 Nurse: Hello John, this is David King. I'm a nurse care manager with Walnut Creek Health. Is this a convenient time for us to discuss your healthcare? 
 Patient: Yeah, you are. I've actually been trying to reach my primary care doctorate's office, but maybe I can talk with you and you can help me reach. 
 Nurse: Certainly, I would be delighted to assist you in reaching your doctor. Before we proceed further, for privacy purposes, could you please confirm your full name and date of birth? This will ensure I'm speaking with the right person. 
 Patient: Absolutely, it is John Doe, 6-8-2001. 
 Nurse: Excellent, thank you John. Now, you mentioned you were trying to reach your primary care. Could you tell me what you wanted to discuss with them? 
 Patient: I, you know, as you know, you probably have it in your chart, but I have Parkinson's and I had a heart attack three years ago and, you know, I've recently been 
 Nurse: having 
 Patient: a few little small, you know, kind of, I, falls, but you know, I'm hesitant to even say falls because I don't actually, you know, make such a, like, it, they're not, they're not falls. I, you know, I don't want anyone to worry about, I know how people get worried when you say falls, but I do feel like my Parkinson's is getting a little bit worse and, you know, I just wanted to see if the doctor can help me get a physical therapist or if they can help me get an occupational therapist. 
 Nurse: Absolutely, and I didn't mean to interrupt you. You seem quite aware of your needs and possible health risks. We can certainly support you in managing those areas of concern, and hopefully help you regain some of your normal functionality. 
 Patient: Yeah, and you know, I do know about Parkinson's and I, when I first got diagnosed, I did a lot of research and I, I understand what's happening, but you know, I definitely think that I'm one of those types of people that, you know, I, I'm not necessarily saying that I can beat it, but I, you know, I, I don't think that it's going to tear me down. I don't think it's going to, you know, I, I, I have been having some falls, but you know, I don't even think that that's even related to my Parkinson's. I just, you know, it's just something that's been happening. I just think I need to get a little bit stronger and, you know, I can get back to my normal active self. 
 Nurse: Indeed, this could be related to your Parkinson's or it could be your body's response to the disease. Regardless, it's absolutely possible to seek some help from an occupational or physical therapist. I'm sure they can provide useful advice and strategies. May I ask you about your insurance coverage, John? 
 Patient: Yeah, I do. I have the gold standard. I have Medi-Cal and Medicare. 
 Nurse: Excellent, typically these cover in-home visits, like from a physical therapist or occupational therapist. Let's work with your primary care doctor to organize this for you. Before we move on though, I also want to address the falls you mentioned. Could you tell me more about them, like the frequency or any patterns you've noticed? 
 Patient: I mean, like I said, I wouldn't even count this as a fall, but I just sometimes have poor balance. Sometimes I just kind of start swaying, but I don't fall and hurt myself. I have no injuries, anything like that. I just kind of settle into the wall and slide down, that kind of thing. So I'm not hurting myself. I don't want you to freak out. I told my daughter and she was just like, oh, you're having falls. We have to put you in a facility and I am not going to a facility. I don't care. I'm not going to a facility. I'm not leaving my house. And these falls, I mean, it has nothing to do with my Parkinson's. I just need to get some exercise and I'm going to be fine. 
 Nurse: Thank you for the details, John. Please be assured that our goal is to help you stay comfortable and safe in your own home, not to dislocate you. Balance issues are something we need to address, and that's why we're moving forward with organizing your physical therapist. I appreciate your willingness to discuss these topics. It helps us provide the best form of assistance. 
 Patient: Yeah. And, you know, honestly, honestly, I just kind of want the physical therapist and the occupational therapist to get my daughter off my back because like I said, she wants to put me in a home and I like, I don't, I don't need any help. So, you know, she keeps saying I have to go to home. So I'm thinking, you know, getting this occupational therapist, physical therapist that can help me a little bit, I can get stronger and then she won't put me in a home. So that's. 
 Nurse: Trust me, that is understandable. It sounds like your daughter is quite involved in your care, correct? 
 Patient: No, she's not. I don't really have a caregiver. I've kind of been managing things on my own. But, um, I, you know, that honestly that, that is something that I could use a little bit of help on. Um, just, you know, mainly what I'm having trouble with is like leaving my, I don't have a laundry machine in my unit. Um, and I need some help. You know, I have a walker, I'm using my walker. Um, I was going to ask you about that. 
 Nurse: Certainly, you can ask me about anything.  
 Patient: Yeah. And you know, it's hard to use my walker and, and hold laundry. So that's difficult for me. It's also for me, it's also difficult for me to go grocery shopping and hold a basket. Um, or you know, even the shopping cart, because what do I do with my walker? So I, I, I don't know if there's such a thing, but it would be great if somebody can help me with my laundry and, um, you know, groceries and maybe even some cooking because it's hard for me to cook while I'm standing. 
 Nurse: Absolutely. And I believe your suggestions are quite reasonable. It sounds like you might benefit from some support, personality to assist you with household tasks. Not only can they help you with tasks like laundry and shopping, but they could also ensure that your medications are organized. Does that sound okay to you? 
 Patient: Oh, that's okay. 
 Nurse: Uh, but the care, uh, a caregiver is what we're really talking about. Can assist you, um, like a transference and whatnot, but mainly their focus is, especially with help, uh, buying groceries or getting things from the store, helping you with getting your medications. They can't necessarily be... 
 Patient: Sorry. I'm sorry to interrupt you. 
 Nurse: Of course. 
 Patient: Getting my medications has been such a pain. Um, I, I, I have them all. I have my refills, but my pharmacy is all the way across town and, you know, I, I don't want to keep relying on my daughter to keep going and getting these medications for me. So if you can help me with that too, that would, or, you know, if that, if that caregiver, you said, um, you know, when they're going grocery shopping, if they can pick up my medications, that would be great too. 
 Nurse: Indeed, that's a major part of the caregiver's role. Now, how about your medical appointments? Is your daughter the one helping you get to those? 
 Patient: Um, well, my daughter doesn't carry me, but she does help me down the stairs. 
 Nurse: Oh, I apologize, I meant does she provide transportation to and from the appointments? 
 Patient: Yes, yes, yes, yes. 
 Nurse: I should have made that more clear, I apologize.  
 Patient: She does. 
 Nurse: Excellent. 
 Patient: She picks me up. Um, sometimes if I'm having a hard time, she'll help me get down the stairs. Um, I'll hold the rail and also the walker and also my daughter. It's, it's, uh, it's a, it's a whole event when we're doing this, but you know, um, knock on wood, I've been able to get down the stairs. Okay. Uh, but we usually schedule around her schedule and, Okay. 
 Nurse: That's good to hear. It seems you have effective current arrangements for your transportation. However, there's a service called Paratransit you could consider as a backup. It could take a while to get registered, but they could assist with transportation needs like medical appointments, or possibly even pharmacy visits. Would you be interested in exploring this option? 
 Patient: You know, I do think that that's a good idea, um, just to have as a, a backup plan, just because, um, I do prefer my daughter taking, uh, me because when she's with me at the appointments, she kind of, you know, she listens to the instructions and takes notes and whatever. Yeah, exactly. So I think I would predominantly, you know, have my daughter take me, but I, I, since you did say that this is going to take months to set up, I think it would be, um, I think let's go for it. Let's try to set it up and just have it in case of emergency. 
 Nurse: That sounds practical. We can start that process for Paratransit in case it's ever needed. 
 Patient: Oh, that was, that was it. I was clearing my throat. 
 Nurse: No problem. So, just to confirm the steps we're going to take: 
1. I will touch base with your primary care doctor concerning your request for both an occupational therapist and a physical therapist. 
2. I'll also communicate with them about your reported falls and the possible need for a blood pressure machine.
3. I'll work on getting you a caregiver, who will also help with household chores like laundry and grocery shopping. 
4. I'll start the process for Paratransit services as an additional transportation option. 
How does that sound to you? 
 Patient: That sounds like a lot of things. I just want to make sure that none of these people are going to come to my house and try to take me out of it. 
 Nurse: Rest assured, our main objective is to enable you to stay comfortably and safely in your home environment. Before we end this call, there's one final thing I'd like to discuss. Do you have a couple more minutes for me to go over your current medications?  
 Patient: Oh yeah. Um, I actually don't know my medications because my daughter sets them up for me. They're in a Medi-set. 
 Nurse: That's not a problem, John. As long as you've taken today's medication that's most important. And we'll touch base with your primary care doctor to organize any additional medication support you might need. 
 Patient: Okay. And I'll, I'll have a look at my, um, medication set. that's in front of me here. Perfect. 
 Nurse: Sounds good, John. I'll connect with your primary care doctor and we'll try to arrange all these services for you. In the meantime, please don't hesitate to reach out if you have any other questions. Is it okay if I leave a message on your phone if I miss you? 