Nurse: Oh, no, that's, that's ok. I, I'll always call back. I was just calling, um, to do the check in, call for your sister. How, how she, how is she doing?
Patient: She's doing pretty well right now. She's not feeling the greatest because she had her single shot, second shingles shot on Monday. And it seems to, uh, upset her equilibrium a little bit. It makes her more shaky and more, um, easily to lose her balance. Ok.
Nurse: Yeah, that might be just like fatigue a lot of times with the shots or vaccines, you can have like some, some XXfatigue cause it's, if your immune system is kind of like reacting to, to the, to the particles. So it's not live XXvirus but your immune system is still having that reaction. So, her, her muscles are probably just, you know, tired.
Patient: Yeah. Well, she had a reaction sort of like that to the first one and I asked Doctor [PHI-Personal] about it because she does have sort of a seizure disorder, but she doesn't have true seizures, but they're giving her medication for it. And he said if that's all the worst she was, it's worthwhile. Go ahead and get the second one because that's more important as long as it's not any worse than it was the first time. And it's actually a little better than the first time. So,
Nurse: Yeah. And it, it's, that's not like that's, that's kind of like an, an expected possible side effect. Um, it's usually 2 to 3 days. It might, maybe some arm pain or XX[muscle pain]. Um, may very rarely shingles. Um, but I mean, I think like, it's what you would have mostly be worried about is like XX[an allergic reaction]. So, like hives, swelling of the face, XX[difficulty breathing] XXdizziness, you know, like
Patient: She, yeah, she's doing ok with all that. So, yeah, she had the muscle but she has aches and pains all the time too. So she says it's hard to tell. That's
Nurse: True. I know she
Patient: Really need. So, yeah, she, uh, right now she's been, I, she hasn't complained in a couple of days. I think we might have, uh, stopped it a little bit but she's been having sore spots in her mouth and she doesn't have a regular dentist. We were gonna talk to Doctor [PHI-Personal] about it when we came in. But, uh, she also thought, because she's in the habit of eating fresh pop popcorn every night and she thought maybe the, the popcorn and the salt might have been, if not caused it at least aggravating it. So I switched her over to the puffed rice and corn instead of the popped with the kernels and stuff. And she said it was better. But so I haven't had much chance to talk to her today because I've been trying to get work done outside and, uh, I had to run to the pharmacy and pick up prescriptions and stuff. But her, she, her caregiver seem to be having a, a happy conversation in there and stuff and I know I missed you a couple other months. It's been a wild time around here. Oh, yeah, about five or six weeks ago. Well, I fell backwards halfway down my base, uh, to my basement on cement floor. That's just only carpeted. I got a concussion and a giant lump on my head about the size of a baseball. It's still not entirely healed and I bruised my ribs, maybe even cracked them. But, and I took my shoulder on my other arm trying to catch myself and they said I was probably unconscious for a little while because I have a blank space in my memory about the fall. I remember remember seeing that I'm knowing I was gonna fall and grabbing for the handrails. And then the next thing that my memory has in it is waking up and my head was laying on the floor in a pool of blood. Oh my God. I I lost the the middle there. But anyhow, that kind of knocked me flat for a while. It took me two or three weeks to get myself back moving again. So, I'm sorry, it's been just, and you called during one of those times and another time you called and I can't remember what it was. I think that [PHI-Personal] and I were driving and I was the driver. So I just always, always call back.
Nurse: It's ok. I always call back. You know, it's, I'm here to help. I'm not here to make things more difficult for you.
Patient: Yeah. Well, we, we, we weren't having any issues. So, uh, we did have a little bit of an issue with her, uh, oxy last week. But yeah, I didn't even hear about it until it was over. Yeah, I got, I got, well, they found it clear down in [PHI-Geographic] at the Ben [PHI-Personal] down there and I got a phone call from the pharmacist. Want to talk to dad. And I told him I was her sister and he, he says, well, I've got a prescription here for [PHI-Personal] and the address and when I saw your address, I was a bit confused. So I decided to call and talk to you. And that was the first I heard of it, but we had had issues before. So I said apparently they couldn't get it here in town. So they probably called you. And he said, well, check with your pharmacy, her pharmacy and find out what's going on. I said, well, do you have it? And he says no, but I think I can get it for tomorrow. Great. Oh, great. But anyhow, I called, called her pharmacy back and they said that was the issue. They couldn't find it anywhere. And somebody I don't even know who called Ben [PHI-Personal], whether it was one of you there or whether it was the pharmacy. But I called the guy back at Ben [PHI-Personal] and confirmed that it's real and we do need it. So he said, call me back in 10 minutes. I'm gonna connect with my supplier to make sure I can get it. But he says I have a different supplier than they do up there in town. So he says my inventory shows that they have it in the warehouse. So I will call and make sure they can have it here tomorrow. And I'll let you know. So about 10, 15 minutes later, I talked to him and he said it was good for the next day. But call before I come down because you never know about traffic, hold up and all that stuff. So, we got it. That was, that was a hassle. I kind of missed out on which I didn't mind because last time I got really frustrated because everybody I call, we can't get it, we can't get it, we can't get it. But when I say, well, what are we supposed to do? I would get it. I don't know. And I wanted to know if there was something else we could use or what are we supposed to give her to hold down her pain and keep her from going into withdrawal? Because I know she's so used to having it, that withdrawal would be an issue. Yeah. So this time it was all kind of settled and I took her with me. So, because she's never been down to that Ben [PHI-Personal] and it's an interesting experience. So I took her along for an outie. Yeah.
Nurse: Good. So, I mean, yeah, and I, I think the pharmacy just call us directly. So that, and then we just sent it, the office, sent it to you, the secondary pharmacy on file because we're like, well, let's try this one because you already know you'll use it. So, yeah. So that's, that's good. That got resolved. Um, does she need any refills on any of her medications right now?
Patient: No, not right now. He said if, uh, it looks like she's gonna need it from him next month. Call him two or three days ahead of time that he won't have to have it rush, rush delivered. And I said, well, I won't know that until it's time to order it because you can't call the pharmacist and say, are you gonna have it in 3.5 weeks because they don't know either. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I will, I will, I will call when she's got three or four days left and see if they're gonna have it for her and what we can do about it. But, yeah, but the last time on it, well, the last time it happened, I think you found it at, or at Wegmans.
Nurse: Yeah. I don't know. She's had so many things out. One of us did. It's just, she's had so many times where she's, you know, it's just, it's hard to find her stuff, especially some of the doses she takes. I know. But she's, she's good on meds right for right now. No refills for right now. Um, yeah, I know.
Patient: She, her, yeah, her insurance was giving us on the Zofran and first they said it wasn't on her list but then when I got a letter from them it's either not on her list or she can't have it that soon. Which I didn't understand that because all iit is is for nausea but whatever. But in the meantime, the pharmacist gave us one last prescription on what they approved and then didn't, the insurance company have another one from their pharmacy sent to us. So we still have some. And I got, uh, the letter I got from them said, uh, it's either not on the list or it's too soon. But now we should be past that point. But I know I talked to [PHI-Personal] Doctor were not in the office. And so there was, they told me somebody named or maybe down there was working on it and she called me and said that her insurance would not budge. She said they just absolutely no matter what she told them and what she told them was wrong with, they wouldn't budge. But I wanna, I wanna check what the reason was, whether did they think it was too soon or whether they're just not gonna do it because they don't care or cover it or whatever. So, but they were trying to work on it with us but since I ended up getting a double dose because then I was confused but since you got it and we're being careful with it.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. It's just the insurance. I think it just depends on who it goes to. Honestly, every time they do like one of those prior auth or something like that, I think it really just depends on the, in individual working. It seems like
Patient: Frustrating. Yeah. Dad and my husband, they drive him nuts. Yeah. And he finally, his doctor was, his doctor was trying to change him. To a new one and when it came and when I picked it up, it was the wrong name. So we checked that to see if it was right. And the doctor's office said, yes. That's right. That's what the insurance said we had to use. So my husband says, oh, so now the insurance executives with no training are gonna tell doctors what they can give people. Our doctor says that's about it. Yeah. Yeah,
Nurse: That's, that's the most frustrating thing for me. Is it like the insurance companies think they know better than the doctors? Like where did you get your medical degree? So I know it's frustrating. Um, but she's good. She's good on meds now. So that's, that's like that's a positive you look, look up um I know you mentioned the dentist. Could you talk to her insurance about um getting her in because she's having,
Patient: Well, I have to call them, but in the meantime, she also needs to see the podiatrist which I'm trying to set up because I'm in the midst of a treatment on my foot because I had a diabetic ulcer. So I'm trying to get her in and then you need a referral. No, no. Ok. That for the diabetic because our doctor retired and there's other, the doctor that I'm gonna go to is picking up some of his patients anyhow, our podiatrist retired so I'm sure that I can get [PHI-Personal] in there. But ahead of that is, uh, her eyes because they, she had her cataracts fixed. Then she had to have, um, well, then she had to have scar tissue lasered off and then they had to build her a whole new set of glasses. I literally mean, Bill because he was putting glasses two or 33 lenses at a time and frames. Mhm. On top of each other to try to get her vision because her spine is curved, her head tilts to one side and it's really hard to get two lenses to focus the same because she's looking at one sort of sideways. So, and she got that and we have an appointment with him in [PHI-Personal] and she explained when she first got it, her vision was better but it's starting to go the other way again. So I'm gonna call them and see if they wanna see her sooner. Or do we have to wait [PHI-Personal]? So, yeah, she, I think that she, her own medical experience all by herself.
Nurse: Yeah. But just the thing is, you know, like the, the eye is important and all of that. Um, but, you know, it, it's, it's, it's important to go to the dentist XX[if she's got any sores or gum, gum pain, like, her gums are puffy or bleeding, any type of pain or, like, difficulty eating or chewing, like, try to get her in soon for that because, you know, it's like if, if she ends up getting, um, like an abscess tooth or something like that can spread to her sinuses. That could, um, you know, it could have even seen it go to your brain.] So, I, people's brains because it, like, so that's just, I just wanted to interrupt you.
Patient: The issue we have is, uh, most of the doctors locally don't take her insurance or a health and the doctor that takes it locally and look solid for three months and then if they need something more extensive, they have to go to a dentist that's two hours away.
Nurse: Yeah. Put her on, put her on some cancellation list. Maybe. I mean, just try to get her in
Patient: To do that. But I wanna call [PHI-Personal] first because, uh, [PHI-Personal] is like supplemental to humana and if [PHI-Personal] will cover some local, uh, the [PHI-Personal], but a lot of them because her eyeglasses, it was [PHI-Personal] that covered what little bit they did cover on glasses and [PHI-Personal] was, that was not a humana benefit. So, yeah, I have to, I have to get on the phone with them for a while. Yeah, I
Nurse: Know. I'm sorry. Um, I just, I would just, I would try to focus on that one. Just, just that stands out. Um, besides that, is she getting enough water to drink with everything going on?
Patient: Yes. Yes. Yes, because she also has kidney bladder issues a little bit. She finds it difficult to urinate. So they've got her on, uh, the azo products and she drinks, there's a, an ice water at her side.
Nurse: Ok. XX[Got at least 4 to 6 8 ounce cups}. Like water is best. But like, also, like, even if she can't drink that much, like fruits and vegetables, like the watermelon cut watermelon is like 99% water. Honestly. Um, she's getting, she's getting up there,
Patient: Believe it or not, she actually prefers water for her beverage most of the time. Ok. So she's good
Nurse: There. Yeah, just getting
Patient: Water in her bedroom. And
Nurse: Yeah, especially if she, if she, if she spends time outside, make sure she's getting enough water because, I mean, it's, but I would, I would recommend, I know you said you were outside planting stuff in the garden but that, that could, that can really being outside can really help with anxiety like it lowers your BP, your heart rate, your stress hormones, like try to let her get outside and get, you know, just make sure she's getting enough water there. Um, how, how her
Patient: Anxiety. Yeah, I usually try to get her out when we're going to a fun destination. Now we went to her 50th anniversary party on the weekend and before that, we went down through all the crafts and everything at Ben [PHI-Personal] just a couple of days before that and that's like half an hour drive. So when I get her out, usually try to find some place where they'll have a wheelchair available for her and I don't have to sit in my car and stuff like that. But, uh, I've been getting her back out to her religious meetings, like, twice a week now because for a while we were doing it on Zoom, but now we're back doing in person. So she's getting some breaks away from here. But she's, uh, good, not real anxious to go either. Yeah.
Nurse: But, I mean, is she, is she, like, sleeping? Ok, like any change in sleep? Like sleeping more or less difficulty falling asleep, like, change anything like that nightmares. She's
Patient: Sleeping. She doesn't sleep well, but it's not necessarily because of anxiety or not falling asleep because she falls asleep easily. It's just that, ok, her body is so twisted up that she lays very long. She gets in pain. Yeah. Yeah. So she gets up and goes to the bathroom and we switch her around and because she can't lay flat. So we got her a lazy boy and she, uh, a lift chair, stick with that wherever she wants it. Height wise too.
Nurse: Yeah. She kind of has to get up to stretch. And is she getting like, three meals a day? Is she eating ok. Any change there?
Patient: Oh, no, she's eating fine. She's complaining at me that I give her much because she's trying to lose weight. But when you can't move around that much it's hard to lose weight.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. Um, so she's good. There. Um So, I mean, you, you talked about her eyes, her feet if she needs a referral, let us know to that new podiatrist in case they give you a hard time. Um, we talked about the eyes. You're gonna try to get her into a dentist. Um, she's good on medication. She doesn't need any refills. Do you have, I mean, do you have any other concerns or is there anything I can help with this month?
Patient: Um, not right now. I would say no, no, we, we had some caregiver issues. So, but that's pretty well ironed out and, uh, it wasn't the gi per se. It was just that we had several days where nobody came.
Nurse: Oh, that's hard when you, you were having issues too. Like with your fall.
Patient: That was, it happened right in the middle of it. I about in tears when I deliver office because my head hurt so bad and I hurt the, the left side was the ribs and the left side was the shoulder. So I wasn't lifting either arm too well. And it was just, and she told they called me and said we can't find anybody to cover. I'm like, oh, I am so miserable myself. Uh, this is an important time to me most of the time I can cover and just pick up whatever the tours are. But I said I was really hoping for somebody today so I could lay down. Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah, that, but since then, basically they're working a caregiver too many days, but it's short enough days that she likes it, but they're not giving her much time off. But she only comes 2.5 hours a day just enough to get bathed and dressed and maybe helps up in her room a little bit, maybe to visit a little bit and stuff like that. So, but this, this, we've got one is here almost every day of the month, but she said she doesn't mind because she comes early enough. She's out of here by three or 3 30. So, so, so far this has been working out pretty well because the, I actually talked to her health case worker care. What? I don't know what you even call them there and she said give the new girl a try. She called them too and they said they were gonna try a new girl that they're, they were just very well. They haven't been turn over anyhow, but [PHI-Personal] were caregivers in a row just like three weeks apart had auto accidents bad enough to total their vehicles. Oh, wow. The one actually told me she says I'll be back when I can get transportation, but we haven't seen her in about five weeks now. But I think her problem is possibly her insurance. I don't know on finances because it was her car but she was not driving it. So I don't know if that's an issue or not. But she says I'll be back. I promise. But she's the one that came the day I fell right in the midst of the whole thing. The ambulance and the paramedics and the police were and everybody were here when she got here. She came in, she thought something happened to [PHI-Personal] and she comes in and Debs sitting in there all tense and wanting to help. But can't. So they gave [PHI-Personal] they [PHI-Personal] in the room with the puppies and my husband, they wouldn't even let him come downstairs. He started down because I hollered up to and said, tell [PHI-Personal], I need help. And she did. And so he started down, he saw all the, when he helped me sit up, then he saw all that blood and he went right back up and called 911. And then when they came, they had a policeman with him too and he told my husband to get back up the steps, don't go downstairs. And I think it was mostly just because at the bottom of the stairs is kind of a crowded, a area. And I already had three medical people working on me. But I said, you know, they probably have to do something like that too because they have so many domestic problems that they probably didn't wanna let you down because the first thing they said to me is, do you remember exactly how this happened? Mm. And Uh fortunately the empty hamper that I was carrying, laid right there on the floor by my head. So I think it was pretty obvious, but they've been here before because they, they're the ones that do lift, assist them happens to go down. So, but it was right in the middle of that care. The caregiver wasn't here yet and they're loading me in the ambulance and I'm going, did, did my sister's caregiver come. And they said to me we don't know there were so many people in there. We don't know who's who. So, but we had called her. Well, we had called a couple of our daughters so I was hoping for the best. So the caregiver came, one of our daughters came here and two of them came to the hospital. So we got it covered.
Nurse: Good. Ok.
Patient: Poor dad. And she's like, oh, wow. Know. And I'm like, [PHI-Personal], you can't even walk down one step. You'd be laying down on here on the floor with me. I know.
Nurse: Oh, I'm sorry.
Patient: Yeah, it was a, it was a help that she could keep the puppies entertain and they weren't out there trying to dance on the paramedics.
Nurse: Yeah. Well, that's good. That gives her, that gives her something to do. Yeah.
Patient: Through. But we survived.
Nurse: Yeah, I know. Um, I'm sorry. So you're gonna, yeah, just keep that. That's the worst. Um, but anyway, I mean, you're feeling better though, like you're doing Ok now.
Patient: Yeah, pretty much. I have a spot on my head that hasn't healed yet but all the swelling went down and the blood clot that was where I hit is gone. And, uh, yeah, so far it's just with that, finish it healing up and I get hair back in that spot. Yeah,
Nurse: That's, that's a lot. Um, I hope it heals fast. It's just like a hard injury to have anything head related. I'm sorry, especially when you have to take care. Yeah. But besides, yeah, so is there anything I can do to help? Like anything I can do for, for either of you?
Patient: No, we're good actually. Uh, as I said, I am late with doing my outside work which is a favorite, uh, recreational if you would. But uh, I'm getting there so we're making it. I got helpful grandchildren too. So
Nurse: Good. Ok, good. I'm, so
Patient: We're, I say we're doing ok.
Nurse: Ok, good. So everybody's doing in that case, um, you know, since everybody's doing ok. Um, I want you to, I want you to call me if you need any help with anything, um, or you have any concerns. Um, otherwise I'm just gonna, you know, do give you a call around this time next month. Um, yeah, I'm sorry, I hope you feel better. I hope, I hope your sister feels better too with the shingles vaccine. Ok.
Patient: Yes. Ok. But yeah.
Nurse: Ok. All right. Stay safe. Be careful.
Patient: I'm trying. I don't the steps anymore.