Nurse: I'm gonna say I'm knocking on wood right now. That is, that's wonderful. I mean getting to almost [PHI-Personal] now so it's just hope we keep that up.
Patient: Well, uh I think part of it's allergy part of it's uh you know, the, uh, continuous sinus thing. Uh, it seems like it's, it used to be just fall and winter for me when I was younger. But as I've gotten older it's, it's basically year round kind of thing and there's worse times and better times and, uh, the pressure comes and like, weather changing and barometric pressure changing causes problems. But, yeah, just, I found one thing seems to be working for me is Zyrtec. It seems to, to, um, some degree help, uh, keep stuff from building up so much. And then I've been trying, uh, using it for a while then stopping, letting the drainage start in again. A little bit. Drain out. What will and then dry it up again. That seems to kind of work. I don't know.
Nurse: Well, I mean, even just a little bit, I'm, I'm sure just a little bit that'll work for you feels like a, a good thing to have. So, I'm sorry that it's not a huge amount of relief with that. But I'm glad you found something that helps a little bit.
Patient: It, uh, here in the last we, this past week so far it's been the ears again that hurt when I sleep on them at night, uh, especially the right ear right now. Uh, and so it just, like I said, it comes and goes, uh, get a lot of here yesterday and the day before I was getting a lot of drainage down my throat. And, uh, now I'm not getting so much but, uh, I'm not getting hardly anything out of my nose either right at the moment. So, but I do have the pressure in, under the eyes and around the eyes. Mhm. So,
Nurse: So sorry to hear that. That's, uh, an ongoing thing like that. Ma yes,
Patient: One of many. So I don't worry about it and just ignore it and as long as it doesn't, uh, start to make me totally ill, it's fine. I just deal with it like everything else.
Nurse: Yeah. Um, how's your BP been doing lately?
Patient: Uh, hm. To be honest, I, it's been a while since I took it, uh, kind of out of sight, out of mind, kind of thing if I don't feel that it's bothering me. I don't, uh, um, check it normally.
Nurse: That's, hey, that's fine. I have, I do not have a problem with that as long as you, you know, the things that when it's getting high or when it's getting too low that make you feel bad. Um, and you're kind of watching out for that kind of stuff. I'm
Patient: Ok with that. But it, I don't, you know? Oh, I gotta check it two or three times a day. No, I don't. And it's probably been, uh, since the last time I was in the doctor's office since it's been checked. So,
Nurse: Uh, you know, and I was looking at that last office visit. It's your BP was very good at that point. You know. So, like I said, as long as, you know, those things that, you know, the headaches or nose bleeds or, you know, feeling dizzy, you know, those kind of things that we think about when our, our BP is getting too XXhigh. You know, those warning signs to look for. I'm totally fine with it.
Patient: Yeah. Well, like I said, if I worried about everything that was wrong with me, I would be, uh, uh, a, uh, raging hypochondriac or something like that. Uh, just can't worry about it.
Nurse: Yeah. All right. Well, that's, that works for me. That works for me to, to not really worry about that too much. So. All right. Well, um, it sounds from what you're saying, like overall things are going ok.
Patient: Yeah. Um, the, I got back on the Roids unfortunately, which I did, I got back on the predniSONE and it has taking my arthritis down to where I'm, uh, considerably more comfortable. Uh, I think when I talked to the, uh, [PHI-Personal] the other day. Correct. Mhm. Yeah. Uh, it was really bothering me a lot and, uh, my hands were hurting so bad. They were keeping me awake at night. And, uh, so I did go back on it and I did a knock down dose to begin with, started at 25 mg and sta stepped it down to five each day until I got back down to five and, uh, Doctor [PHI-Personal] had set me at 7.5. Uh, I had this last prescription refill and that's where I'm at and it's, uh, it's, uh, doing ok. It's, my hands aren't keeping me awake at night ache. Uh, just cramping and throbbing and so on and so forth. And the rest of my body's somewhat more [PHI-Personal], well, quite a bit more [PHI-Personal] than it was. So, but I,
Nurse: I'm glad that that's helped with relief for you
Patient: That's helped things. I'm allergic to two of the main arthritis medications. It, uh, seems to be the, one of my only options. I don't like being on em. But, uh, my cardiologist told me, uh, doctor said that, uh, as long as it keeps me moving, that's the main thing. So.
Nurse: Well, very good. I'm, I'm glad that those have been helping and you have that blessing of your XXcardiologist with it. So, that's wonderful.
Patient: Other than that, no other complaints, other than I was, did I had a, I have a question. Did Pro Medica close their, uh, dermatology department or?
Nurse: Hm. I don't know about that. This is the first I've heard about that. Let me see what I can find
Patient: When I googled it and came up and then I found the, it said permanently closed and then so I was, it seemed weird. But, uh, I was trying to find a number for it.
Nurse: Yeah. Let me pull up my phone book through epic here and see what we can find.
Patient: I have problems with whiskers and growing and stuff and I've had several right now, I've got three different places on my face, unfortunately, all on the right hand side. And, uh, it's been, well, I went to a dermatologist back in [PHI-Geographic] back in, I don't know, 2014, 2015. I don't know, somewhere in there because I was having a really hard time getting one place to heal up between my nose and my upper lip and immediately without even basically asking, uh, she did a biopsy on it. Uh, and I really didn't, I had went over to do the appointment in the middle of the day, in the middle of the day, middle of the morning, uh, from work and she ended up doing a biopsy on it and, uh, then it wouldn't stop bleeding when I got back to work and I had to go back to the clinic again and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And I was not a happy camper. So I've been avoiding dermatology ever since.
Nurse: Yeah. Uh, you know, I am not finding good things here with the pro Medica and Dermatology. It looks like that is closed down. Um, I'm wondering if they've just kind of gone to a smaller office or a smaller setting. Um, because I do see the names of different dermatologists that are associated, um, you know, that are still associated, like within the network um, so what I could do though if you would like is I could send a message over to Doctor [PHI-Personal] and see if he has somebody he recommends that he really likes. Um, and we could get a referral put in place for you. Well,