Patient: It's kind of a, oh, that's ok. I started getting anxious and I thought, well, I'll try one more time.
Nurse: Yeah. Did you try to call the office yet?
Patient: Um, I haven't called, um, I, I guess I was gonna talk to you first. I don't know why. I mean, that's ok. I saw the doctor yesterday and, and I, um, he prescribed me some medication. Um, and, but they were out of one of them, which is HYDROcodone, um, acetaminophen. And so, so CV S in [PHI-Geographic] is completely out and they don't know when they're gonna get a shipment, but the CV S and Ner does have that medication. And so I guess what I'm gonna, what they tell me I'm gonna need to do is have the doctor or you or a nurse or, I don't know how, how you guys do that. But, um, but to have them fill it, if you could get it filled there for me. That would be really, I, you know, I know they have it now but they said that it, it, you know, it goes out fast with people who have a lot of them, you know. Yeah, like first come first serve type thing. So they, he said he had some five or five mg. I don't know what my prescription is. Um, there's, but he has five mg, 7.5 and 10. But I think the doctor ordered me the five.
Nurse: Ok. And they don't have the five at the ner CV
Patient: S. Uh, no, they, they do have some. Oh, ok. Yeah, they do have some, but they didn't have any at the CV SS in [PHI-Geographic]. Yeah. Ok. Uh, no, no different strength or, you know, patient
Nurse: CBS in [PHI-Geographic] and you need it by tomorrow or
Patient: Today. I'm ha, I'm, well, I'm having my eye surgery, um, tomorrow, but I'm actually, I don't know if there's any pain involved in that one. I know that, uh, the [PHI-Personal] I have, I have a, the
Nurse: Dental procedure. Yeah. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah. So that, yeah, order your wife, which you could be. Ok. So, yeah, that's all I need.
Nurse: Ok. I got it in there. Um, I definitely, I, I can't do anything with controlled medication. I just send the update to doctor and he's the one that will change it over if worse comes to worst and it doesn't get to it today. It'll be there tomorrow. Like the order will itself will go through. But he has to be the one that says, you know, like, yes, I've canceled this, um, order at the CV S in [PHI-Geographic] and yes, I want to switch it over to the CV S
Patient: In. Oh, I appreciate that. Um, I have another question and I can't remember, probably ask him but I, I don't remember if I did or not. Um, I take Xarelto a XX[blood thinner] and um I'm not sure what I should do about the dental. Do I need to stop taking it? Now? Do I need to stop taking it two days before or do I need to stop? You know what I mean? So I don't bleed out. They're, they're extracting all my upper teeth. So I don't know, I don't know if I need
Nurse: And it's the [PHI-Personal],
Patient: The teeth or the [PHI-Personal]. Yeah, my eyes are tomorrow but, but they said that it was ok. The doctor or the eye doctor, ophthalmologist said that it was ok if I took it, but I it wouldn't matter of the procedure they're doing to my eye. Yeah, it won't be the
Nurse: Time. Yeah.
Patient: And he said it was ok. But, but the other one, I don't know when I need to stop taking uh Xarelto uh before, before I go to get my dental work done.
Nurse: Ok? No problem. So I will give you a call back hopefully, you know, before I leave here around 4 30. Um, but hopefully I'll be able to get back to you sooner. Worse comes to worst. Um, and I get the answer tomorrow and you're in the procedure. Do you want me to leave a message or do you want me to try calling you like a later time tomorrow?
Patient: Oh, whenever you wanna call it's fine.
Nurse: Ok. All right. I'll put that there, then I could leave a message with the medical information on it basically. Right.
Patient: Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Ok. And I think that was it. So the main thing too is the, um, Xarelto. I'm, I don't know how many days I'm supposed to quit before I get it or if it's a low milligram that I don't have to. But I, I don't, I think, I think I'm supposed to come off of the XX Xarelto before I get my teeth done and I just don't know how many days.
Nurse: Yeah, I, honestly it goes back and forth. Sometimes some providers, like primary care providers will say it's based on the dentist, what they wanna do. Some dentist says we're not touching that medication. You have to get through your primary, the recommendations. So it definitely, it's better off. We just ask Doctor [PHI-Personal] and he just lets us know what you wanna do or what he wants you to do. So.
Patient: Oh, ok. Yeah. Ask him um, yeah. Um, when do I stop taking XX Xarelto? Ok.