Nurse: A look here. [PHI-Personal]. Yes. I don't even know if she's off today or not. What am I doing? Yep. That's me. I have about six people that I'm covering for today. So that's why the confusion here. What can I do for you, honey?
Patient: Um, well, I'm hoping you can help me. Um, I've been on this, I guess it's called levothyroxine for my thyroid, but ever since I started taking it, huh? I can't walk my knees. I, I've never had so much pain ever in my whole body and I, I need to get off of that. I, I can't take another day of the pain. Um, and I tried to call my doctor and of course he, he won't get back to me. I'm ready to stop it tomorrow. Um, the endocrinologist.
Nurse: Unfortunately, I don't have any say so. Or any push with endocrinology. Um, the problem with you can't just stop levothyroxine. That's for your XXthyroid. Your body needs to, that, to function. Um, it's weird that you're having pain with that. That's, I've never heard of that before. Um, a actually it should be making you feel better ultimately and it does take a little time for those levels to change. Um, but yeah, the, the, that's for your thyroid, like I said, that's, um, same thing as [PHI-Personal]. It's,
Patient: You can
Nurse: Literally.
Patient: Hm. I'm sorry. No, that, uh, I, I didn't mean to interrupt. Go ahead. I'm, no, that's ok. No, that's
Nurse: Ok. I was just saying like, you can like hypothyroidism and if you don't address it and, and take your medication, you can literally die from that. Um, so I, I do not recommend stopping that medication. And what else were you thinking? It could possibly be from?
Patient: Um, I'm also on the Metformin. That's like, well,
Nurse: That would be more likely to be causing, um, Metformin does have some side effects. Um, and not everybody tolerates it. Well, did they give you that for weight loss?
Patient: No. Um, it was for prediabetes, prediabetes. Ok.
Nurse: Yeah, because it works well for weight loss as well. Um, and I can tell you they actually recently just put my daughter on it. She has [PHI-Personal] Syndrome. Oh, so she's insulin resistant. Yeah. So she has problems with weight. Um, and they do give you that for that as well.
Patient: Is she doing better? Mhm.
Nurse: She started it about a month ago. She's having a lot of stomach issues with it. So they just changed it to like an extended release. Sometimes that does help as opposed to the.
Patient: Oh, yeah. Yeah, immediate
Nurse: Release. I'm just looking down through, uh, your XXendocrinology was in [PHI-Personal]. Correct.
Patient: Um, I think so, but I'm all mixed up with what day it is and then
Nurse: I, I think it was, well, I have an appointment from [PHI-Personal]. You haven't been there since?
Patient: Oh, that, oh, yeah. Yeah, that's when I was there. Yeah, I'm looking at my calendar.
Nurse: Ok. They do have me on the extended release of the Metformin.
Patient: Oh, the pain in my, my knees are unbearable. I, I just, I don't know what to do. Um, and of course no one will give you any pain medicine just to get you through, you know, just to give you some kind of relief and Tylenol and all that, that, that don't help. Oh, I'm just, I'm in so much pain.
Nurse: Um, joint pain can be a side effect of the XXMetformin. Oh,
Patient: Ok. Yeah, I think I started taking that first before the, whatever that.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. Like I said, yeah. No, that's definitely one that you do not wanna stop up because like I said, that's actually should, if anything make you feel better, it should give you more energy, make you feel less tired and, and run out. Um, ok. Side effects with that. Really? Really? I've never honestly heard of any side effects from Synth, um, [PHI-Personal]. You, sometimes people don't think that the off brand works but it, the off brand is the exact same as the name brand. But, you know, that's the only thing I've ever heard is, oh, I'm not feeling any better or not. I've never heard, um, like I said, you don't wanna stop that one.
Patient: So once you get on it you can't stop it.
Nurse: No, that's not one that, because it's your, your thyroid isn't functioning appropriately. It's not, um, making it the, the stuff, huh? Oh, my goodness. The, the thyroid stimu, the XXhormones that it needs to make for your body to function. Um, so it, that it's never gonna fix itself if anything, usually people, sometimes they do need to adjust the levels based on your blood work, um, up or down, depending on what's going on with you. But it's never something that you're gonna just be able to go off of it.
Patient: I know how long my thyroid's been like this because, like, so many times, like all the doctors have checked for the last 2030 years and then, you know, this doctor, he, like, dug into it more. So, I, I think it's been out of whack for a long time
Nurse: And it's possible and it's possible that it was just, like, borderline for a while. Unfortunately, a lot of times they won't treat until you're pushed over into that. Oh, Yeah, we're definitely abnormal. Which sometimes I think that when you're on the low side of normal it's better to actually treat. But that's just
Patient: Not. But you,
Nurse: Yes, you, you are out of whack, you're not in the normal range at all. Yeah.
Patient: I'm just like a big mess all the way around
Nurse: And, and hypothyroidism. That's, that's very, very common, especially in women and it tends to run in families. Um, it is, it's, it's a common thing. But, yeah, don't, don't stop the, the levothyroxine if anything. And you're worried about just trying to look back at your hemoglobin. A one CS. Um,
Patient: Well, I do have good news about that. Um, I did see my nutritionalist over in and she sent through the, um, um, what is that? Um, uh, [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. [PHI-Personal]. So, I'll be taking that shot. Uh, as soon as I get that in the mail, I'll be taking that and then I can get off the Metformin. Is that correct? Yes. Yeah.
Nurse: You sh well, yeah, you should be able to, um, because the [PHI-Personal] does, the [PHI-Personal] is wonderful for weight loss. Now, did she tell you, you probably gonna have a little bit of nausea and things like that with the [PHI-Personal] that's normal. It happens very frequently, um, until your body kinda a adjusts and gets used to it. But they're actually finding that not only does it help with diabetes and all of that, it, it kind of works as a, it rewires your brain a little bit. It takes away those compulsive, like, the eating habits and things like that.
Patient: Um, and I need that.
Nurse: Yeah, that's, it's an intended side effect. Actually, not only with, like, the compulsive eating but they're actually finding it works well for other addictions, like, you know. Yeah, drug and alcohol. Um, well, actually, yeah, I mean, yeah, people are reporting overall less compulsive behaviors, which is what that is a compulsion. Um, I do the same thing as soon as I read that that looks like it might be something that would be interesting to try. But, but yeah, never
Patient: Go on you.
Nurse: But I just, uh, no. Yeah. No, I stay away from. Yeah, absolutely. Um, my big thing right now is, is sheen clothes. I have a clothing addiction. Everybody laughs at me about it. I'm like, and I don't know why I don't, I very rarely leave my house. I mean, I work at home. I don't like to go out in, amongst the crowds of people, but my goodness, when I'm leaving my house I better have clothes that I'm going to look nice. I have a closet that's overflowing with closets, stuff. I've never even
Patient: Worn. Yeah, I love clothes too. Yeah.
Nurse: Uh, it's a fun thing. Well, and, and it's funny because I laugh, I always just as well. I have to look nice when I go to Idaho. I'm gonna have to look I'll wear this then. Oh, I'm sure we'll do something. So, like all this stuff and I wear it once or twice and then it goes back, like, boy, my kids are on me continuously. You always say you're broke and then five packages a day show up. I'm like, yeah, well, why do you think I'm broke? Are,
Patient: Are you on the, you?
Nurse: No, I stay away from that. I have not gotten into that. Like I said, II, I see it and I see all this stuff and I've clicked a couple times. I'm like, nope, nope, nope. I gotta stay away from that.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah, it's really addictive. Mhm.
Nurse: But, uh, yeah, so, so, you know, that might help with that as well and it does look like they're going through the process here of, oh, what's this insurance stuff? Is this? It might be. Yeah. Ok. Yeah. They had to ask which, uh, which version of the [PHI-Personal] that the insurance would cover? So it should be being sent to? Oh, it looks like they sent that to Caremark. And so you should be getting it very soon
Patient: And that's the, um, the injection one. Yes. Yeah.
Nurse: The [PHI-Personal],
Patient: I guess it only comes in that form.
Nurse: The injectable. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. All of those medications are injectable and it's just once a week. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. But I decided to stay off sugar. Like, I'm not having any sugar ever. Like, as long as I live, I'm gonna try not to because I'm just so addicted to it. It's like a alcoholic, you know, having a drink. I don't have that problem or drugs, but with the sugar, oh, I just, it's
Nurse: Unbelievable. And actually, um, sugar causes a lot of inflammation in the body that up and down with the insulins. Um and uh, and can really honestly contribute to pain. Um, so once you now and sugar, there's a withdrawal from sugar just like there is other things, you know, you kind of get fluish, you feel sluggish, you feel yucky overall for a while with lots of cravings. But if you stick with it, it doesn't last a terribly long time. Yeah. And ho honestly, once you get over that initial, everything just tastes overly sweet if it has sugar. Um, and, and you really don't have that desire for it anymore. Unlike drugs. Like if you're addicted to a drug, you're always gonna want that drug. Sugar is nice. Just like once, once you're off of it and it, your body is cleaning itself up. It's, yeah, that's definitely fine without it. No problem. Yeah. Yeah.
Patient: I'm gonna pretend like I'm like allergic to it too. I'm just gonna, which I probably am or my body won't react to it the way it does.
Nurse: Well, yeah, like I said, it's bad for inflammation and I've just been actually, I've been preaching that to my daughter and her friends even because they've been, oh, we need to, that. They're all, they're all on a kick where they wanna, and, and I'm talking girls and guys both wanna get fit and, oh, we, we need to look good and I was like, all right. Well, your first step is to quit soda. Well, yeah, and by quitting soda, I meant drink water. I guess I should have specified. I meant drink water because they all quit the soda. But instead of sugary carbonated beverages, they've just switched to sugary, non carbonated beverages. That wasn't the point. The point was it shouldn't have the sugar. That's no good for you. Not, you know, the carbonation. I don't care about the carbonation. Honestly, I was stressing my daughter yesterday. She was like, because all we went to the doctors and she's like, can I get a coffee at, at, at mcdonald's? I was like, yeah, let's go get your sugary coffee beverages. She got mad at me. Don't have to fat shame me. I said I was not fat shaming you. I was not shaving. You did. I say you're fat and you need to lose weight. No, I never said that. I said let's get your sugary beverage. And you know, the reason I said that is because you guys are on a kick with wanting to be fit. I'm like, oh, she's a sensitive thing and I try so hard not to say anything that's going to, she's gonna misconstrue as me because it's not, I mean, I don't, you know, is she, he, yes, but she can't help it. Like she is working on it and the poor girls super active. But it's, it's literally part of, of a medical condition. Oh, that's a shame. Oh, it's, it's, it's hard. It, because, like I said, you know, self esteem at that age too, she's, she'll be [PHI-Personal] at the end of the summer here.
Patient: Yeah. That makes it hard too. Yeah. I know just at my age, like, the self esteem it's like, wow, I don't even feel like leaving the house and when I do, I just feel like everybody's looking at me, like, look how much weight she gained and, and just, like, trying to walk and the way the clothes fit, I can totally understand, you know, how she feels, how your daughter feels.
Nurse: Absolutely. And like I said, I, I try so hard not to insult her, make her think that I'm because I'm not judging her. I totally get it. Um, but, and she gets, she does, she gets frustrated and upset and very sensitive about it because I am like, 80 lbs lighter than she is and she just doesn't feel that that's right that mom. So I'm like, well, you know, I don't have the same medical issue that you have and I, I don't eat sugar and I do go to the gym every day and like, it's, uh, I actually have to make a concerted effort every day to eat like I should and to work out in order to not get heavy, I mean, that just, it tends to be a thing for our family as well.
Patient: Yeah.
Nurse: So, you know, I, I get it, it is frustrating and I still don't feel that I look like I should, with, with the amount of work I put into it. I feel like I should be a heck of a lot better looking than I am a lot more in shape. And I bet you're beautiful. Oh, thank you. That's what I was just thinking the other day because I had bronchitis here, like, 2.5 weeks ago. I was off work for half a week with no voice. I couldn't breathe. Oh, it was awful. It just, like, hit me out of nowhere and I haven't, haven't been able to go to the gym. Oh, boy, in the last three weeks I've gained eight lbs. I'm like, how is this even possible? I'm not even, I have been eating like a trash can, but I like to say, since I was sick, it was like, for whatever reason when I'm sick, my appetite goes through the roof. So. Oh,
Patient: Wow. Yeah, it's so hard and, and it's so easy to, to gain weight quick. You know, I can gain weight and, like, I could gain 5 to 7 lbs in a day.
Nurse: And, and I mean, that, that's, that's a lot of, of fluid, you know, a lot of water weight. But, but, yeah, when it goes up and it stays there and it doesn't come back down. Well, that's what I keep trying to tell myself as well. I'm like, well, yeah, PM si, am low. I mean, like, on my period I'm, I'm at, at least five lbs heavier than what I regularly am. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah, that's normal. Yeah, for sure. Yeah.
Nurse: And I, I always, I can always tell it takes a, it takes a day or two because, like, I start feeling like, oh, man, I look terrible. My stomach's huge. Just not, you know, like all my little insecurities. Um, you
Patient: Probably just feel that way from the, the water weight. It
Nurse: Is. Yeah. And then I realize eventually. Oh, yeah, it's gonna be a couple of days here and I'm gonna get,
Patient: Then you'll be back to normal.
Nurse: Yes. Yeah. So, I mean, you know, I'm like, hang in there.
Patient: It's such a pain. Oh, I can't stand it.
Nurse: Oh, it's, it is. It's, and, and I, like I said, I, I get it. I really do. I mean, I've struggled, um, up and down for years, years, I've struggled with it and that's just because like I said, we're, we're my family, the women seem to be genetically predisposed to being heavier. Um, so I get it, I've been heavier. I've been lighter. I've been, you know, it's, it's, it's just, it is. It's hard, it's hard to maintain any of it really. Because, like, if I would let myself, if I would not work out, if I would eat what I would like to eat. Um, iii, I, I'd be huge. I probably couldn't move. Uh, yeah,
Patient: That would be me too because I could just eat like, cupcakes, junk candy, ice cream. I could live on ice cream.
Nurse: Yeah. And like I said, like, very rarely And, and I don, I haven't completely eliminated sugar from my diet. I will have things from time to time only because for me, I found that when I totally eliminate something I tend to then binge, I just don't. Ow. But, like, I eat very, very little sugar, um, and not regularly at all. And every now and again, usually when IP MS, you know, you start with the cravings. Oh, I need something sweet. I need that. But I'll tell you what, I usually will take a bite or two of it. And I'm like, oh, my gosh. Yeah, that's, that's more than enough it too, you know? And, and I'm done. That's
Patient: It. Yeah. Yeah, that's good that you can do that
Nurse: In the, in the past. Now. That's like I said, just been since I, I've cut way, way back and almost eliminated the sugar in the past. I've always, I've always had a sweet tooth. I can't, I'm not somebody who can just have a soda here and there because once I have a soda, even though it, it is disgustingly sweet. My body's like, oh, man, I really like that flavor. How about we go back? And so it's, you know, oh, I'll have a soda once a week. Well, oh, you know what? It was a hard day I'm gonna have, you know, just part of the, yeah, I know. And then it just, it's viral. So I know that that is something that I have to stay away from. It's not something that I can, you know, indulging from time to time other than, like, every now and then if we go out to eat or something, I'll be like, oh, yeah, I'm gonna get a soda, be very careful after that though because it is, it's so easy to fall back into those habits. Yeah,
Patient: That's for sure. Oh, boy. Unfortunately. Huh.
Nurse: Absolutely. But, yeah. Um, but as far as the knee pain goes and all of that with the Metformin, try to hang in there with, for me, uh, uh, the [PHI-Personal] should be on its way. Ok. They did send that too, the, to Caremark and, and because like I said, I was looking at the triages and that was definitely sent over, that was sent today. So you should be getting that here very soon. Um, and then do that, but definitely continue to take this in the levothyroxine. Um, like, if that's, I, I can almost guarantee that that is not what's causing your knee pain. And, you know, it is something that you do definitely need, especially, you know, that's gonna help with weight loss as well when you don't have enough thyroid hormone. Um, you, you don't, you don't lose weight, you just gain weight. So that makes a big difference as well. And, and I mean, I take, I take actually 25 micrograms of [PHI-Personal] a day levothyroxine. And after I started taking that, I actually was able to make a little bit of progress in weight loss. Whereas before uh there was, it didn't matter, like I said, I was working out every day watching what I was eating being super careful and it just, the weight was not going anywhere. It was like, no, if anything, I'd gain a pound here and there and I'm like, I can't do that. Why, why is this happening to me? But yeah.
Patient: So, yeah, so frustrating. Oh my goodness.
Nurse: Yeah, it's, it. You're fighting a losing battle if your thyroid isn't working and you're trying to lose weight. Oh,
Patient: Wow. Oh, thank you for letting me know about that. I think it did start when I took the Metformin because I think I got that first and I remember I, we went over to um and I thought maybe I just like walked, not a lot, I didn't walk a lot because, you know, I can't walk that good, but I just thought maybe it was like getting in and out of the car a couple of times and going in the store a little ways, I thought, wow, my knees are killing me. But I think it was from maybe the Metformin. I hope that [PHI-Personal] won't do that same thing.
Nurse: It should not. No. Metformin is one that, that typically does have a lot of side effects.
Patient: Um,
Nurse: Yeah, people do tend to have a rough time with, with Metformin and like I said, I know right now we're dealing with that with my daughter. Um just uh a and like I said, and it's a, it's a daily fight. It's like, and usually with those things, if you do keep taking them, your body does adjust and, and you know, we do those side effects go away. It's just they are kind of miserable and most people don't wanna suffer through them. Unfortunately, for my kids, she doesn't have a choice because I'm her mother and saying, oh no, I'm dizzy. I'm like, all right, well, eat something and take your pill. I don't know what to tell you kids, it will get better. But like I said yesterday at her appointment, they did switch her over to the extended release version. So hopefully that does help and it does seem to help like especially with those kind of nau nausea symptoms and everything. Um Yeah, so, but yeah, hang in there and like the [PHI-Personal] should not cause the like I said, the most, the thing with [PHI-Personal] are usually stomach related and a lot of times in the beginning that's how people start to lose weight. Is it, it, it just cuts back. You have no real desire to eat. Um,
Patient: I can handle that.
Nurse: Absolutely. And so it's, it's, you know, it is
Patient: Nice, but that sounds good and,
Nurse: And then, you know, obviously along with the weight loss, the, the knees will start to feel better because you're gonna be carrying around less weight. That does make a huge difference. Um, somebody is, I also have arthritis. I've, I've had it since I was [PHI-Personal] when I've been heavier. It's so much worse. My joints, my knees, my hips, uh, they hurt so much worse and, and continuously as opposed to when I am exercising and my weight is down, I notice like a massive, massive difference. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah, that's not sure. Yeah, I just feel like my knees are just gonna like snap off. They hurt. I, I mean, I never had so much pain and I've had so many surgeries and none of them compared to this pain in my knees. Oh. Oh, well, thank you so much. I really appreciate you helping me the
Nurse: Best. Thank you. That's no problem.
Patient: You folks there are so great. I'm so happy and blessed to have you girls there to help me. Thank
Nurse: You. Oh, thank you. Am I?
Patient: Oh, I appreciate you and I really appreciate you giving me that information. Thank you. Oh, you're
Nurse: Very welcome. And you know, obviously, if you need anything at any point in time you call.
Patient: Ok. I will definitely thank you so much.
Nurse: You're welcome. And like I said, hang in there and hopefully we get this [PHI-Personal] and that'll make all the difference.