Nurse: Speaking of that, it looks like it says it was denied. The seat cover is not, is not covered by the insurance,
Patient: The seat covers,
Nurse: The toilet seat, it's not covered by insurance, the elevated toilet, right. That's what it says. I'm reading a note right now. I'm not exactly sure why they denied it but
Patient: I know, I know but they had sent me this, they didn't send me the wrong one the first time. And, uh, that one that they sent me, that was for me to poop on it. Right. Yeah. And the one I needed was for the one for the toilet itself
Nurse: To slide over the toilet.
Patient: Yeah, because the, the, the, the issue that I'm having is when I, when I, when I go to get up it's too low. Yeah, exactly. So, it has both, uh, both, uh, arm rest on the side so I can push myself up, you know? Right. Right. But you're saying that the insurance don't cover
Nurse: It? Yeah, I was reading the notes because I can see that the referral was put in, uh, [PHI-Personal] twe oh, excuse me first. And then I went down and there's a note that they put in today around 2 15. Uh, it was denied elevated toilet seat is not covered by XXinsurance. So I'm not, I'm pretty sure they'll follow up with you and let you know why I'm not, I'm not sure from just reading the notes but
Patient: Right, unless they, unless they're very expensive, you know, they don't like to pay for the expensive stuff. Right. Uh I need to find out how much, how much is, uh, it's actually cost I may have to spend, spend, you know, pay it out of pocket. Oh, all right, I'll I'll look it up on [PHI-Personal] and see what and see what they got. Ok. You know what's that sound in the background on the phone? It sounds like if you was at, if he was at the gym, you know when you, when you when, when uh your sneakers rub against the uh the basketball court. Oh, it's
Nurse: The it's the smoke detector, the batteries need to be changed.
Patient: Ok. Alright. Well, I appreciate you man.
Nurse: 01 other thing um the device the BP machine we're gonna send out a new one for you. Ok.
Patient: Awesome. Awesome sounds good and what do I do with the other one? Should I uh keep it most