Nurse: Yeah, it sounds like you got a few things going on. Not really just like one main cause it, I mean it sounds like divertic
Patient: Flare up. That
Nurse: Stress could contribute as well as if you're bending over a lot that could also contribute to your back pain. Oh,
Patient: We've been doing,
Nurse: Yeah, I know you've been really at it with moving and everything. Um Can you verify your birthday for me real quick? I meant to ask that earlier
Patient: But yeah, sure. It's [PHI-Account].
Nurse: Great. Um And did
Patient: You uh did
Nurse: You do uh yeah, I already got you pulled up and everything. I just, we just have to um have you been following the discharge instructions she gave you or like, you know, the after care instructions she gave you with like preventing future attacks with the fiber that you
Patient: Know. Yeah, I usually do that but you know, I don't, I can't do much fiber because I have so many pockets down there, you know. I try to do things like beans and, well, I can't, I never, I haven't been corn for 2030 years. I can't eat nuts. I can't, you know, so a lot of the good fiber stuff I can't eat, I have peanut butter to make up for not having, um, nuts, you know? And I have that quite often. I eat hummus because I can't eat the beans too good. Um, usually
Nurse: They say that it, the fiber helps. Um, it says you maybe it'll lower your risk of by eating a high fiber diet, like 20 g a day to 35 g a day of XXfiber because it cleans out the pouches that already exist. You think
Patient: It, uh, because I, I've always had that an attack afterwards. That's what I, when I eat meat, I can't eat red meat and I had some meat a couple months ago. That's what started off this, uh, because it doesn't process unless I eat the Metamucil every day. And I usually only eat that. I mean, I usually only take that maybe once every week or two, you know. Yeah, because fiber helps
Nurse: Clean and prevent. So it's like fresh foods edible peeling. So like apples or I usually
Patient: Apples every day too. I just haven't had the fruit lately because I used, have blueberries every morning and then I have apple in the afternoon and, um, sometimes I have, um, uh, what else do I eat fruit? I even get a piece of a couple pieces of orange or, um, tangerine during the day sometimes. Uh, the strawberries with the blueberries, you know, we've been cooking a little bit but not, yeah, I have a special k cereal, you know. And, uh, yeah, so, you know, I eat what I can eat. Yeah. And I don't
Nurse: Know. What else have you had, like, a temperature or anything like that? A
Patient: Couple times. I felt like I was warm but it's packed up. My throat is packed up, you know. So I just took, uh Tylenol once or twice. Now, last night, my whole stomach up to my chest was hurting and I got, I got up and I took a, I, I got a whole aspirin and just put it under my tongue and let it dissolve and then I drank some more water. Even have I had take, uh, vinegar and warm water at night when my stomach is bothering me and I did sleep for a couple hours. But then I mhm. [PHI-Personal] cider vinegar with warm water.
Nurse: That would feel like that would make any kind of heartburn or anything like that worse.
Patient: It usually takes everything right out and sometimes it gives me, you know, then I go to diarrhea but today it's nothing. I just, you know. Yeah. But this, you know, my stomach doesn't feel bad, bad. Today, I've had, um, an English muffin. Uh, one half, just plain, the other half with peanut butter on it. I had a cup of tea. I've had about a bottle of water. But, um, what else? And I, my stomach feels not too bad. It's just my back bothering me right now. So I don't know whether it's just weight.
Nurse: I know you took an aspirin. Have you taken like ibuprofen or?
Patient: I don't, usually, don't take anything but a Tylenol. I usually take a Tylenol at night, but then I also take the Zyrtec, I take the, uh, magnesium, I take the statin and,
Nurse: Or heating pad
Patient: That's packed up. Oh, bless. I'm not even gonna fight it for another two or three months after I get moved.
Nurse: If you have like, um, you can always warm up a rag. Um, like get it wet and warm it up in the microwave just for a little bit. Um, and then, you know, make sure it's not hot enough to burn you. But then use that as like a impromptu heating pad for quick relief.
Patient: Yeah, I'll try it for a little while. Just, I've been laying down for the past couple of hours and I know I'm in my head, I'm going over all the stuff I need to get up and start doing like, five days. Sounds
Nurse: Like moving around a lot. Can also really contribute to back pain too. Yeah.
Patient: May, maybe it's just, you know, too much stuff but, and he's tired too. So I hate to ask him to keep doing everything. So, yeah.
Nurse: Did you, whenever you had the diarrhea going on, did you do like Imodium or anything like that? Did you? It sounds like you did the right thing. I
Patient: Wanted to get that but then I said no, am I gonna mask just what's going on? Because I figured, you know, the one, well, this weekend we had the house under contract last week and then by Friday, Friday or Saturday, it felt the, by Friday the contract fell through. So I think Friday or Saturday, we stayed in the house the rest of the day and I must have ate half a pound of chocolate, you know, and I just was eating everything chocolate that I, you know, whatever, it's comfort food and I knew I was gonna pay for it because usually what I'll do, I mean, I get, uh, I don't know what you call them, but the boils, you know what I mean? I get them all in my crotch area all the time if I eat fatty foods and especially if I eat chocolate. And, uh, so, ok, but it just so, but I haven't had any chocolate since then and, uh, since the weekend. But I mean, today I haven't had any diarrhea, just mostly air. I feel like I gotta go like I'm gonna go to the bathroom on myself any time. But then when I go, I'm just, I'm just urinating, I'm just peeing. I'm not doing anything else. So, but there's nothing in my stomach really for it to come out anyway. Got you. So, yeah, tell her just, I mean, she could just tell me, just hang in there. I, I'll use the heating pad. See how that feels. I haven't done any work today. Just I, I'll kind of
Nurse: Give him that update. Keep on with that diet. You know, the brat diet. I look that you're doing,
Patient: Um, re diet is what, what is that? Just say that again.
Nurse: Diet is rice.
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. I don't eat bananas. I eat rice. I have to cook it.
Nurse: We die
Patient: Basically. We're not cooking too much anymore. And BR A is for what? [PHI-Personal],
Nurse: Like apple sauce. Hold on. Let me pull it up.
Patient: Yeah. [PHI-Personal] sauce. I don't know, the last time I gave you about a month or so ago, um, II, I didn't send this to her either. Uh, twice this year. I've had, um, and I ate apple sauce that day and it didn't, I don't know, sometimes the jar, the container just doesn't look perfect to me. But anyway, I ate it but within three hours or so my lips started swelling up and my lip swelled up to like four times the size and it stays like that for like a weekend doesn't hurt, it doesn't go down to my throat. But it's just, you know, and it's the second time it happened to me this year. This always happened like on a Friday probably. Or, you know, so it's over the weekend and then by Monday I, I can send you a picture of what it looks like. You can,
Nurse: I'll take your word for it. So I
Patient: Haven't had any apple sauce since, of fact, I guess I, my last pack I had that, I just gave it to, I said take this because I'm afraid to eat it. So, anyway, but I got fresh apples. Yeah. And, uh, but maybe
Nurse: Something in the packaging or, you know, processing of apple sauce. But, yeah,
Patient: That's the other. Like, if I don't have fresh fruit, I have apple sauce are usually, uh, I buy the, no sugar, uh, diced peaches. I eat fresh peach when I can, but I got one down there now. It's probably going bad. It's been over two weeks. It's been down in my refrigerator. But, uh, I don't know what else. I, I don't eat bananas. Um, that's about it. Yeah. So I was gonna have some blueberries today but I don't know whether to take a chance or not. I think I'm gonna try them. I used to have blueberries every morning almost. So did I an issue. Yeah. Oh, no, no, no,
Nurse: No, no, I was reading, sorry. All right. Well, yeah, I'll, I'll kind of update her and let her know what's happening. Um, keep up with the diet though. And if you need, if you're having diarrhea, take the Imodium um, increase your fiber, but it never
Patient: Lasts more than a day, day and a half and then it's gone. So, do I take it and then not take it?
Nurse: And the Imodium is not going to affect you for more than a day at most. Like it's going to affect you for a few hours.
Patient: Oh, ok. Ok. Right. I just threw some away, but I'll buy another one when we were packing, we clean out the cabinet. I said throw that away.