Nurse: Ok, because I was, uh, giving you a call back. I wasn't sure if, if you were doing,
Patient: I was returning your call from yesterday. Oh, ok.
Nurse: I wanted to check in and make sure you were breathing ok with this weather system coming through and that everything was kind of staying status quo as we go into the weekend.
Patient: Yeah. Um, I've been pretty much staying inside so it's so hard to go out and so Tuesday I have to go down to [PHI-Personal], let's see. Doctor, um, uh, [PHI-Personal]. So,
Nurse: And, um, I'm, I'm sorry, remind me again who doctor [PHI-Personal] is. He's what? He's my
Patient: Orthopedic surgeon. Ok. Ok. So, uh, I've been ready to chew my arm off for three months now. It took me that long to get an appointment with him. I know he's a busy man, but he's worth it. Just have, I've either got arthritis or bursitis or torn rotator cuff or something. I, I don't know. I have to go down and see him and see what he says. Ok.
Nurse: All right. Well, I'm glad he got, you're finally getting into that appointment. That's fantastic. Hopefully he'll give you some, um, some good information and, uh, we'll, we'll get that once he sends it once he completes it and we can review it with you. And that way Doctor [PHI-Personal] and him can be on the same page. Um, I see that your medication refills went through. Were you able to
Patient: Pick those up? Yes, thank God, I was. So, I was so worried. You cannot believe I've been on these medications over 12 years and you cannot believe that he, I've been through back and forth over those 12 years. The, the changes first, it was ok for the doctor to call them in. Then the doctor couldn't call them in. I had to come to the office and pick them up every month. So I did that and then, um, they would send them in but you, you had X amount of days to do this and X amount of days to do that. And, oh my, it's just been one thing after another, after another and, you know, when I, if I get my prescriptions on the 10th, for example, um, I know. So the next month I'm gonna need to get them on the 10th or the government will let you have them two days before. So, it would be like the eight. So I have to factor in, you know, the weekends, the holidays, if the drugstore is gonna be open or closed on a certain day for a holiday, I have to fact all of that in so I can make the call so I can get the prescriptions every month. Mm.
Nurse: I fully understand that and I wish I could make it better, but unfortunately I'm
Patient: Just happy. It's one,
Nurse: One or two bad people ruined it for everybody.
Patient: I'm glad I was so worried that I was gonna go through hell again when, um, when you, uh, said you could, um, send that prescription in and I appreciate it very much. We
Nurse: Can do that every month if that would help you.
Patient: Yeah. There's times when I have the doctors called it in and maybe the drug stores out of the, out of the product that too. Oh, my God. So, now I try to at least get it to the drugstore four days before I need it. Yeah, that's good because everybody needs, you know, a chance to do what they gotta do.
Nurse: Yeah. We normally say a week but with the, with the controlled substances, I think our max is like, five days with that.
Patient: Oh, ok. So, well, it doesn't matter because the drug store isn't gonna fill it. Anyway until they can.
Nurse: No, I just, we always like to let them that way. If they need to order it, they get the order and they can order it so they can fill it right
Patient: Away is, yeah, there's been times when the staff, not the current one, the staff didn't get around to sending it in. I mean, I'm telling you, I have been all over the place with these medications for 12 years and it is frustrating.
Nurse: I can imagine. Well, if we can make it a little bit easier for you, we'll, we'll, um, I'll put you down, um, for the 15th of every month, um, to make sure that we, we check in and get that done for you. Ok. Ok.
Patient: Thank you very much.
Nurse: I might need a, I might need a reminder call for the first two months. So. Ok, in,
Patient: I would, I'm, I'm gonna call myself, um, I will either call you or I can't call the office anymore because they won't take anybody's calls. So, um, what's with that? What's up with that?
Nurse: I have no idea. I haven't heard back. I know that, um, I believe there was a problem with the phone system a little bit last week. Um, so maybe it was just that, uh, but I know they have been very busy over there lately, which is 11 of the things we're trying to help them out with and kind of take some of the stuff off their plate so that they aren't so busy and they can do a few more things.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: Oh jeez. Sorry I just got hit in the face by a stink bug.
Patient: Are they out again?
Nurse: They are out again? I just gotta throw this guy out the window. Oh I I don't do spiders. I don't do stink bugs and I don't do flies.
Patient: Yeah, me either.
Nurse: Sorry about that.
Patient: Uh I used to grab the stink bug bug and put him in a tissue and flush them down the toilet. So. All right. Thank you.
Nurse: Alright. Well if anything changes, you give us a
Patient: Call. Ok, I will. Thank you so much. You're welcome. Have a great weekend. You too. Bye bye bye bye.
