Nurse: Oh no, I hope everybody is ok.
Patient: Uh pretty much he is. Yeah.
Nurse: Ok, so I wanted to just update you here on the [PHI-Personal]. So we are um office is working there here with our rep um to help cover the repatha. Um one of the things we did get in touch and um and [PHI-Personal] has been working with our rep and one of the things we had to do was we had to order the medication, go through the insurance and get everything approved and prior authorizations completed. Um so then he the rep can help with the cost and everything. So as of yester or of the [PHI-Personal], I should say sorry got my days mixed up. Um the prior office of [PHI-Personal] was approved. Um,
Patient: I already had it approved. I guess I should have told you that. See, I was working with my cardiologist. Mhm. And he, he had suggested I get on it like, five years ago or so I thought with the insurance company for a while and then I gave up. So when I was there several months ago, he suggested again, I said, well, I, I, it's, it's too difficult to deal with them. He, oh, we have somebody on staff now that they'll help you. I said, ok, that, that'd be great. Well, that never out, I could never get the person. They're so big. You can't, she didn't have a phone number. I can directly call and talk to her is everything through the portal. And I thought she was doing something, six weeks went by. I got a notice from her. Oh, I've been out on medical leave. I said, well, nobody let me know. So in the meantime, I saw my cardiologist and I told him, I said, you know, this has been no help. And he said, well, let me try and hook you up with a couple other people. One was a pharmacist. And well, I mean, I had to, I had the [PHI-Personal] approved but the cost was too much. It was gonna be like 2 17 a month. So it had already been sent in my drug company approved, but it, it was too much. So the pharmacist suggested, um the vo vo, have you heard of that?
Nurse: I'm not familiar with that one. I would have to do some more research on that.
Patient: Well, it's one, they, you get a shot, you get another 13 months later and then you go up to a year before you get another one. So once it's established, you only get it twice a year, but you go into an injection site for that one, You don't give it yourself. So he said because of that, it would be covered under my medical, which my medical has always been excellent. I guess my drug coverage is not so good that the medical part has been excellent. So, uh he was working on that and I, I don't know where that's at. I mean, I was trying everything, you know, just to see if I could get anything that I could get affordably.
Nurse: Ok. Um, so I would, uh, if, wouldn't be a bad idea to find out what maybe things have changed with [PHI-Personal] because uh we get an estimated cost shown on our end and the estimated cost is showing between zero and a dollar.
Patient: Oh, that would be fantastic. But that's not the case. They, yeah.
Nurse: Pardon me? Uh I, that doesn't seem accurate but it, um, it
Patient: Could be, be, my daughter gets it. My daughter gets it for $5 a month but she's on commercial insurance. They tell me because I'm on Medicare but they're not paying a damn cent towards my drugs. But because I'm on Medicare, I'm not eligible for like the discount. So for me, it already went to my pharmacist pay at Walmart in [PHI-Geographic], went to the pharmacist. I went in there. He said it'll be $217 and some cents.
Nurse: But that was then this new X we sent in, that's what they said.
Patient: No, no, this is what happened a couple months ago.
Nurse: Ok, a couple months ago. Right? So it'll be the same year coverage. Got it. All right.
Patient: So I can't see that anything would have changed. But
Nurse: All right. Yeah, let me, what I can do is I can send a message back to [PHI-Personal] say that's what's going on and see if there's any way she can, um, continue working with this drug rep and see if we can get you a lower price. Now, where, where do you stand with this? La la vo?
Patient: I know this whole thing just been a thinking mess from the get go. I had no idea. The pharmacist told me that I should be able to get it covered under my medical coverage. Um, uh, uh, uh, if I get it covered under my medical coverage, it won't be any cost. But, uh, he said he gave my name and phone number to the injection site and they would be in touch with me. That's probably been a couple weeks. I haven't heard anything from them. So I also got something, the drug company that said my prescription for VO has been approved under my part D uh ju coverage, which isn't what we were gone for. And if that would be the case, it would be a huge amount because that shots every 3000 each time. So I really don't know where we're at. I sent a message through the portal to the pharmacist again yesterday to say, you know what, what's going on? He didn't call me, you know, anything more. So I'll see if he gets back to me today.
Nurse: Ok. All right.
Patient: It sounds like a mess. That's because it is. I, I'm trying to get anything I can get. That'll work for me and I can afford. So I'm pursuing all avenues right now.
Nurse: Understandable. I definitely understand that it does sound like uh quite a bit of a headache for you. And I'm so sorry you're having to go through all of this just to get medication.
Patient: Um My daughter had to go through nothing. They took, she went to [PHI-Geographic] and they just took care of everything for her. Yeah, to do that. And on the phone, on the portal. Well, I'm frustrated anyhow.
Nurse: Unfortunately, that's the difference between private health insurance and government health insurance. I wish there was a easier solution to this.
Patient: Um Yeah, what I don't understand is they keep telling me, you know, I'm getting government benefits not for my drugs. I'm not, I'm paying another couple $100 a month for, you know, ju and supplemental coverage. So I don't get it.
Nurse: There's so much when it comes to Medicare insurance that I do not understand. Um, let us keep working with the rep on this and, and see, see if we can help you out. Ok.
Patient: Ok. I mean, I take what I can get, I, I, you know, uh, so far I really have nothing concrete. So,
Nurse: Yeah, and I mean, if you hear anything back on that qui let us know as well, um, but since we got, since we have the approval, we can continue with the, um, with the rep here and see if they have any programs or any assistance that we can get you signed up for.
Patient: Uh, that'd be great. I'm just afraid to be with, like on the company site, you know, you can get a $5 copay card but not if you're on Medicare. Mhm. So, I don't know if they'll be able to do anything different or not. Yeah. So
Nurse: They won't unless we at least try and ask. So let, let us that on the end and if you find anything new out on the, you give us a call. Ok.
Patient: Yeah, I mean, if it's under my medical and I have, you know, it's totally covered then definitely that'd be the way to go.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, definitely understand and agree with you on that aspect. I just, I wanted to let you know where we were at.
Patient: Ok. Well, good. You're working on it. The last person they hooked me up with my cardiologist. I didn't see them actually do anything in, like, about two months period.
Nurse: Yeah. So I did, I didn't wanna leave you hanging.
Patient: No, I appreciate it.
Nurse: Mm. You're welcome. Is everything else going ok for you? Is there anything else I can help you out with?
Patient: Mm. No, no, everything's good.
Nurse: All right. Well, let me um work on this here before everybody leaves for the weekend and I will let you know where we end up. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Sounds good.
Nurse: All right. Well, you have a good weekend.
Patient: Thanks. You too.
Nurse: Thank you. Mm bye bye
Patient: Bye.
