Nurse: Ok. Well, I got your message about needing that traMADol refilled. I'll go ahead and send that message over to Doctor [PHI-Personal]. Um and just to verify you want that sent to Food City Pharmacy.
Patient: Yeah, that's where my son in law works and I didn't realize that he, that they had a pharmacy in their store. I would have had the other. Yeah. Ok.
Nurse: Well, I'll, I'll send, I'll let her know that's where we need it sent to. Um and then I wanted to check and just see. I know you spoke with [PHI-Personal] last week. I was on vacation. But how are you doing in regards to the UTI I know Doctor [PHI-Personal] um extend. Go ahead.
Patient: Yeah, and I finished the uh tonight I will finish the last dose of it the seven days. Ok. So, uh, yeah, and it's doing fine. I'm doing fine. Ok. Yeah. And my bones aren't hurting as bad since little, uh, blood transfusion. So,
Nurse: That's wonderful. I'm glad to hear that you're feeling better there because I know that being anemic that will really take it out of you. It just make your whole body feel
Patient: Miserable. It does. Well, not, I can't say I miserable. It's just, uh, you know, I could, I have a hard time keeping my eyes open. I'm just tired. So, um,
Nurse: So you'll be coming, you'll be flying back in to [PHI-Geographic], you said on the fourth? Is that right?
Patient: Yeah, at midnight on the fourth. So it'd be into the morning on the. Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. All right. Well, I will check in on you after you get home. I'll give you some time to get settled because I know you're probably gonna be exhausted from your flight the next day. But I will, uh, make a note of that and then I'll check in on you and just, we'll see how everything's going. Um, when you get back home. Ok.
Patient: And my daughter's flying back with me and then she'll just come back home on the Monday after. So, um, that, that's their choice. I told them I could do it alone but they said no. Right. Not right now. Yeah, I
Nurse: Think that's a good decision that you have somebody there with you just to be on the safe side
Patient: In case the flight gets delayed or something.
Nurse: Absolutely. So many different variables with flying. But um, I will keep you updated on the prescription. If there's any issues getting that sent, I'll get it sent over right now. Ok. Ok.
Patient: Real good. Thank you so much. And I hope you had a wonderful vacation.
Nurse: I sure did. I enjoyed spending time with my babies. It was we, we had a lot of fun. Yes, ma'am.
Patient: Wonderful. Well, you have a great evening and weekend. I
Nurse: Sure will. Thank you, Miss and I'll speak with you soon. Ok.
Patient: Bye bye. Bye
Nurse: Bye.
