Nurse: That's what the, what's so great about the services, you know, you might be good for a month or two and then God forbid you have a fall or your BP starts going a little crazy one month and we're here for you for that. Any questions concerns you have, we can do that. Ok. Um, now one of the things I do always like to do is go through your medications and make sure that the list that we have in, um, is up to date, um, doctor is not with you P MC anymore. So if you have specialists, it doesn't come directly over, we have to physically put them in. So I always like to confirm all that. If I read off this uh list, would you be able to tell me if you're taking it or not? Sure. All right. So I have atorvastatin 20 mg at night.
Patient: The atorvastatin. Wait a minute here. Yes. Yeah, I have that
Nurse: Perfect. Then I have an amLODIPine five mg a day. Mhm. Yep. Perfect metoprolol tartrate 50 mg twice a day. Right? Furosemide 20 mg as needed for leg swelling. Yes. Mhm. Ok. How often are you taking that? Are you taking it
Patient: Regularly? No. No. Uh, I don't only when I really need it.
Nurse: I always like to ask because sometimes they can say as needed and I've asked patients before and they said, oh, yeah, I take that every day because I need it. I'm like, ok, well, that's
Patient: Fine. I'd be in the bathroom every day. Yeah, I'm sure you would. Yeah, I only take it when I really need it.
Nurse: Ok. And that's like in once, twice a month or a few times a
Patient: Week, uh, it says take one tablet by mouth in the morning as needed. Yeah. So, how
Nurse: Did you need it at all in
Patient: [PHI-Personal]? No. No, I haven't taken that for months. Oh, well,
Nurse: That's good. I'd like, that's fantastic. That's a good sign. Yeah. Um, and then I have the Azithromycin 500 mg. You're taking four of those one hour before dentist appointment.
Patient: You know what, when I took that I got so sick so I cannot take that anymore. I went in [PHI-Personal] or February for my check up and everything was ok. And I got so sick in the waiting room and when it was over I had diarrhea. So, just last month I went in to get a tooth filled. So I had to take this and uh the same thing happened, the longer I waited out in the waiting room, the sicker I got. So they took, took me back in a room and gave me some pretzels and stuff like that to eat and some water and waited till I felt better before they even stuck a needle in my jaw. So I really can't take that. I was always used to taking amoxicillin for that because I have two artificial knees and uh so and an artificial hip. So um let me send
Nurse: This over to, I will send a note over to doctor [PHI-Personal] and let him know you, you had a bad reaction that you're gonna need something else for next time, right?
Patient: Yeah, that was good.
Nurse: OK. And the last one I have here is your Citalopram 20 mil
Patient: That. Yeah. Yeah.
Nurse: OK. And do you feel like that's working well for you? You're happy with that?
Patient: Yes, I am. Yeah. All right. And
Nurse: Um now I do see here you have the dia you do have a diagnosis of um anxiety. Uh So you feel like that the Citalopram is helping with that to keeping it under control you, you or do you feel like it could be working better?
Patient: No. Uh my husband had passed away almost 2.5 years ago and I, I get upset because I'm missing. So much and, uh, this seems to help so, and it's getting better.
Nurse: Yeah. I mean, when, when your spouse dies you lose a part of yourself.
Patient: Yeah. Is that
Nurse: We would expect you to have a reaction along those lines. If you don't, then I would be very worried
Patient: About you. Yeah, definitely. Because we were married [PHI-Personal] years. So, yeah.
Nurse: Yeah, that, that's the whole part of yourself
Patient: There. Oh, my goodness. All right. Well,
Nurse: That's how I'm glad that is working for you. Um, should some things change? I know the state of the world is, um, a bit topsy turfy and it is making a lot of people's anxiety a little bit worse. Um, should anything along those lines happen or you have any problems or concerns we are here to help you with that as well.
Patient: That sounds good to me. Yeah,
Nurse: We do have, um, now we can't change your medication. We have a lot of extra, a lot of other, you know, techniques, relaxation, meditation. Um, you know, hobbies, we have a lot of, uh, information that we can help maybe do in addition to the medication. Should it get to a point where it gets a little bit stronger doctor can change the medication. Um, just like we're gonna get him to change this, uh, Zithromycin to something else. So that's always an option is if you're having side effects on anything or if something changes, let us know it could be a quick, quick, simple fix like that. Um, we are here between eight and 4 30 every day, except for weekends
Patient: At [PHI-Geographic].
Nurse: Now, I am gonna send you out a letter in the mail with my name. I'm the main, I'm the main nurse that's gonna be calling you with office as well as our phone number. The phone number you called in comes directly to me. There's no computers or anything. If I am on the phone, you will get the voice mail and I'll give you a call right back.
Patient: Ok. Well, that sounds good.
Nurse: Any, um, any concerns with your BP or your weight or any swelling that you're having?
Patient: No, not that I know of. I try to keep busy and I've been going out to lunch with, I used to work at the [PHI-Geographic] and I have some girls that we meet every month for lunch and it's whenever we don't get thrown out of the re restaurant. But,
Nurse: Ok, that's, that's good. That's a really good thing.
Patient: And then I make, uh, my own greeting cards. So, that's my hobby. Good. Yeah, I go to classes too, so, I'm out and about perfect.
Nurse: Well, just, you know, make sure you're staying healthy
Patient: And I am. Yeah, I wear a mask when I go out. So. All right. Well, that sounds
Nurse: Good to me. Um, everything's looking good on my end. Um, this is just a general um, get to know your call normally. Uh, so then we'll go more in depth, um, next month, I'll put you on a call, follow up with you in about a month and we'll go through a few more things then and, but in the meantime, give us a call, if anything changes.
Patient: Ok, I will do that. What was your first name? Oh, it's a different name.
Nurse: It's a, yeah, it's a native American name. My family was from [PHI-Geographic].
Patient: Oh. Hm. Well, it was nice talking to you and, uh, appreciate you all the information you gave me. So, no problem.
Nurse: All right. So I will get this note over to Doctor [PHI-Personal]. If he has any other questions or concerns, we'll reach back out. Um, but he'll, I'll ask him to send an alternative, um, antibiotic to the pharmacy. Now, do you have any upcoming dental procedures that we should be aware of? No, no. Ok. So, um, I'll have him send an alternative over to pharmacy, right? Just in case then for when you do need it. Ok.
Patient: All right. Thank you so much.
Nurse: You're welcome. You have a great
Patient: Day. Ok. You too. Thank you. Bye bye bye bye.
