Nurse: Do you feel better or you're not feeling better?
Patient: Keeps coming on and off. You know, if I don't eat or do eat, I have heartburn but that's not the simple thing.
Nurse: Ok. Well, I wanna let them know. Um, and how are you doing with the smoking?
Patient: Good. Um, stop for a couple of days, like you said. So
Nurse: Did it work or help or? It sounds like you're still coughing?
Patient: Yeah. Ok. In here is not even touching that, like,
Nurse: Ok. Um, stop smoking sounds, sounds,
Patient: [PHI-Personal]
Nurse: Her and g ok, continues to cough.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: Unfortunately I just wanna make them aware and I mean, that is, are you working today or anything or? Uh?
Patient: Yeah. Ok. Um, that's why I was calling you. I
Nurse: Figured, yeah, I was like, she's probably working. You're not any better. Um, she still has heartburn even though, I mean, even though you watch what she eats, right.
Patient: Yes, I do. I still watch what I eat. [PHI-Personal]
Nurse: What she eats. The albuterol inhaler is not helping as well.
Patient: No, I mean, like touching,
Nurse: Uh, even touching her, um, make, it's not even, so it's not even making your cough or shortness of breath on exert, like, with activity
Patient: It shut it down just a little bit but it's not like touching it.
Nurse: Yeah, I still hear you coughing though. Um, CRE reports. Um, because it's supposed to help you fastly. You know what I mean? Because that's why it's a rescue inhaler. Um,
Patient: Who can I get a, please? No. Oh God,
Nurse: You getting a burger today?
Patient: Yeah. Well, it's, uh, appreciation Day. So.
Nurse: Oh, that's wonderful. Good. Um, yeah, that albuterol is used to prevent and treat difficulty breathing, wheezing short of breath, cough, you know, for the COPD, um, it's supposed to open up your air pass just to make you breathe better. But I could see that's not helping you right now. Um, as well. Ok. I'll definitely send a message to the office. Any other symptoms? No, just the same thing. Um, you just don't feel any better. Um,
Patient: No, just a, ok. No, thank you.
Nurse: Ok. And let me see if there's anything else I had to ask you. What time do you start work at early or,
Patient: Uh, I start work at six o'clock in the morning?
Nurse: Oh, all the time. [PHI-Personal] or [PHI-Personal],
Patient: [PHI-Account]
Nurse: [PHI-Account].
Patient: Ok. Ok.
Nurse: Ok. Um, if they have an open appointment tomorrow, will you be able to come in.
Patient: Yes, that's good
Nurse: Because, because you probably wanna get checked before, because you start school next week. Right?
Patient: Yes. On Monday.
Nurse: Ok. Um, ok. And I mean, you wanna, you wanna get your cough under control and shortness of breath before that, obviously, right? Um, ok, I'll see if there's anything available for tomorrow just so you can get your lungs assessed and stuff. Um, any wheezing. I didn't ask you that. No,
Patient: I haven't had no wheezing since this morning, but
Nurse: You had wheezing this morning
Patient: Too. It's always every morning I have a wheezing and then, and then when I wake up more and have my inhaler in the morning it the we are stuck.
Nurse: Ok. All right. All right. Well definitely I'll get this out too. I'm gonna see if there's anything available any time tomorrow. I don't know are you working
Patient: Or I mean I get up at [PHI-Account] but if they have them in the morning I just I know of time.
Nurse: Oh yeah. Ok. Um. Ok.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: Breathing and cough under control and you still have yellow phlegm.
Patient: Yes. Ok.
Nurse: Ok, definitely not smoking obviously you know that um two and ok and and stay hydrated small frequent meals for your heartburn um and we talked about ways to minimize that too but that's not helping as well. Um. Two. Ok. Yeah. Alright, I'll call you back then. Alright bye dear.
