Nurse: Good. Thanks for asking. I just wanted to check in with you. I had called earlier just to see how you had surgery recently. Correct? Yes,
Patient: It's not, it's not finished yet because I don't know. I mean, I have to go Thursday to, to the doctor to open it up the, uh, graft. So see if it takes, did it take or not take or how it's doing?
Nurse: Ok. So you had a skin graft last week and, and they're going to check it this week on Thursday?
Patient: Yeah, because I have any II, I, it's right on my nose. So I haven't, they told me not to touch it and open it up. Don't change the bandage. Nothing. So, I don't know how, how it looks how it is. So, Thursday, I find out what's going on and
Nurse: You haven't noticed any excessive bleeding or anything from the site.
Patient: No, I'm ok. Yes. Uh, my, yes, my inr is way down because I, I have to stop it. So it's coming up for the, and then I have a, I have to take Coumadin, I mean, and antibiotics and all that. So, so I said last time I check it out it was 1.9 and II, I mean, this, uh, that was Monday. So I was by, by, by next, next month. I hope so would be at least 2.23 0.5 whatever it is supposed to go up. So that's it so far. Nothing else. Have it done? Not
Nurse: Any pain or pain as I
Patient: Know. Yeah, my, my leg, my leg is now, I have pain in my knee and leg left because that's where I broke the femur. Ok. Which leg is that the left leg, your left leg
Nurse: And, and you, have they done any, have you seen like an orthopedist or anything for that?
Patient: Oh, I've been through everything. Uh, yes. Uh, I was, uh, uh, I mean, I went to the five doctors about different doctors and I,
Nurse: When did you break it? How long ago was that,
Patient: Uh, June, 17, er, 2 years ago in July, June. June, July. June. Ok.
Nurse: Ok. And do you need any, do you need to see your primary physician for anything? No,
Patient: No, no, no, I just, I just saw him not too long ago.
Nurse: Ok. And you have all your medications?
Patient: Yes, I have all, uh, taking care of all my medication. Yes. Ok.
Nurse: And you haven't had any, did they give you antibiotics when they gave you the surgery?
Patient: Oh, yeah, definitely. I just finish the antibiotics. Um, Sunday. Oh, good. Because I had to take, I had to take it before the surgery and after the surgery.
Nurse: Yeah, that's true. Just to make sure you don't get an infection. You haven't noticed any fever or anything like that. No,
Patient: Nothing. I just got my flu shot yesterday. So.
Nurse: Ok. Good job. So, you got the flu shot yesterday? Yeah. All right. Well, that's perfect. Ok, I'm glad for the update. I appreciate you calling me back and then I'll follow up with you. You're going to the doctor this week, so next week and see how things are going. Ok? But if you have anything that pops up that you need help with you call me. Ok.
Patient: Ok. All right. Thank you so much. Ok, bye. Take care. Bye
Nurse: Bye. You too.
Patient: Ok.
