Nurse: All right. Say that again. You were breaking up. What's going on with the left arm? Because I heard and I'm, I'm pretty sure that's not
Patient: Correct. I didn't say that. No. Excuse me. Uh, I said I have a lot of pain, pain that the arm and hand and of course, the needles in my hand too, but it keeps me a awake gets me awake. Uh, it's always at night and I'm still having a hangover from last night. And I mean, I'm still, you know, still some stiffness and soreness in my hand, but a lot of it seems to focus around my elbow. I mean, that's the ear I have to keep rubbing for about 20 minutes before it goes, even starts to go away. So that's what it is and whatever it is, it's on my left side, not on my right side at all. There could be.
Nurse: Yeah. And you did not do the EMG study. Correct.
Patient: No. No, you didn't do anything to encourage me.
Nurse: I gave you exactly what it was gonna be. I didn't want you walking in there blind. Well,
Patient: That's what I was doing and I'm not, I'm not un grateful. I, I'm glad you told me what I was in for because I really, now. Right.
Nurse: Well, the downside is we don't know exactly what's causing it now. But, um, since it came back after the predniSONE
Patient: And that's what I was gonna say. Why did that work that worked so fast? It
Nurse: Decreases inflammation.
Patient: I understand that. But it's like the very, after the very first dose I had no more pain. So, the whole, yeah, the whole time I was taking it for the, you know, you know how that schedule works. I, I didn't have pain at all and it lasted for maybe four or five days after I stopped taking it. But, um, it's back and it's, it keeps getting worse stronger, I should say. Yeah.
Nurse: Well, I will send it over to Doctor [PHI-Personal] and see you said it's o it's, it does, it feel like it's like pulsing down your arm?
Patient: I guess. So, I guess you could say that.
Nurse: Ok. Can you give me a level of pain on a scale of 0 to 10
Patient: It up? Ok. I prefer if it didn't get any worse because I have a heck of a time getting rid of it once, once it sets in. It's just, yeah, I mean, like I said, it wakes me up and I have to get up and then my arm pain down and then I just keep massaging and massaging and massaging till it goes away. But, like I said, it takes a long time. At least it's a long for me in the middle of the night, like, four o'clock in the morning. I'm not. And
Nurse: Everything seems longer at four o'clock in the morning. Exactly. All right. So it's pulsing. Is it sharp stabbing? Yeah, I know. You said pins and needles.
Patient: Yeah, the pins and needles in my hands. But the pain goes from my, from my elbow and down through my arm. It seems to, for some reason it seems to around my elbow. I can't figure that out, but that's the area I have to massage it. You know, the me and I just keep BB and rubbing, the pain goes away because it's really, it's sharp there. I just wondered if there was anything I could get for relief. At least until Monday I have an appointment with Doctor [PHI-Personal] on Monday. I guess it's an annual thing, you know,
Nurse: I can ask him and see, you know, at this point, since it did come back like this, an EMG study would give us a good idea of what's going on where this impingement is. Um, and let us know how to treat it. So he's probably gonna recommend you have that study done.
Patient: I don't want
Nurse: To. I know. Well, and it's not, and they, they numb certain things and it's not, it's not, I've heard people say it's not as bad as they were thinking. Um, but you know, knowing what you're going in for is definitely important. Um But this will let us know, you know, cause if it's, if it's just carpal tunnel, then there is um some quick surgical procedures. So they go in and just cut the fascia and then that helps get rid of all of the pain, but we don't know what's going on unless you do the study necessarily. Um I can see if he'd be willing to give you another course of predniSONE. Um and we'll go from there, but all I can do right now is send it over to him and
Patient: Um let me ask you one question. If you would put me back on the predniSONE. I like if I wasn't able to pick up the prescription until late in the day, is it alright if I take it then or do I have to take it in the morning? Well, you can take,
Nurse: You can take it later in the day. The reason we say take it in the morning is because it's been well known to keep you up at night if you take it later.
Patient: Oh, ok. Got you. Yeah, that's right. It did keep keep me awake. But I'm, I'm to the point where I don't mind being awake if I'm not in pain. But I can do without the part.
Nurse: Uh, oh, yeah, I can understand that.
Patient: So, well, anything I, like I said, I do have an appointment with him at one o'clock on Monday, but that's for that annual thing, you know, I mean, I realize I can bring up anything else but it's like I have to live through the weekend and it's, it's still bothering me. It, it started about four o'clock this morning and it's still, I'm, I mean, I'm, it's not excruciating pain now but it s, if I'm still aware, you know, and what happens is when it, when this happens, my fingers get very stiff, you know, and it takes, it takes that a while to wear off. Are you still there?
Nurse: Um, yeah, I'm, I'm typing what you said, I, I can write and talk. I still haven't figured out how to master typing and talking. I never
Patient: Could do that either. Like,
Nurse: I don't know if it's because I've always written my whole life and that just flows while I'm talking. But,
Patient: Uh, I hear you. That was, I think I was born in the wrong century.
Nurse: I agree. Me too. I was telling my husband, I think I was born in the wrong decade at least.
Patient: Oh, my God. Yes. Because I don't like any of this stuff of the, you know, they can pay all the modern in inventions and stuff from, as far as I'm concerned, I've probably been better in covered wagon days.
Nurse: Although I really like air conditioning and indoor plumbing. I don't necessarily wanna give those up.
Patient: The indoor plumbing. That would be my perfect. I mean, I like them so I don't mind that I'm on the breathing part of it, but I don't mind the heat itself. No.
Nurse: No, I don't do heat. I don't do humidity and I really like what I
Patient: Can't deal with. Yeah, that's my problem. It's like, I don't know why you can't have the heat without the humidity I could if I move less.
Nurse: Yes. We're on the [PHI-Geographic] here.
Patient: It's gonna need to be a terrible state to live in. Frankly. Anyhow, that's another issue I'm too old to change. Now, my daughter, my daughter just moved [PHI-Geographic]. Yeah. I know the climate there would be a lot better for me simply because I have the COPD, you know, the breathing would be so much better. But I, I'm too old to move now. Mm. Not necessarily.
Nurse: You're only [PHI-Personal]. You got another decade left. All right. So I have everything written down here. Let me just recap to make sure I have everything correct. Ok. So you've got pain in your left arm and hand that's keeping you awake at night. It seems with the focus is on the elbow and the pain is severe. It's pulsing, shooting pain down the arm with pins and needle he sensation in your hand requires you to get up, hang your arm down, massage the elbow until the severe pain goes away. But the, but pain does continue for hours after that. Yeah. Um, you know, when you are having the severe pain it's also causing your fingers to cramp.
Patient: Yeah. Well, they get very stiff. Yeah. Ok. Hard to move. That's weird. Something weird can happen. It's me, it happens to, I'm a guinea pig. Uh, ok.
Nurse: All right. So that's there.
Patient: Um, you know.
Nurse: All right, perfect.
Patient: Um, so,
Nurse: No, uh, I apologize. My son kept me up all night. We're, we were potty training and he thinks he gets to pick it up every 40 minutes. But like I, I didn't, I wasn't sure if I told him no, go back to bed if it was gonna be a bad thing and, or not. So we got up every 40
Patient: Minutes. All right.
Nurse: So I have all of that in. I'm gonna ask him, um, if you'd be ok with another course of predniSONE until your appointment on Monday, um, to discuss all options at that point. Um, if he says, yes, I'll give you a call back if he says no, give you a call back and we'll go from there with his recommendations. He's probably gonna recommend the EMG study so that we know exactly what's going on and we can treat it moving forward to a better, better capability.
Patient: That's, can we just guess? Mm. Yes. And they're not always available. They've been doing carpal tunnel surgery for years.
Nurse: Do you really want to go through a whole carpal tunnel surgery? If it's not carpal tunnel
Patient: At this point? Any, any port in the storm? I just don't wanna be in pain anymore. I'm tired of pain. Pain is dominating my life. I mean, between all this and then with my leg the way my right leg, the way it is, but it's very difficult and getting worse and I hate to be a bitch and be complaining all the time and I don't like to have to call you and I don't like any of this. It's not me. It's not who I have a little bit.
Nurse: No, I fully understand that I wanna get you the least amount of pain possible.
Patient: So I start taking drugs.
Nurse: No. No, we don't want that. Let's, let's see what Doctor [PHI-Personal] says here and we can go from there. Ok? How's any trouble with your husband
Patient: Or he's just getting, he's just slowly fading away. That's just all there is to it. Good. And it's not fun to watch and I don't want it to be that way for him, but I realize I can't do any of that.
Nurse: Yeah. Unfortunately with, with what he's got going on in this age.
Patient: I, I know it's just very difficult one day if I didn't care, but I didn't have the trouble. I can as much as I did when we started. Well, if you didn't
Nurse: Care, well, then we'd have a problem.
Patient: No, we won't because we did. We have gone our separate ways and I wouldn't be dealing with it and it's pretty much a 24 hour a day thing. Yeah. But is what it is.
Nurse: Well, let me see if I can get you some pain relief. Ok. Ok,
Patient: Fine.
Nurse: All right. So I will give you a call back when I have an answer. Give me a call if anything gets worse. Ok.
Patient: Ok, thanks.
Nurse: You're welcome. You have a great
Patient: Day. You too. Bye now. Thanks. Bye bye.
