Nurse: Oh, I'm so sorry.
Patient: That's ok. I never, I never wake up early. I can wake up around 10 30. And the reason I took so long is because I was talking to my son and my, my um grandson.
Nurse: Ok, so give me one second here. Let me finish real quick. What I was doing and then I'll note the chart that you don't wake up until about 10 30. So we don't call you prior to that.
Patient: I do my other nurse. My, the one that came from after my stroke, uh called me
Nurse: Before 10 30 or after
Patient: Before. Oh,
Nurse: Ok. A pan around. Ok, let me get your chart pulled back up here. So I was calling for a couple of different reasons. First being um, I received a response and it wasn't about your letter. Um, it wasn't a from Doctor [PHI-Personal], it was actually from Doctor [PHI-Personal] um because Doctor [PHI-Personal] has been out of the office, but she stated that um, that, so I would advise you schedule an office visit to discuss this with doctor [PHI-Personal]. Uh, these are not letters that are routinely provided due to the sensitive legal concerns. Um, and she said that you can either schedule a visit or address it at your [PHI-Personal] visit that you have scheduled
Patient: Already. Oh, well, that's because, um, doctor, whoever the doctor does not know me at all, but that's ok. I have.
Nurse: Do doctor, do you wanna schedule a sooner visit with um, Doctor [PHI-Personal] to discuss it or do you wanna wait until that [PHI-Personal] visit to discuss it with him?
Patient: No, no long before that. Um I'm gonna see doctor [PHI-Personal] of next month but already said don't worry, doctor and I will sit down, you know, and write this letter for you.
Nurse: Ok. So you only need it from one of the two. You don't need it from doctor as well.
Patient: I would, I would have liked it from two but um, Doctor [PHI-Personal] is not really necessary because doctor [PHI-Personal] is the one that wants me to do the um heart transplant, you know, he's my specialist. Mhm. So really doctor [PHI-Personal] has known me. Mhm. For long, more than 10 years, you know, and you know that I'm not asking him anything out of doing it because I, I need a letter to allow the, the English um the because she's know the English boxer that she has and I got the letter in which I'm gonna uh, um, um, give along with the letter to, um, that, that they giving me. Now that is doing for me. Now I'm gonna give both of the letters that way. Um, she doesn't have to leave her dog behind. Mhm.
Nurse: Ok. All right. So as long as you have what you need, then, um, if it's handled by the time you go to your visit in [PHI-Personal], then that's great. If not, then I would just recommend discussing it further with doctor [PHI-Personal] at that point if you need anything else from him. Um I wanted to discuss with you, how is it going, checking your vitals daily? How do you like that? The remote patient?
Patient: It's ok. Um Saturday was a off day for me because uh I took my medicine at, at 12, midday and I had, uh for that day had had to take my medicine 12 and 12. So I'm like, uh and I already, I eat so well. Saturday was an off day for me, but I continue Sunday. Ok.
Nurse: Did you check your, um, vitals on? I didn't look at it. Did you check them um on Saturday or? No?
Patient: No, not Saturday. Um So you skipped it because of that?
Nurse: Ok. Yeah. All right. And did um, they were supposed to mail out the other devices to you? Did you happen to receive them?
Patient: No, not yet. Once I receive them. Um II, I don't know if I have to plug one in so in or not, uh everything is gonna be set up in my own.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, she was supposed to um reach out so I'll follow up in regards to that to see, you know what's going on be because let me see, give me one second while I pull up the message that I sent her. Uh it was Monday. It actually wasn't from uh [PHI-Personal] Jo who handles it. It was actually from a different gentleman who said he was gonna send her a message. So I'll just follow up with her to make sure she received the message and that she is sending your devices out. Um, it, your pressures from what I see seem to be, you know, pretty normal with what you tend to b um, hold on here trying to get it pulled up as I'm talking to you as for having to do it though. It, it's not a bother to you. Correct. You're, you're fine with it. You don't mind it.
Patient: No, I don't mind this. Ok,
Nurse: Good. All right. And so what time of the day do you generally do the readings? Because I, for some reason it doesn't show me that
Patient: 10 30 to between 10 30 [PHI-Personal] in the morning and the same time
Nurse: So soon after you get up and, and between the, that half hour, yeah, give yourself, you know, time to get up and, you know, relax a little bit and then then check it
Patient: So to actually wake up, I feel normal.
Nurse: Yeah, exactly. Right. That's exactly right. So, all right. Do you have any questions or need anything from me while I have you on the phone? No. Alright. Well, thanks for returning my call. I'll note your chart here not to call before 10 30.
Patient: The only thing that be because I've been noticing that my b my dizziness is not coming from my, my sugar or my BP. And I think I have a pinched nerve in near my equilibrium or something because when I wake up, when I stand up, I feel the dizziness and then it goes away. As soon as I take two steps, it goes away. So you're not,
Nurse: It, as soon as you stand up, it goes and take two steps.
Patient: Yeah. As soon as I get up, uh um, basically I'm getting ready to walk, the dizziness start to come and I feel like, um, like something is pressing my head and, and I hold, uh, like I said for a second and like, uh, like it goes away and then I feel fine after that. Mhm.
Nurse: Are you getting up slowly?
Patient: Oh, definitely. I gotta get up slowly if I can get it running. Trust me, I would.
Nurse: Right. Yeah, I understand. I just wanted to confirm you and again, you're not doing any sudden head movements or anything like that. Ok. Mm. And it happens every time you stand up
Patient: Pretty much Ok. So I, I'm thinking it has something to do with my, since my stroke, there's, there's probably a pinched nerve even close to my e, or, um, what are you, what
Nurse: Is the word that you're saying? Close to your,
Patient: What equilibrium, equilibrium, equilibrium it? And I guess, I don't know that that's
Nurse: Ok. I just wanted to make sure we were, you know, I'm writing the right thing. So you think your equilibrium is
Patient: Off a little bit off? Yes or, or something?
Nurse: Ok. Do you have any type of, um, sinus problems? Any congestion
Patient: In your? Only when I, when I like, for example, that my, so now every I'm eating something and, and I feel I'm getting full my, I get really stuffed up. Ok.
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Now, um, are you on any, let me, let me pull, pull your chart all the way up. I've only got it halfway opened up here. Give me one second. Are you on any medications for your sinuses?
Patient: Just Flonase?
Nurse: Ok. So my question to you is I want you to pay attention to this. Do you notice a difference? Um, with your dizziness after using Flonase, you know, after you've used it and you've given it a little time to work and then when you stand up.
Patient: No, because I've always associated me getting full and me getting plugged up. Not my allergies. Ok. Ever since I had the gastric leave, I take three or four bites, I'm full and I feel I noticed that I get a little congested and, and I stop eating.
Nurse: Ok. And you said after three or four bites you
Patient: Feel full? Yeah, because I have a, um, small stomach. Now I had a gastric sleeve surgery. I don't know if you see it in my chart. I had the surgery.
Nurse: Ok. All right. See, I'm still getting to know you. So we gotta work together on this. So, yes, you give me information each time I talk to you. So that's great. All right. So, um, you want, when you get full, you feel that it's causing your head to feel congested? Do you feel that the dizziness, it seems to be more often from the congestion after eating or it, you don't feel it's related at all.
Patient: I don't feel it related at all. Ok. Because I only get the congestion after I know full. Mhm.
Nurse: But it, this, the dizziness happens all the time.
Patient: Only when I'm getting, I gotta go pee, I gotta go walk to the mailbox and, uh, I'm walking just walking every time I go to get up, I have to take a second to stabilize myself.
Nurse: Yeah. Well, a and to be honest with you, I mean, when your BP is 98/52 which it was recently, a lot of these readings to they're lower. So, with [PHI-Personal] that is a normal feeling to have, you know, are you, are you familiar with [PHI-Personal]. I'm sure you've discussed hypertension. Did you say? No,
Patient: No, I don't have access with this hyper and this hypo. Mhm.
Nurse: So, do you know the signs and symptoms of [PHI-Personal]?
Patient: No, I have not. Well, I know my BP is low but I do both when I, when I feel that my BP is low. At first I check my BP and then I check my sugar because my, my diabetes can lower my um, BP. Hm.
Nurse: All right. So let me go over with you the signs and symptoms of low BP. Ok. So you might feel lightheadedness,
Patient: Fatigue,
Nurse: Dizziness,
Patient: Dizziness, nausea,
Nurse: Clammy, skin confusion. Some people get depression. If it's too low, you could even become um unconscious and you can also have blurry vision from [PHI-Personal]. So if any of that happens, you wanna sit or lie down right away and put your feet above the level of your heart that will help bring your pressure up. I think I can't remember, but I faintly remember discussing this with you. Did we
Patient: Discuss this already? Yeah, we, we talked about that not long ago.
Nurse: Ok. Well, this is just reinforcement because your pressures are so low if those are the feelings that you're having, um then that's what you need to do and then you wanna make sure that you're letting uh doctor [PHI-Personal] know that what is going on or letting myself know. But yeah, a lot of your pressures are on the lower end. And that's, I know that's where they want them to be. Um So it's not surprising to me at all that you're having some lightheadedness or some dizziness when standing because that's, it's like a, it's a rush of the blood. Whenever you stand up, it changes your blood flow. So it's, it's just very important that you be very mindful as you are already when you do go from a seated to a standing position. So you don't fall.
Patient: That is why I want, I really wanted that letter because you can have ni I've known ni for a long time now. Um The fact that I can have somebody here even though she's, you know, I've, I've known her three years now and she's from [PHI-Geographic], but that's fine. And she's been a, even though people think it might be fictitious, but it doesn't matter. She's, she's, she's been there uh most of my nose, you know, and she knows she knows she can be here for, for, for what doctor [PHI-Personal] since doctor [PHI-Personal] wants to give me a heart transplant and he feels good about it. Uh I need to take advantage of the fact that OK, she's stuck around for three years so far. You know, she's never given me any signs of wanted to take advantage of me being a citizen or nothing like that. She's never asked me for anything. So I might as well. Use this to my advantage and say if she can be here, the, the what the doctor request requires, which is six months for me to have somebody stable with sod mind here on my side.
Nurse: Yeah. And I mean, it's obvious that you're mindful of the fact that it, it can be fictitious. Like you said, you're mindful of that. So it's not like you're going in blind just completely oblivious to the situation and you've been watching for signs that, you know, and you said she's never, she's not shown any signs at all.
Patient: No.
Nurse: Ok. All right. Well, I'm going to note the chart, um, of our conversation and let
Patient: Listen, she's [PHI-Personal]. I turn [PHI-Personal] today. She basically [PHI-Personal]. Sorry, she's [PHI-Personal] years, man is three days older than me if she wanted. Oh my God. If she want anything out of me, she knows how to do it. I mean, she's older than me. Obviously, she's a little bit more savvy than I am. So, so, come on now. And she, she's, she's not [PHI-Personal] years old. I'm gonna take advantage of, I'm gonna, I'm gonna get this from him. I'm gonna get that from him. Come on now. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. No, I didn't say that but I like the fact that you're, you know, you just brought it up and you said other people have thought those types of things because then it tells me that, you know, it's in the back of your mind to watch and be careful. Um, yeah, I can send a message back to doctor if you would like. Um
Patient: Or you can just, just have them call you directly because if, if another doctor get involved then they're gonna, they're gonna not think strict about the situation, they're gonna put a red flag up and then, then I'm not gonna get anything because I know that, that red flag and think that I'm, you know, no, no doctor [PHI-Personal] knows me. You know, I've been going to him now, maybe two years or so or maybe, I don't know, maybe three years. I think, I'm not sure. But for a while now, ever since the [PHI-Personal] office I changed, changed something that, that I had to come to Doctor [PHI-Personal] here. But, um, the first best person is doctor Co cause he's my heart specialist, you know. Yeah. Exactly. He's the one that I, I want that procedure. Exactly. I, I would love that doctor. Strange to jump on board with helping me with that, that way. That, that Doctor [PHI-Personal] and Doctor [PHI-Personal], two doctors, you know, reinforcing that I need the surgery and that, you know, that what doctor doctor saying is correct, that I need somebody for six months because they have to learn that, that because the hospital is gonna teach her that the things that, that, uh, that do and that don't do of what happened with the, with the patient with, you know, with the, with, with the heart transplant and she's a solid mine, you know. So it's gonna, it, I'm gonna benefit from this. Mhm.
Nurse: Yup. Absolutely. So I'll send a message back just asking that doctor [PHI-Personal] respond. Um And then if he wants a visit with you, then he can advise us of that.
Patient: Yeah, because I know I'm getting, I'm getting the, the, the, the letter from them sometime this week, hopefully.
Nurse: Ok. All right. Well, um, I'll forward it back and then we'll give him some time to respond. I'm not sure. I know he was out of the office. I'm not sure when he's back. Um, but as soon as I get another response, I will let you know that's why Doctor [PHI-Personal] um, responded to it cause he was out.
Patient: Yeah, because I wanna get it before the end of the month. So if, for example, if you wanna schedule, uh, a trip for, um, for example, you talk to doctor and tell him that to schedule me a trip, uh, a trip for next week on Thursday or Friday gives me time to, uh, schedule my transportation between, um, tomorrow and Monday. So I can have, well, let me just,
Nurse: I'll just forward a message then, um, requesting that, uh, they reach out to you from the office to schedule that visit. Then if you, if you wanna do a visit, then let's just do it that way.
Patient: Yeah. That way he um, I could be more personal.
Nurse: Mhm. Yeah. Ex exactly. And that's why she said that. So. All right. So let me I'll just forward a request asking that they reach you, reach out to you to get you scheduled.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: All right, [PHI-Personal]. And, um, like I said, I'll follow up too on the other two devices as well. Ok. All right. Have a good day. Let me know if you need anything.
Patient: Thank you. Thank
Nurse: You. God bless you too. Bye bye.
