Nurse: Yeah. So, yeah, any kind of injury, sometimes the lesion can be, uh, kind of like a wound or, um, some type of, um, um, abnormality, abnormality to, uh, a particular area.
Patient: So maybe I better not bicycle until I find out. Huh?
Nurse: Could be adding more stress to it. So, it, it just based on the results of the findings of the MRI that could be potentially the case. Yeah. Um, that you should probably,
Patient: Yeah, like even sitting here it hurts sometimes, you know, and I got up during the night twice to go to the bathroom and when I went to put my foot down it was like, oh, here we go again, you know. Oh, you know, it's just like that sharp pain, you know, like a knife going in you. I'm serious, I'm not a baby. I'm just trying to figure out what's going on.
Nurse: I know. II I do trust, um, what you, as far as your, uh, the pain and everything. So, I mean, that, that's nothing to be. Um, let me see here.
Patient: Did you find me yet?
Nurse: Yep. It sure did. So. Significant osteo lesion. Ok. So osteo basically anything to do with the bone. So it's, there's a specific lesion along the medial femoral. So the middle, uh, thigh. So the femoral is kind of like your, uh, or the femur, the thigh bone is.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's where it hurts on the inside, like where that bone is, you know, like the big bone and then that hole, you know, that little indentation I call it
Nurse: Right? And so they measured it to 1.6 to 1 centimeter along the weight, weight bearing surface. Ok. So basically the, with the strain of the, um, I would determine that with the osteoarthritis, uh, you know, in the region of your knee, uh, the weight bearing bone is feeling that pressure which is causing a lesion to, uh, um, create.
Patient: So how do we stop the lesion? Now, what I did last night when I got out of bed because it hurt so bad. I came back in and I put one of those bands on, you know, like for your bowlers, you know, like they and I stuck one underneath and then I had it on all night and I took it off this morning and when I do that, it seems to help, but I don't understand it because I'm trying to, I wanna live my
Nurse: Life. Of course. Yes, absolutely. So, see, I'm trying to follow up and see if, um, I had any follow up, uh, message from, uh, Doctor [PHI-Personal] when I sent, um, them the message,
Patient: Uh, like, I don't know what to do next.
Nurse: OK. Here we go. Uh I got a response message from Doctor [PHI-Personal]. It was late yesterday. So MRI results a con oh, excuse me, let me reread that. MRI reveals a complex tear of the m uh medial uh meniscus, basically what the uh results were identifying. So it is a tear, it is a tear. So he believes is secondary to the torn meniscus and surrounding inflammation. Ok? And at this point, she needs to see an orthopedic surgeon to discuss treatment options. She should continue the, uh, anal as directed by the, by her oncologist. And, um, please have her select an orthopedic group and I will send a referral.
Patient: Oh, crap. So they may have to go in there and do something.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, that does sound like a, a need for a, uh, repair. So, yeah, his suggestion is to continue the, an, uh, well,
Patient: We're going off. I know we just, we were gonna go off of it. So I don't know if we should stay, you know, go off of it or what, what they said because they contacted the doc. I'm sorry, I interrupted you. They contacted the doctor there and, uh, she said that I should go on that new medicine ZOL or whatever she wants me to go on instead.
Nurse: Ok. Is that the direction of the oncologist?
Patient: Yeah. Well, Doctor [PHI-Personal] Hung. H ok. Well, I don't know if she's an oncologist. She's the person that prescribes the medicine. OK. For um well, I didn't have chemo but I had, what am I trying to say? I didn't have chemo but I had the radiation. So I don't know who to listen to because see when I saw doctor [PHI-Personal] who was my surgeon, he told me to go on Fu Fosamax or something like that Fu But then she put me on that stupid shot. But she told me when I questioned her last week because I did go question about some things. She said, well, and I, when I mentioned that she didn't say anything right away. But then she, when she was telling me all this stuff and comparing how I had so much pain for since [PHI-Personal], you know, and all this stuff. She said, well, she said here we give, I mean, I caught it here. We suggest you get um oh, wait a minute, what do you call it here? We suggest you get Prolia and if you want to go on to the Fosamax, you have to go see your family doctor for that because we don't prescribe it here.
Nurse: Oh, I see. Interesting. Yeah. Well, based on this uh doctor is just saying, follow the advisement on the oncologist. Now the oncologist is telling you something else rather than taking the anastrozole, then I would follow along with the oncologist because that is a prescription that was per you determined to stop and then start again. So we wanna make sure you're insistent on that. But otherwise he's just, uh, as it is advising for you to, uh, pretty much select your choice of orthopedic group. Um, that way, uh, I can document that and he can go ahead and process that
Patient: Referral. Well, what do you think? I, I do not wanna see Doctor [PHI-Personal] or Doctor [PHI-Personal] in OS S and eliminate them. And Doctor Hall, he was not very nice to me. The last time I saw him, he's the one that came in after the, uh, residents came in and he came in and leaned across the desk and put his head on his arm and said, tell me about it and then he leaves and right before he's leaving, he says to me, did you ever try, what did you say? Um, wait a minute, did you ever try? Um, oh gosh, running shoes. And I said no, where would I get the nine, [PHI-Account] eight? So, I mean, I don't know about those three. Would you wanna go to them? I, well, I mean,
Nurse: Absolutely not. If, if I felt that I wasn't receiving the appropriate care and I was pretty much feeling like I was being written off, then I wouldn't put so much weight and reliability on them.
Patient: So, well, I'll, I'll go by who you suggest. So it's a good, just so it's a good doctor. So I have a tear there. So that's what it is, is 1.6 by one centimeter. Very big or what?
Nurse: No. Think of it, uh, a centimeter. Um, I don't know if you, um, well, I don't know if you really have a ruler in hand but, uh, pretty much a centimeter. Uh, you know, a ruler is like 16 in 12 inches long. So I got basically a lot less than an inch.
Patient: Oh, good. Yeah. Yeah. But it's enough to give me a pain in the butt.
Nurse: Uh, apparently. Yeah. No, no, you're fine. Apparently. So, it is. Yeah, it's quite enough to give you a pain in the butt. You're, you're absolutely right about that
Patient: Because almost every time I step on it it hurts. So that could be it then. So, what about the health club? Should I get a paper not to go in there or should I go or? What shall I do? I don't know. We could agitate
Nurse: It more. That's what, yeah, that's my new concern. Now, um, uh, that would agitate it more, maybe, possibly grow that lesion. I would, I'd rather not, you do more damage before you are seen by orthopedic surgeon. So they can, um, discuss, you know, the less severe treatment option if, if possible.
Patient: Yeah. So it may not be much of anything they have to do. Right. Right. Right. Oh, thank God. Now, when I saw it, I thought I'm going to call the nurse. My, my girlfriend said what nurse, the nurse from the MRI I said no, the nurse I have to call and talk to the doctor about. She said ok, so, um, if, if he wants to consult with doctor, oh, who was I seeing doctor Gso or himself or who you think is a good doctor? You know? But I just want somebody and then also I will need uh, excuse to not go to my health club for a while. You know what I mean?
Nurse: Like a doctor's note. Yeah. Ok. Let me make a notation here. Hold. Yeah, I
Patient: Need that because I don't wanna make it get worse. And I was, I was just getting dressed to go in because everybody keeps saying, go except the people yesterday about going, you know. Mhm. Now, this wouldn't be a knee replacement. What? It's just a tear. Right.
Nurse: Right. It's just a tear and then again, you know, that's only best determined by the orthopedic surgeon. So they, it all you'll initially have to start with is a consult. Yeah. So they can at least investigate to see what
Patient: They can do. Yeah. Ok. Yeah. Now, when will I find out, like, when, when, when we find a doctor? Right.
Nurse: Right. So he's just saying, um, let us know what orthopedic group you like for him to sign, uh, a referral
Patient: For? Yeah, because I was telling somebody in [PHI-Geographic] but somebody I know had a knee replacement over there and they really like them and some of the people in your care are leading wells and they're going over to [PHI-Geographic]. Oh, wow. Isn't that something? Yeah. Something. Even some of the people that had open heart surgery, they went over there instead. So, I don't know, who do you suggest or? I don't know,
Nurse: I quite honestly don't have a suggestion. I, I, I'm, I'm not familiar with any of the orthopedic groups. Only familiar with, like, the primary doctor's offices.
Patient: Well, how about, like, up MC or whatever, up MC or, umnc, I don't know what it is because I've heard that's very good over there, several people have gone over there and I'll tell you what, I'm hearing bad things about wells and that scares me now.
Nurse: Mhm. So, um, PC is an orthopedic surgery? Ok. Are they, uh, I was just, um, looking at the information myself just to be sure. So, um, PC, orthopedic specialist of Central Pennsylvania? Ok. Yeah. Um, uh, if you feel that you've gotten positive feedback from others that have gone through UUP, uh, up MC, then why, why not? So, and they do have, uh, orthopedic surgeon. So I'll forward that message over to doctor [PHI-Personal] as well as, um, your request for a doctor's note to relieve you of your time. Um, yeah, just in the interim from going to the health club. Ok. Yeah, just
Patient: For a while until I see what's going. So, it is a tear. Hm. That's what my girlfriend said. I bet it's a tear. Mhm. So, or else if he feels confident now I'm talking Doctor [PHI-Personal]. He feels confident with Os si guess one of those two. But I'm a little scared with wells anymore. I, I don't know. I'm hearing things, you know. Yeah. But, and I know somebody that was, uh, he said he was, um, one of the people from our, from our church. He said to me, he says, well, he didn't say me but he said, you know, he said, uh, they took me to the hospital. I didn't wanna go to something happened to him a few weeks ago. And we're like, oh, and he said it was wonderful. He said it was up MC or, um, PC, whatever it is. He said the results were so wonderful. So that's where he's going back to. And then one of our other friends went over there because his, that's where his doctor went. And I found out up MC is also Os S Doctor [PHI-Personal] told me that, I mean doctors from there. Ok. Yeah, I just thought of that. He told me that and I said, I don't know if I wanna go there, but it's because of those two men, you know, those two doctors. But then there's gotta be, and then I'm hearing other people say that they've had things done from the church from Os S and they're well pleased. And then one lady said to me the other day uh, she said, [PHI-Personal], she says, where are you going? I said, well, Spanish, she went, oh, so, I don't know, I'm a little scared. I just thought
Nurse: A lot of mixed reviews. Yeah.
Patient: So, and then like I said, oh, this lady, this man was admitted to, uh, up MC for some procedure and his wife was walking out, they're both in their late 7-Eleven seventies or eighties and all of a sudden she started having an issue. So people came out and said, are you? Ok. And [PHI-Personal] said, no, I can't. She's a retired nurse. She said I can't, I just can't quite breathe. Right. And they got, somebody took her right in and here they had to admit her she was getting, she had AFIB, didn't even know she had it. So they're both pleased with there, you know, and that's where their doctors are. So, maybe either Os si guess or, um, whatever Doctor [PHI-Personal] feels is good, but not those doctors that I saw.
Nurse: Ok. So I can make a notation that, um, you have a choice of Os S or, um, PC. Right.
Patient: But sometimes it's good for tears. Ok. Got you. I can still go in stores and stuff like that. So that's why when I walk in a store I walk so far and then all of a sudden my knee is bothering me. Mhm. Ok. Well, I'll be good. But, yeah, he can give me a paper for, uh, um, you know, to excuse me from the health club and I can call [PHI-Personal] and talk to [PHI-Personal] too and see if he might do it without it. Ok. Ok. Thank you. Not a problem. You're very welcome. Yeah, if you just wanna get back to me, you can because I wanna get this done as soon as I can. No, absolutely.
Nurse: I'll be monitoring it the rest of the day. So uh I'll try and, uh, at least have some contact or follow up with you before the end of the
Patient: Day. Yeah. And also too, you can contact me about this procedure anytime you want, you said, like I said one time, but I want it done now that I know it's a tear. Ok. Absolutely. Ok. Thank you very much. Ok, thank you.
Nurse: You have a good one. You too. Bye bye bye bye.
