Nurse: Yeah. Oh, you're on my list to call after lunch. I wasn't.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: Let me just get you pulled up here. How you doing? I'm
Patient: Doing real well. Yeah,
Nurse: I like that. That's a good answer. I
Patient: Know it is. I'm telling you you've been through
Nurse: The [PHI-Personal]. So I'm gonna take that as a good thing in one.
Patient: Oh, me too. I'm telling you. Did doctor, um, [PHI-Personal] get a, um, script from, uh, doctor, uh, whenever I had that shot in my, uh, knee on last Thursday, I don't know if he sent him a script or not. Doctor [PHI-Personal], let him know how it was. Yeah, I
Nurse: Have the report here actually. That came in. Let me just move. Yeah, it looks like everything went well there. Do you have any questions? Any concerns, any complications from
Patient: That? No. No, he gave me that shot, which I didn't want it. But you know what he gave me three options. He gave me the shot or he said, what were you taking for the pain? That was so bad back in your leg, on the right leg. And I said, well, I took an [PHI-Personal] yesterday and I took a, uh, one [PHI-Personal] the day before, but I don't like to keep taking [PHI-Personal]. I said, so I only took like two in two days. And he said, well, if you wanna keep taking them two times a day, 22 times a day or you want therapy and I, I sit there and I waited because I hate shots. So I, um, so I said, give me, he said the shot would really help and you know what it has? Oh, I can soup. I can, oh, I don't have the pain and I mean, it's doing very well. I mean, hm. I don't know. It's doing good.
Nurse: Oh, good. Well, I'm gonna take, I'm gonna, I'm happy for you. That's that part
Patient: There. I know it is. Oh, my gosh. Yeah. So, um, but now I go to, I have one more appointment yet and, uh, I guess I, I'm keeping that. Somebody said, well, just let that go. No, I better, I better keep it, uh, when I was at the heart and vascular, uh, surgery down in West Shore. Couple weeks ago, they, uh, made an appointment for me for, uh, the vein center. Yeah. And, yeah, because even when I went to the hematologist there the week before. I think it was that she said maybe two veins are pressing back there. You know what? And then it might be, you know, with that blood clot being in there, you know, it might be just something, something's not right there. She said, so I'm just gonna keep that and I have that the [PHI-Personal], which is next Tuesday. I have that so that should be my last appointment unless something else comes up or whatever. And, um, but other than that I'm, I'm doing very well. Yeah. Now, do you have like my lab work of anything that he gives you Doctor [PHI-Personal] or? No? Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. Um, is there something specific that you had questions on with that?
Patient: He, I remember the time before he said something about my cholesterol was higher. Now, I wanted to know this time since I went to him if it's ok now. But I mean, I feel fine in that. So,
Nurse: So your total cholesterol is under what we want it. So, that's good. Your triglycerides are, are a little on the higher side but not terrible. And your dl
Patient: Are perfect. Ok. So the Triglycerin, how much did they go down? Because that's why I wondered because of how I'm eating in that. I thought they should definitely go down but they did,
Nurse: They went from [PHI-Geographic] in [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Oh, that is good. I was gonna say I, I've been doing pretty well with eating and that, and I thought, you know what, I gotta find out if that's, if they went down or not because if they didn't then something's not right. Yeah. With my body I should say. But that, that's wonderful. Yeah. That's good. Ok. Yeah, that's what I was just concerned about those two things I wanted to see, you know, what, you know, they did. but usually my cholesterol medicine, you know, helps me a lot and then what I eat and stuff, you know what I'm saying?
Nurse: Mhm. Yeah. No, you're definitely doing really good with your diet on that. Ok. That's definitely the way we wanna go with that. Um, I do have a question here before, before we get off track and I forget it's really important. There are, well, when both the transitional care nurse, [PHI-Personal] and I were going through your chart noticed a little bit of discrepancies. So I think somebody just maybe mistyped something on, um, what had come over to us. But we just wanted to confirm you are still taking the Xarelto until the middle [PHI-Personal]. Correct?
Patient: Well, are you II, I am taking the Xarelto and that's, it's ok when I was there a few weeks ago when I was up at the hematologist, I guess that's who the nurse practitioner [PHI-Personal]. I think her name was up in car. She, um, she put, she said, I think you should go on a lower dose of I was on the 20 mg and then that was all. And I told her I had just taken the last pill the day before. So if I need on Xarelto, I, you know, you gotta, she said yes, she said go uh she said I'm gonna put a prescription in you for, I put a prescription for you uh for 10 mg, I think you should go down to 10 mg of the Xarelto. And um so she put that prescription in and I just that, I mean, it just followed right through that. I didn't have to miss any pills or whatever. So I am taking Xarelto 10 mg per day, but I don't know how long I'm supposed to take them for who, who now do I ask? I mean, I don't know that's what I was concerned about. It would
Nurse: Be, it would be hematology.
Patient: OK. OK. So,
Nurse: Um because what we have is uh I, I have notices replace the, replace it with the 10 mg of Xarelto daily and we can follow her as needed and PC P can manage her Xarelto at your request. But at the same point, I had another note that said, you know, that you can go off of it here in [PHI-Personal]. But considering you've had this back and forth, you've had clots multiple. Now your clots do seem to be, you know, there seems to be a complete reason for them, they happened after surgery. Um,
Patient: Mhm. Both of them happened after surgery when I had my gallbladder and my pancreas. Um, then I got a blood clot, then I was on Xarelto and then that they, that went away. So then, so now this time I had the hernia surgery back in [PHI-Personal] and I got a small, they said I had a small blood clot on the top of my vein on the right same leg. So then that's when um I think [PHI-Personal] had put me on that Xarelto. I think he did or doctor [PHI-Personal], either one.
Nurse: Yeah, and that's where it gets. It's just because uh later in the note, it also says I would recommend her to complete the three months of Xarelto and then take a baby Aspirin 81 mg daily life long. So here going, does she want you on the 10 mg and I can call over there and find out for you? I just
Patient: Want to do that. Yeah, that would work because I don't have the number now.
Nurse: Yeah. No, I can definitely call over but sometimes they type this up and then, you know, they're typing while they're talking to you and then later in the appointment, they change their mind. So they, that's what they write. So I wasn't sure if they had left it with you if they had given you specific
Patient: Instructions. No, they didn't. That's all she said. She said I'm gonna put you. Lin said, I'm gonna put you on uh 10 mg. Now, she said of the Xarelto. So that's what I've been taking. And I have, I have to, I think next Tuesday or Wednesday and then, then I'm gonna need somebody to either if I'm staying on them to either refill them or something.
Nurse: OK. So
Patient: I have, I know it's, I, I think it's Wednesday. I have enough until the [PHI-Personal] of [PHI-Personal] and then I'm, I'm out of the 10 mg.
Nurse: All right. So let me, I will work on that today and I will get back to you for sure, on
Patient: The case. Thank you. Thank you so much. Yeah, no problem I outside too. Yeah, it's that
Nurse: And I figured you were outside, but that was the big thing is I wanted to double check because I knew we were coming up on the end because the, when it was three months, I was like, are we talking three months from surgery? Because that would be [PHI-Personal]. Are we talking three months from the appointment? Which would be [PHI-Personal]? So there was enough confusion on dates. I wanted to make sure we got that straight. So I will call and find out what, how long they want you on it. See if they can reorder it if they want you on it for any longer. Also, see if they have any samples for you. Um, if they want you on it and we'll go from there? Ok.
Patient: Ok. Thank you so much. Yep.
Nurse: You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Patient: Nope, everything's good. No, you're good.
Nurse: Ok, so I did cut you off here a little bit and I do apologize that your knee everything's going good. No further questions. The injections working well for you. Did they go over how long that injection generally lasts
Patient: For? No, he didn't, didn't say but oh, he was, he was a nice doctor. Like, um, Shelter was with my hernia. He was very personal. He, his personality was just, I don't know, him and him and, uh, Shelter was their personalities like whoa, to come in the door and they're smiling and everything. I know most of the time, you know, that doesn't happen too often or whatever. But, yeah, well, [PHI-Personal] and [PHI-Personal]. Doctor [PHI-Personal] is the same way though. They're, oh, my gosh, they're so good. They
Nurse: Definitely are. So, what is, what is left as is they will see you back on an as needed basis. Um, they want you to continue doing the exercises at home. Generally speaking, you can get injections like that 2 to 3 times a year if you need it. So, um, that is something that they generally last a couple of months. Um, I've seen them last up to six months for some patients. So that would be hopefully the case for you. Um, but if that pain starts coming back, definitely call them and schedule them, schedule with them and you can talk, you know, long term plan there. Um, but generally speaking, that is the standard,
Patient: So to speak. Yeah. Ok, that sounds good. Right.
Nurse: All right. So we'll go with that and, um, expect a call back later today if not early tomorrow. Ok. Ok.
Patient: Thank you. And if I'm outside, can you just, um, can you leave a message?
Nurse: Of course. Yeah. As long
Patient: As you're because I'm in and out and my husband's birthday is tomorrow. So this afternoon I'm going to go get him something
Nurse: Before. Oh, yes. No, you definitely need to do that. So it's ok for me to leave a detailed message.
Patient: Yes. Exactly. Yeah. Perfectly. Ok.
Nurse: All right. So I will leave a message if I don't get a hold of you then and tell him happy birthday for me. I
Patient: Will thank you. Ok. Very good. Have a good day. You too. Thank you. Bye bye bye bye.
