Nurse: Yeah, she wants me to call them and see what type of test all that they've ordered. Yeah. Which I think we can probably tell on your consult as well. So I'm gonna do that as well.
Patient: Ok. Oh, yeah,
Nurse: Let's see. Did she have you do blood work today?
Patient: No, some other doctor did.
Nurse: Ok. So, but you did have it done?
Patient: Yeah, the doctor I see next week.
Nurse: Ok. Right. Yeah, it looks like um, she, yeah, they say that your iron deficiency anemic.
Patient: Yeah. Like that's new.
Nurse: Um, they were going to order tests ferritin iron CBC with Auto Disc. When are they doing? They might have done that for next appointment maybe. And your iron studies were a little bit low again. So, that's why they've got you doing that [PHI-Personal].
Patient: And I'm taking iron three times a day already.
Nurse: Ok. And you're not having any constipation?
Patient: Oh, no, no. Ok. Good.
Nurse: A lot of
Patient: People do. Yeah. But I take magnesium also.
Nurse: Ok. Good.
Patient: And every time I eat fruit or vegetables I get diarrhea. So I'm also taking anti diarrhea. Wow. Yeah. And I wear, depends. [PHI-Personal]. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. That's,
Patient: I know. Tell me about it.
Nurse: Um, and then she did order vitamin D three.
Patient: Oh, shit. Shit. What? Because I have to get my stuff delivered my vitamins and stuff, you know, because I can't drive right.
Nurse: Uh, well, they'll probably have to deliver it Monday.
Patient: Now. They're probably, it's a holiday.
Nurse: Yeah. Maybe the pharmacy will have somebody deliver it Tuesday since their holiday.
Patient: Yeah. I'll have to wait until Tuesday. Yeah. Shoot. And I was home. No, I wasn't home early enough because if you call it in before 10 30 they'll deliver that day. But I wasn't home by then. Got you.
Nurse: All right. Well, I'll be back on Wednesday so I'll probably call and check. She wants me to check on you with your blood pressures. Excuse me? Yeah. So, Um, well, I'm going
Patient: Back for the stress test on Tuesday. Ok. I couldn't get it done this past week because I smoked. Oh,
Nurse: I didn't know you smoked. Yeah. You can't smoke before stress
Patient: Death. Yeah. And I tell our lady, ok, I have another question too. Um, I, I smoked and I called to reschedule and I said to the girl, do you have any advice? You know, what should I do? And, you know, because I, you know, I was nervous and she said, take an Ativan. Ok. And then last week when I talked to her, she said, uh, don't take Lipitor before you go. Ok. Ok. So then this time when I called, I said, I forgot there was two things she told me not to take. She said one was Lipitor and I guess there's another name for it.
Nurse: Uh, atorvastatin calcium is the generic name. That's what you're on. Ok. But the other one you weren't supposed to take was, was it the hydrocortisone or the hydrOXYzine?
Patient: She said nothing. She said I'm allowed to take Lipitor. She said I'm allowed to take everything.
Nurse: Ok. And I thought one of them they didn't want you to take before that,
Patient: That's what I said. I said, are you sure about the Lipitor? She said, yeah, you can take everything.
Nurse: Oh, my gosh, let me see. I saw 11 of the nephrologists or the cardiologist. I mean, yeah, the cardiologist had not wanted, you to take that. Yeah. So I would listen to him.
Patient: I don't know what to do now. I mean, should I call them back and ask the same question? And hopefully I'll get somebody else.
Nurse: Hold on. Let me look. Oh, I know we saw that because I looked it up for you.
Patient: Yeah. You what the,
Nurse: Um, it's not in that one. Do you have any paperwork left over from when you saw cardiology or anything?
Patient: I didn't. Um, yeah. But, yeah,
Nurse: It should say on there. Let me see what I would do is call cardiology. That's why I called and they said, take everything. Yep. Why maybe the provider changed his mind.
Patient: I don't know. I don't know what's going on
Nurse: Now. I can't seem to find it. I know I saw that where you're supposed to stop one of those meds. Yep. Yeah, that is weird. Um, let me check to make sure what nephrology. No, it wasn't there. Hm. When they call to remind you, do, will they call you the day before from today? Ok. And what did they say at the hospital? Did they say to not to take anything?
Patient: No, they, uh, they, they just were calling to remind me any questions, call back and I called back and I said, is there anything that I'm not supposed to take? I said last time when I got this test I was told not to take Lipitor and I said, I can't remember what the other thing was, the girl says, no, there's no limit, no limitations or no whatever. Ok. I don't see that on here.
Nurse: Ok. I don't know where we read that.
Patient: I don't either.
Nurse: Maybe you told me and I said, uh, when I looked up the meds you couldn't remember the name of it.
Patient: Maybe. Yeah.
Nurse: So, I guess just take everything, um, you know, as you're supposed to, um,
Patient: I might not take the Lipitor in the morning just to be on the safe side because, you know, I, I take it at, I take it at night anyway. No, I take it in the morning and at night
Nurse: Atorvastatin that, yeah, it isn't just once a day. It might be. Yeah. I think it's just once a day and it's usually given at night at the last meal.
Patient: Yeah. So I just, I might not take it at, well, I just won't. Yeah, I,
Nurse: It's not gonna hurt to miss it one day. Yeah. Yeah. So, that's probably what I would do and then just go from there.
Patient: Yeah. I thought there was something else I put aside too that I didn't take,
Nurse: I thought it was, um, one of the medications.
Patient: Yeah. One of the steroid things or something.
Nurse: Yeah. And I don't see that one now,
Patient: I don't either. I'll just, but when I got there for the test she didn't ask me about that, she just said, did you have any caffeine or? Smoke and of course I said oh I smoked.
Nurse: Yeah, because nicotine can raise your heart rate. Yeah. Um yeah, I don't see anything now, so we must have talked about the meds that they told you on the phone.
Patient: Yeah. Alrighty. Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. Well I'll let you know what Doctor [PHI-Personal] office says and then um we'll touch base next week. I'm out until two until Wednesday. So if, if, if [PHI-Personal], if you need anything, [PHI-Personal] is here, she can help you or Stacey, either one or if you have questions, but I should be um yeah, but if, if not, then I'll touch base with you towards the end of next week. Ok. Okie
Patient: Dokie. All
Nurse: Right. You have a good weekend.
Patient: Oh. And doctor worth up to my uh BP meds.
Nurse: Ok. I take
Patient: Three of them. Uh uh the midodrine. Yeah, I take three of them three times a day.
Nurse: So 7.5 mg. Three times a day.
Patient: Yeah. No, they're two. Well, they're [PHI-Personal] each. Yeah. Yeah. [PHI-Personal]. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah, I don't see. Let me look on her.
Patient: She just did it today.
Nurse: Yeah, she should have updated the, let me see if she put it in her. Oh oh, she says re with the improved with midodrine restart on five mg T ID to increase the 7.5 mg T ID. Yeah. OK. So did you just get a refill on them?
Patient: No, I still have some
Nurse: Ok, good because
Patient: Um wait, I didn't, I know I have some but I didn't really look and see how many, if I need a refill.
Nurse: I think we just refilled it on the [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Oh, I'm good. Wait, wrong bottle. Yeah, I should be good for. Yeah, a little bit.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: Oh, wait, I'm gonna have to call this into [PHI-Personal] because that takes like a week.
Nurse: Which one? The midodrine or are you getting it at [PHI-Personal] Aid?
Patient: Uh the midodrine that that's from uh hu from [PHI-Personal] and that takes like a week.
Nurse: Yeah we were sending that one into [PHI-Personal] Aid. Ri Yeah.
Patient: Ok. Should I call you when it gets lower? And we'll go back to [PHI-Personal] Aid for a while.
Nurse: Yeah until cause she might have to change it again.
Patient: Yeah this is the [PHI-Personal]. Ok, I'll let you know next week sometime.
Nurse: Ok. Sounds good. Alrighty. Well you have a good weekend. If you need anything you give us a call. Ok. Ok.
Patient: Thank you [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Alright you have a good day. Bye bye. You
Patient: Too. Bye bye.
