Nurse: Ok, I need your full name so I can pull your chart up.
Patient: Van Lev A Ngie. Well, I wasn't really had, I, I didn't have an appointment. I just canceled with small and,
Nurse: Ok, can you verify your birth date?
Patient: Yeah. 8, 12, 55.
Nurse: Ok. Now, as far as you, um, testing positive, you will continue to test positive probably for a couple of weeks.
Patient: Uh, oh, so that means I can't do anything.
Nurse: They, we recommend that you quarantine for five days after the five days. If you're feeling better, if there's no fever, then you can go out in public with a mask for five additional days, but you will probably continue to test positive even though you're out of quarantine.
Patient: Ok. So I been so I'd be like rushing back too soon to get it done if I just wait 67 days, right? If you go
Nurse: To a clinic to get a test, it be, it will still be positive more than likely. I mean, there's a chance it could be negative, but more than likely you're still gonna be positive
Patient: That like the vet said about my dog tested positive for Lymes, but she said she's already had lines before. So it's gonna come back positive. So he said, don't worry about it. I said, ok. Uh no, actually I felt pretty good this morning because my fever was gone. That's what I had was the fever and it was gone. I said, well, heck, the nurse had told me wait, five days would be Friday. So then Saturday, see how you feel. But I had a couple of appointments next week. So you're saying it wouldn't do me any good if I feel better tomorrow to go to that walk. You know what I mean? By the walk in clinic it down there somewhere through [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Geographic] because I saw the thing when you call up. And uh, ok, so you're saying I would probably still test positive. Even after the five days, I rushed, I rushed out to get this COVID test done. Where can you buy your, uh, don't they sell kits or something like that?
Nurse: More than likely you'll be testing positive. I see that you spoke to [PHI-Geographic] yesterday.
Patient: Yeah, I, I forgot her. I didn't get her name but, but I told her about the fever and stuff and the headache and I said the headache went away. That was just a fever. And they said, uh doctor suggested, uh Tylenol for the fever, Tylenol, lots of fluids. So, uh, but I felt better this morning. I finally got finally slept and I haven't been sleeping. I finally slept and uh I felt better this morning. No fever at all. I was glad, but right now I'm just a little bit, really don't, really don't feel that bad when I touch my forehead, you know, so maybe tomorrow will be a better day. But I'll, I'll wait a while because I have a couple of appointments next week. But I just wear a mask when I go, you know.
Nurse: Yeah. When did you test positive? When were you originally diagnosed with COVID? I see. [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Is that right? Or Sunday? The last day of July or Sunday. Yes. Sunday night.
Nurse: Ok. So Monday would have been day one. So it be Monday. Tuesday 124. Yeah, today would be day, today would be day five. So at the end of the day today, as long as you're feeling, well, there's no fever, it's ok to leave the home as long as you wear a mask for five additional days, but you will probably continue to test positive.
Patient: Yeah. Ok. Now I gotta worry about now is monkey pox? Ok. Oh, ok. Ok. Oh yeah. Be
Nurse: [PHI-Personal] with
Patient: Those. Yeah, I wanna be very [PHI-Personal]. I should get associate with anybody. They say you get it from human contact or sweat or something like that. I wanna avoid that. In fact, I'm gonna avoid everybody and I'm gonna wear, wear my mask. Do you recommend me getting that? Uh So remember they had the booster, I already had the first booster. Then they come out they say if you're older, they recommend a second booster. What do you think about that?
Nurse: I would uh talk to [PHI-Personal] or Doctor [PHI-Personal] about that just to make sure I know that there is a certain waiting period. You can't go immediately after you've had COVID to get the booster. You do have to wait a certain allotted amount of time. Mhm. So I would talk to the doctor to see uh when would be the best time for you to get it?
Patient: Ok. But then where would I? Ok. Well, ok, I just gonna act like I don't have it because I don't know where to go, even get tested for the COVID again. You know, that's why I wanted to go get a negative test. But you said that's gonna take quite a while.
Nurse: It, it could, it could take quite a while. Everyone I could, I could,
Patient: I could get lucky. I doubt it with me because I got a very compromised immune system. I hardly any white blood cells at all. Got me worried out. Next time I do labs, I'll talk to, uh, talk to about that, but I just had labs done. I was mentioned they never had all my labs back, but I mentioned can my white blood cells are going down quick? So I don't know. Plus I'm a drinker too which they always on my case about drinking. I think that got a lot to do with the white blood cells. I don't know when to quit. In fact, that's where I learned the, uh, that's how I found out I had COVID. I wanted to quit because I never had appointments coming up. So I wanted to go in and, uh, detox, I went to, they call him a hospital, but all they do was detox. So I went in there and I did all the paperwork and I was eating a sandwich and a can of soda and they tapped me in the shoulder and told me to leave the premises. I said, what do you mean? They said you tested positive for COVID? You gotta be kidding me. They said no, you can't stay here. So I said, why not? They said we don't do, we don't do COVID patients. We don't have a section for them. I said, I'll be damned. I can't even detox. So now I'm just trying to detox at home. So I ain't drank in a few days and you know what happens when you heavy drinker? You get kind of sick, you know. So, ok, well, I I'll keep in touch. Ok? Thank you very much, [PHI-Personal]. You're
Nurse: Welcome. You can also get an over the counter home test to see if you're negative too. If you
Patient: Don't go. That's what I was gonna say. Where do you get one of them at any time? We got them any plan. What do it cost about what I know. [PHI-Personal] don't cover it. So it's gonna, I gotta pay cash for it, right
Nurse: Usually. Mhm. But you talk to the pharmacist to see because some [PHI-Personal] does cover some of them. It just all depends on what kind that you have. But the pharmacist would be able to help you more with that. I might
Patient: Be able to go, I might be able to go through [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal]. But it's, it's
Nurse: Worth asking him.
Patient: Hm. It's what
Nurse: It's worth asking. The pharmacist.
Patient: They always cover, they always say, ask the pharmacist if you can't see the doctor, ask the pharmacist. Mhm. They usually pretty smart.
Nurse: The, yeah, they know more about your insurance and what kind of prescriptions it covers and? Oh
Patient: Yeah, that kind of stuff. Yeah. Yeah, they
Nurse: Would know more about the, if it was covered. Um,
Patient: Well they're pretty good on prescription, they're pretty good on prescriptions too because a lot of times I ask them about the prescriptions. Well, o ok [PHI-Personal], I appreciate your time. Alright. Not a problem. I'll take your advice, ask, ask the pharmacist.
Nurse: Bye bye bye bye.
