Nurse: Ok. She'll be back tomorrow.
Patient: Ok. Well, I wonder what I should do in the meantime. Uh, I got some kind of serious side effects from this stuff.
Nurse: What are you taking?
Patient: I, I'm taking, uh, I don't know, it cost generic for Nebivolll ne ne
Nurse: Let me get you. Let me get your chart pulled up here. Uh,
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: Ok. All right. So what side effects are you having?
Patient: Well, I have a, a rash, itchy rash. Uh, ok. All pretty much on my arms, legs, back shoulders, uh, shortness of breath. I can't sleep at night and no energy. I mean, I feel like I have to push myself to even do anything just lethargic, I guess. Is the word.
Nurse: All right. And how many days has this been going on?
Patient: Oh, about a week and a half week and a half. All right. Actually, it's probably been longer than that. It started probably, it was mild about a week after I started taking this. I've been on this since [PHI-Personal]. So almost a month. Ok. I say it probably started about a week and a half or two weeks after I started taking this. So, for
Nurse: About two weeks. Yeah, it getting
Patient: Progressively worse. Ok. So I just quit taking it for now or, um, probably not today also. Uh, let
Nurse: Me see, but yes, it looks like he is off today.
Patient: Well, II I took my pill this morning. Um, so I guess I just, oh, you're
Nurse: Covered for today anyway, um, [PHI-Personal] is probably there though. Let me look. Yeah, let me, you've already taken it for today, right? So, yes, let me send the message to them and see what they want you to do. I would suspect they're gonna want you to stop it, especially if you're having shortness of breath. Yes. Uh, the
Patient: Rashes and the rash and the itching is
Nurse: About to drive you crazy, I'm sure.
Patient: Yeah. Well, it's kind of a alarming also when you start breaking out rashes.
Nurse: Right? So let me send them a message, see what they want you to do. As soon as I hear back from them, I will give you a call back. Do you want me to call your home number or your cell number? Uh,
Patient: Call my home number? The [PHI-Account] number.
Nurse: Ok. All right. I will send them a message and as soon as I hear back I will let you know. Ok, thank
Patient: You very much. All
Nurse: Right, thank you. Bye bye bye.
