Nurse: And I, and I appreciate you telling me that. I mean, do you, you know, like I said, I knew we were coming in for just more or less the acute today. Yes, I mean, are you planning to keep your appointment to come back on the [PHI-Personal]
Patient: Then? Yes, I am. But, but that was about to get pushed further and I had to, to speak up and say no, I need, I need help, right? I don't care if it's a controlled substance or not, but I, I I looked on my chart and it said something like muscular disorder, not otherwise specified. No, it is. I keep saying it's called stiff person syndrome. So how is, do I have to wait for every person to, to evaluate me to believe what I'm suffering from because they don't see it Right.
Nurse: What happened? Did you did your other physician who actually diagnosed you, who gave you that? What happened with that relationship between you and
Patient: I was having to pay her $2500 a year for her services prior to her, I was seeing a doctor who I was complaining about physical issues and the doctor said you were just anxious and when I went for a second opinion, they found that my liver was, was failing and it wasn't just anxiety. So I'm used to this and I'm willing to tow the line and I'm willing to build rapport and I'm willing to develop trust. But this is starting to be frustrating because I've been with this specific company now for almost nine months and I can't even have the same person every time. So every time it's a new time and we're looking at almost two years without anything for the stress and the stress is what causes the muscle rigidity. And there are specific pills based on this diagnosis that work, whether it's [PHI-Geographic] or any other person doing research on this condition. And I understand it's a controlled substance. So I can't show my agitation. And again, as I said, I'm willing to earn rapport, but I detoxed off of the Valium when I had to leave that other appointment, I've done this all based on my own discipline. And if I have to walk into every appointment with people, assuming I'm going to abuse a substance that I need. I'm tired of that. I'm an upstanding person with integrity who has been doing this for a long time. Absolutely. And I apologize for getting emotional, but this is becoming frustrating
Nurse: Here. I told you this is what we talk about. This is safe zone. Ok. Safe zone. I promise you, you know, I don't
Patient: Want anybody to put their careers on the line, but I have to be given a chance to earn trust and I'm having to ration medications I need, I'm on, I'm possibly going to get an adjunct professorship at the college that I'm helping with nursing. I can't do all this with nothing. I'm suffering.
Nurse: And again, you know, uh there's so many this person handles this, this person handles this and, and I get, I respect that. That's all frustrating for you. What about just pain management clinic? Would, would something like that be able where they are a little bit more freer if you jump through the hoops of your testing and counting and things like that.
Patient: I I'm truly unsure to my knowledge, it's Valium baclofen and possible uh anti inflammatories and there's an ease in giving the baclofen. But that is a muscle rela relaxant. It is not an anti anxiety, anti seizure medication and this is something where the seizures happen because of the anxiety, right? So there are medications that work. I've had 25 years of having a mental illness. Why do I still have nothing for anxiety? It's all in my charts,
Nurse: Right? Um Do you want me to reach out to doctor? Like I, I don't wanna step on toes. I mean, by all means, you know, but I'm happy to send her a message.
Patient: I have fear of presenting as someone who is an addict and by, by creating an urgency around the medication, I have worked in the hospital systems. I have worked with the mentally ill. I understand that some people look at that as someone who needs the medicine and I am so fearful of looking like I am in need of a controlled substance, but I also need it. So I don't mind waiting until the [PHI-Personal]. But if that is done, well, let's wait for another three months and see how this goes. I was given 10 2 mg Valium and told to cut them in half for three months. That's insane and inappropriate and I'm not going to file grievances, but I feel a need to verbalize this. I am not being cared for appropriately
Nurse: And well, like I said, I, I will, I will respect whatever you want me to say. I'm I'm happy to send a message that, that you called me or if you don't want me to. That's ok too. I mean, you know that that's I'm putting the ball back in your court because you dealt with this, your situation. I know what I go through with my situation with the autoimmune and I have the Baclofen. I have the Xanax II. I understand. I get it. I totally get
Patient: It. There are people, if they, if they have anxiety to get on an airplane, they could go get a Benzo right now. And I have to jump through 1000 hoops. And I have been doing this for 25 years and I haven't abused a single substance. I am the one taking myself off medical marijuana. I am the person who took myself off Benzos last time. I just wanna feel better, right. So there are some stigmas that are occurring right now based on the medication and possibly my history, but it's incredibly frustrating. So I will wait until my next appointment. But I felt the need to air this grievance to someone who was part of my care
Nurse: Team. Absolutely. Absolutely. And I, and I, I think that you trust me for doing that too that you called me. I mean, like I said, I, I, I'm just gonna, I really want to say something though. I really want to say, you know that. But again, I keep circling back to this pain management. I get, it's not so much the pain, but it's the symptoms that you have to manage because of the condition.
Patient: Sure. But I am to, in my opinion, there is one medication I need. So I don't need to go to other places where they might offer more pills. I do have somewhat of a fragile chemistry
Nurse: If they would be willing to prescribe the quote unquote cocktail of what you need though, it would be worthwhile to at least have an eval
Patient: If I, if I can give you full disclosure. Uh My, my father has a doctor friend who was already offered to write it up as well, but I feel like circumventing my care team to get a controlled substance only adds to me looking like someone who needs a controlled substance. So I don't believe that that always works in my benefit to go around someone not willing to give it. Sometimes I feel like that makes me look more like, I don't know, it's, it's a double edged sword. I need it, but sometimes when you look like you need it, you present as an addict. So it's just a very fine
Nurse: Line. But if you didn't need it, you wouldn't be there. So, I mean, you know, I agree, I understand and, and I think because I, I have seen both sides of the spectrum. I've been on that side as well as being in healthcare, you know, um it, I, I think I understand a little bit better. So, but again, I'm not the one as you that can prescribe meds and things where we're the nurse part. Um But, you know, we're the ones that truly get in to see the patient, one on one, talk to them you know.
Patient: Right. I mean, they get the credit if she was just the once and done today and then I have to see somebody else and that's going to be the person I see regularly. I'm willing to continue to wait, but I just can't keep doing this. I have a life that is continuing to improve and I deserve a chance to live it. And I don't have to keep suffering because of how I'm being perceived by people who won't read my charts or believe what they're reading. If they do now, this is starting to be silly. I understand.
Nurse: I mean, like I said, well, I'll leave things as is then. But, you know, like I said, I'll just write a note that you called me back. I won't actually send her a message. Um But yes,
Patient: Because I'm not sure that that's like she said, that was a visit for sickness. It wasn't a full assessment or an email. So I'm ok with that,
Nurse: That going in, I'm just gonna say you call me back to give an update about the Reflux. And we started talking about this and you're willing to wait to the appointment and hope that things can get on track. How is that? Right?
Patient: Yeah, that's fine. But I kind of poured my soul out to her and I was telling her everything I just told you and she said, well, I can't really help you with that. And at that moment, I kind of looked at the floor and just felt incredibly small because there was a very quick deflection of it like it wasn't even allowed to be discussed and I need to be allowed to discuss it. I am suffering. I am a patient who is speaking to the people who are meant to care for me. So I do not need to be shut down every time the word Valium comes out of my mouth. But we can talk about, uh, GERD medicine and propranolol all we want, but it gets shut down when we talk about the one med that I was told I needed that. The only reason I couldn't continue to get it is because I couldn't pay for the doctor who initiated the prescription. I'm on disability and unemployed.
Nurse: When is the last time you've seen? So it's been over a year since you've seen the, the physician, that physician?
Patient: Yeah. Well, o over a year and then it was just about a year when I started seeing, um, [PHI-Personal] and then she didn't give it to me initially. And then I saw her for this. So there's six months and she gave me 10 to break in half. So that's 20 doses over three months, which would lead us to August [PHI-Personal]. So now we're looking at 21 months.
Nurse: Yeah. Ok. Um, yeah, I was just gonna say I didn't know if there was any way that, so if the other provider knew you that they would do a fill,
Patient: But I could reach out to her. But again, I, I am somewhat hesitant to do any fill in any direction solely because of the fact that it's a controlled substance. And I, it's just very important to develop a trusting relationship and
Nurse: I get that, I get that, but at the same time you're the one fighting your symptoms. Yes. The one who looks normal on the outside who's struggling on the inside.
Patient: Yes. And that is hard to just kind of be told in five minutes that everything I'm describing is either in my head or that the person looking at me doesn't see it. I don't care if they don't see it. I need someone to believe me. I've earned that respect. I have a very, I have a lot of integrity in my suffering. And if it's all for not, then that is somewhat of a hopeless scenario because if I'm gonna be treated like someone who abuses meds when I have never abused a single substance other than alcohol when I was manic, this is getting old. I'm almost [PHI-Personal] years old. I have earned something.
Nurse: Oh, absolutely. Absolutely. But I, I see, I see transparency with you. I don't see that you're trying to hide anything. You know, I, I think you're fully transparent. So, um, I, I, I'm just lucky that I had, it took me, uh, uh, many PC PS to get the little pa that I have and honestly, she's probably 28 30. I think she's scared of the old nurse with me because I'll go in, you know, and I'll go in and start asking questions and sometimes I think some, maybe I don't wanna say I intimidate her. But, you know, I think sometimes she just get, tells me that, order the test or this lab just, just to humor me because she doesn't wanna deal with me.
Patient: But, and we'll keep that ace in the hole because it still might be necessary. But for now, I don't mind staying the course and I just felt the need to verbalize
Nurse: This. But there are days that when the autoimmune get so bad that, I mean, I'll schedule an appointment and honestly just go in there and say I literally can't do this anymore. And, you know, she'll take me back up off the floor, we'll talk about things, we'll do the reassurance. Well, the symptoms hadn't got you yet [PHI-Personal], you know. Um, but it is, um, it is good to have somebody and I hope, like I said, we can develop the trust. I, I, I'll be honest, you know, as a nurse to nurse, I can't solve all of your problems, but I'm definitely in your court and definitely always willing to listen. So,
Patient: And I appreciate it. I just, uh, I appreciate, uh, you disclosing that and I'm aware of that. I just felt the need to take advantage of the fact that you will listen to me because this is something I felt necessary to verbalize.
Nurse: Like I said, it doesn't solve the problem, but sometimes it can make the chest a little bit lighter when you can get it out of your system. You know. And, but, um, like I said, try, try the GERD, let, let's go the route, try it and see, you know, I, uh, stranger things have happened. I know I went, my brother, he's [PHI-Personal]. He kept telling me, I kept saying you got reflux and he's like, no, I don't. No, I don't. No, I don't. And sure enough it, it's,
Patient: It's not gonna make my legs work better. It's not gonna make my heartbeat slower. It's not going to change what I had prior to this sore throat. That's, this is just some new symptoms and I, I will follow the protocol, but it's, I'm tired of being looked at like someone is deciphering whether or not I'm telling them the truth about what I experience daily. This is my life.
Nurse: I'm just really sorry you have to go through it. I really am because I, I can't imagine that the day in and day out, just the, the mental and physical exhaustion, you know, it goes hand in hand and, you know, um, the anxiety once you get on that, that roller coaster, it is so hard to get back off of
Patient: It. And you know, as well that once you're medicated, it doesn't make the suffering stop. It just makes it more manageable. So I'm not looking to be perfect. I'm looking to have a little bit of relief so I can continue to do what I'm doing. Well,
Nurse: Sometimes it's not one day at a time, it's one hour at a time. So, you know, just being able to because, you know, with the symptoms, um, and like I said, I'm about 10% of what you have. You know, sometimes you wake up at six and think you're gonna conquer the world and by noon you back just like, not completely out. So, you know, but like I said, don't give up. Please keep, keep the, keep the course. Call me, scream holler, I'm here for you. I am. But, you know, at the same time, let's jump through the hoops as you say, you know, and, and I'm, I wish health care wasn't like this, you know, but sadly, you know, as, as we've talked, COVID really tipped a lot of Apple Cart here, you know, with all of the, the pandemics and the new rules and this and that and the isolation, I mean, you know, everything and then you factor in all of the bad news of gas prices, food prices, medication, you know, and everyone is just gotten on this, this roller coaster that people who, who have never experienced this. You, you, you know what to do, you know? Um, but it's just so over stressed the system and that doesn't make it right by all means. You know, I'm not saying I'm not trying to make an excuse, but sadly, you know, it's changed a lot of ways of thinking, should I say?
Patient: And unfortunately, I kind of experienced this stuff even prior to the apple cart tipping. So I'm just, I'm much healthier than I was when I experienced it. And I, I would like to believe that as I have stabilized, my condition that I can be taken seriously still and trusted by the people who I am dependent upon.
Nurse: Mhm. Absolutely. I understand that
Patient: It's like if it never changes, if I get better and I'm still treated like I'm some volatile, unstable person, even when I've improved my life, then that is very frustrating.
Nurse: Well, but I know you get up every day with the mindset. I'm gonna make this the best day I can. I mean, I can, I just know that, I mean, here you're, you're sick yourself and you're out advocating for other people. So that tells me that you're a selfless person, you know that you're not. And so I, I have mad respect for you to be able to do that when you don't feel good yourself. So thank
Patient: You and I will. That's my calling. I, I am a servant. I am, I am serving my community and as far as I will get to go. Uh But I, again, I just, but
Nurse: Also think of the people who weren't blessed with the knowledge that you have and them trying to navigate the system. Think about that. So that's what keeps me going on. The days that I don't feel good is knowing. I have to help someone else have a better way, a better understanding, you know. Uh it's, it's sometimes it's, it's the littlest joy that, you know, successes, whatever that keep you going, you know, had a man who was gonna have to go off of his Trulicity and his other insulin because I couldn't afford it anymore. $450 a month. You know, and he's like, I wanna be healthy but I can't. So, you know, we went through not
Patient: Wealthy enough to be healthy.
Nurse: No. And it's sad, isn't it? This is amazing. Sad. Um, so got through all the paperwork found out. Not only they're gonna pay for the one now, but they're gonna pay for both of them. So, it's like $600 a month, you know, and that, that he teared up on the phone and, you know, and it was just like, oh, my gosh, this is so amazing that he can still continue to have an A one C of 6.2 you know. Right. Yeah. But he wasn't going to be able to do that because he got in the donut hole in July with medications because they got so expensive. So you know, it is. So just remember those little little joys that you do and hopefully they can get you through the next few days because you know, we we need you out here, we need you out here doing this. So thank you. Yeah, but I'm always a phone call away. I promise. Ok. You know, like I said, you know, how about I, I had said I would call you next week. How about you? Call me uh since, since this wasn't anything like antibiotic wise or anything. How about you? Call me after your appointment and give me an update. How is that? Ok. Sounds good. But if you need something before then just ring the phone. Ok. Ok. All right. Thank you. Take care. Thank you too. Uh huh bye.
