Nurse: Did you get my message?
Patient: Yes, I was out on the road with my boss here. So that's
Nurse: Ok. I, yeah. No, that's fine. I just wanna make sure you got it. So, yeah, he recommended, recommended Mucinex.
Patient: Yeah, I'm pretty sure we have some at home. So I'll, I'll give you
Nurse: Try that and see. How did you sleep last night any better or?
Patient: Uh, yeah, I slept better until the CPAP just gave me issues and then I took it off and then I slept. I'm thinking there's something going on with that CPAP machine because it, it a lot of pressure that doesn't, doesn't let me breathe actually. So I tried, I tried to exhale and I, it's not there. It's like fighting me.
Nurse: Have you called about it?
Patient: Yeah, I'm gonna call, uh, I had it on for [PHI-Personal] hours and it seemed ok and then all of a sudden I woke up and it was like fighting me. So I actually got up around [PHI-Personal] o'clock and got in my chair and fell asleep. So I asleep for like, three hours. Ok. Yeah, I actually slept good last night
Nurse: And that was without the CPAP.
Patient: Yeah. And I actually slept better without the CPAP on which normally that's not the case. Uh, normally I can't, you know, I'm snoring or not. I haven't snored. I mean, I'm like, well, ok, what's going on here because normally I need the CPAP to sleep comfortably and it never bothered me with the old CPAP, but this one just seems to bother me. It just, I don't know why I'm gonna, I gotta get a hold of doctor and leave a message with them folks tomorrow.
Nurse: Yeah, that's what I would do. And, and it, the um the face mask fits. Ok.
Patient: Yeah, it's a face mask. I've been using actually they had recommended it like two years ago when I, when I was up there and, and uh I love that the face mask has never been an issue. It's just for some reason, the pressure when I exhale, it's not, it's like lifting the mask off almost. So I thought, well, maybe my relief valve is blocked. So I put another angle on right where it goes into the mask because there's a pressure valve there, like two little flaps that didn't do anything. The, the same thing. So
Nurse: Yeah, it almost sounds like, yeah, like you're right, there's something, something there with the, the air coming out and the return air is not. There's not, yeah, the
Patient: Return air I'm having to fight, almost fight, you know. I'm, I'm right. When I wake up I feel like I'm hyperventilating. It's like, now, wait a minute. This isn't right. You know.
Nurse: Oh, yeah. Yeah, I would definitely call them and see if you can get in there and,
Patient: Well, they can induct it. I think either it's supposed to be at seven, whatever that number pressure is. And, uh, I had it for about a week before they got in there and change the pressure and I didn't have any issues. So I'm wondering if we don't need to cut it back to maybe [PHI-Personal] again where it used to be. I think it was [PHI-Personal] or [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Yeah, I would because
Patient: I was snoring at night and I said, well, I, either way I'm gonna still snore if I lay on my back.
Nurse: Right. Right.
Patient: Yeah, that doesn't take care of the snoring issue. So,
Nurse: Mm. Mm. Yeah. Other than
Patient: That I feel much better today. I, I got, I got a bunch of other family members. Not, not in my home though, but that are sick with this thing.
Nurse: Oh, no. Yeah.
Patient: My niece just talk to her. Some of her family is down with it. You know, I haven't seen her for a while. She lives in another, over in the valley, over [PHI-Geographic].
Nurse: But, yeah. Well, hopefully, uh, hopefully I'll recover. Well,
Patient: Yeah, they are. They're just like, it's a nuisance, basically the same thing, you know,
Nurse: It is, it
Patient: Is like I had cold and fever and then it's, fever is gone and then it's achy and, you know, it's just like a nuisance.
Nurse: Right. Right. Um, yeah. Well, it sounds like at this point it's, yeah, more your CPAP the problem than anything else. But definitely if you're still congested, try that Mucinex, see if that helps and then definitely be getting in touch with. Yeah, Doctor [PHI-Personal] office and
Patient: See. Yeah, I'm gonna give them a call tomorrow. Um, yeah, I, I can pull up that way so maybe I can stop by but I have to go up that way tomorrow for other business and uh, up to north I can give him a call but uh, I'm gonna ask him, hey, how about setting it back to [PHI-Personal] or something? And let's try that for a week. Yeah. Do you,
Nurse: Do you have a, um, what's it called? A pulse ox? Do you know what that
Patient: Is? Yeah, on my watch. Yeah, I've been checking it.
Nurse: Ok. Well, no, but
Patient: That, that checks your,
Nurse: Oh, it does. Yeah, I have a smart oxygen. That's crazy. Yeah, I
Patient: Actually checked my oxygen so kind of the same system as what I had with the ambulance except it's in my walk. So I've been running [PHI-Account]%.
Nurse: Ok? Even when you wake up like in the middle of the night.
Patient: No, I haven't checked in the middle of the night, but I'm gonna,
Nurse: Yeah, I'd be curious
Patient: This, yeah.
Nurse: You know, I, I'd be curious to see what it is.
Patient: I'll, I'll leave it on because there's actually I'll leave, I usually take it off, but I'll leave it on tonight. Now that you mentioned that there is an alert on here.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. I'd
Patient: Be curious. It's my oxygen saturation. If I set it up, if it gets low it'll beep.
Nurse: OK. Yeah, we'll try that tonight and see what happens because if you're saying you're feeling like you're hyperventilating when you wake up.
Patient: Yeah. If I'm hyperventilating, I'm probably, I'm probably gonna be at 100% if I'm hyperventilating. At least that's what I remember from ambulance because I uh we try and get, you feel
Nurse: Like you're having a hard time breathing the back. Yeah, you have a hard time catching your breath. No, you just
Patient: Wake up and then it's like, ok, I'm, I'm breathing fast and I gotta slow down. It only takes like 15 seconds and I'm like, OK, I leave the mask off and boom, I'm back asleep. Yeah. It's like, yeah, that's crazy. I really think it's the pressures on the CPAP. I don't know if that pressure is accurate or it seems like it's a lot more than what it used to be on my other, like, it's forcing air into my lungs.
Nurse: Right. Huh. Yeah. That's inter, if
Patient: I, if I exhale and I don't have that mask tight. It's leaking out around the side just, you know. Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. Well, I'll check back in with you again next week and see how everything's going. Let me know if you get that, uh, if you get your CPAP figured out or.
Patient: Yeah, I'm gonna see if they'll do something. At least I said it's not gonna hurt to lower to [PHI-Personal]. I mean, no, they only, they only put it up because they because I said I was snoring about a year and a half ago or so and I said hey I said this ain't gonna stop the snoring. Well let's try it but I I'm a side sleeper so.
Nurse: Ok. All right. Well I will check back in next week if you would need anything before then though. Just give me a call and try that Mucinex and see if that helps at all. Ok? Yeah I'm
Patient: Gonna I'm gonna hit that tonight. I'm pretty sure we have some at home. We keep a supply of that stuff at home.
Nurse: All right, very good. Well um like I said if you need anything just let me know. Alrighty,
Patient: I appreciate your time. Oh you're
Nurse: Very welcome. Have a good day. You too. Thank you so much. You're welcome. Bye bye
Patient: Bye.
