Nurse: Eye drops.
Patient: Yeah, but I go see Doctor [PHI-Personal] uh, Wednesday so I would just see him right?
Nurse: And if he doesn't let me know, OK. And then we'll see what we need to do from there. Ok. How, how are you feeling this morning
Patient: In pain? Really? My back is killing me.
Nurse: Does it usually hurt in the mornings worse? Yeah. Yeah, mine too. I, I know how that feels and it's awful
Patient: And they give me medication, they give me medication but I don't like to take it right when I get up.
Nurse: Yeah.
Patient: And
Nurse: Have you used the um, have you used any of that? The creams like Biofreeze or Voltaren gel?
Patient: Yeah, I use the whole job of bio free. Now I got the roll on.
Nurse: Yeah. Does it help you at all.
Patient: Not really. But what that, what, uh, I put that on, I put on a bare,
Nurse: Ok. Good. One thing, one thing that has helped me a little bit, um, like I've tried all the patches, I've tried all the creams, you know, they're really, none of them are effective. But I did start getting, um, salon pas patches. I don't know if you've ever tried those but those,
Patient: Is that right?
Nurse: Prescription for it or? No, ma'am? No, ma'am. They're kind of, they're kind of expensive. They're over the counter and they're kind of expensive. I hate paying for them, but they're worth it to United
Patient: Health Card. It, they give me 100 and $2025 a whatever I need on the,
Nurse: I would try that. Just get one box and see how it called pa, the line part. You got a pen and I'll spell it for you.
Patient: Ok. Ok. Ok. Me. Ok. Go ahead.
Nurse: It's salon pas. Ok. And those, you know, I still hurt, right. Because I have chronic pain. So you, I'm still gonna hurt but I have
Patient: Chronic pain.
Nurse: Mhm. But those have helped more than anything else as far as the over the counter, like the creams or the patches or whatever. They've worked a lot better than icy hot or biofreeze for me. And every time I
Patient: Tell the doctor, my doctor he always wanna do a procedure and they, the one messed up my back. And my mom's foot. I don't know why we keep going there. They can't wait for me to heal. So, my, I need to think about getting a pain pump and doctor, uh, told me to stay away from all them surgeons wanna cut on me.
Nurse: Yeah, I, I think that it's a, it's a double edged sword, you know, we don't, we don't wanna have to go through all that, but at the same time they're just trying to make it. So you're not hurting so bad.
Patient: Yeah. But you know, I rather just go ahead and take the medicine and do like I've been doing for years, get up, up and do it once in a while even though it don't last long. But at least it relieves some of that pressure for two days. Yeah. [PHI-Personal]
Nurse: Those, try those salon patches like I told you because we got to, we got to figure something out to, to at least manage the pain a little bit better because with your BP and your diabetes, when you're in pain like that, your body is trying to fight the pain, right? So it's not able to work to fight the other things going on in your body that needs to like your like your diabetes and your high BP, your BP can, will go up with, with pain. So we just have to be mindful of that. I know that you don't wanna take the medication but I also know how it feels to have chronic pain and how it hurts. Yes. So, if you have to take the medication, take it, but here's what I say about that medication. What, what do you have, like Norco or what do you take? Let me see here.
Patient: I take uh,
Nurse: Ok, so what I say about that medication is when you're taking the fast acting, don't wait until you're in such severe pain that you feel like? Oh my gosh, I have to take one. Right. Because at that point, your body's receptors are already firing off and they're not gonna slow down because of that little medicine you're taking whenever you notice. Mm. I'm not feeling good. You need to take one so that it can keep you from getting to the point where you're in such severe pain that it won't work. Does that make sense? Yeah. OK. Because they
Patient: Want me to take the medicine before I start hurting. So when I, like I say, when I get up in the morning, I don't want medicine because I took so much the night before
Nurse: I know, I know, but that, that will help you function throughout the day if you're hurting. Yeah. True. So just, just think about those things. I know my, my husband hates medication but you know, if you have to take it, if you have to take it to be functionable through the day, is it work? Uh you have to look at benefits and risks. Yes, there's risks to every medication that you take. But what benefit is it gonna give you? And is that worth the risks that could come with it? Ok. Ok. All right, [PHI-Personal]. Well, I'm gonna let you get on with your day, but I just want you to try those salon patches and see if this help you. Ok? And then if you need to take your pain medicine, don't hesitate to take it if you're hurting and don't let your pain get out of control before you do something about it. Ok.
Patient: All right. Happy Thanksgiving and hopefully I'll talk to you.
Nurse: Uh Yes, ma'am. Thank you. You as well. Tell mom, I said, hey and have a great week.
Patient: Ok. She, when she hit me on the phone, boy, she up,
Nurse: That's a mama for you, isn't it?
Patient: Yes. All right then. Thank you.
Nurse: Thank you, Miss Sandra. Have a good day and a good week. You too. Bye bye. Mm bye bye.
