Nurse: Good. So I was just calling to check in on you, see how everything's going. Um, I see you have a colonoscopy coming up. Yes. Um, anything else scheduled or any concerns? Any changes?
Patient: No, no, no, I, I did have COVID Labor Day weekend. Oh,
Nurse: Ok. How are you feeling now?
Patient: Just a little tired. But, you know, some of that's the carvedilol too. So I can't really, um, I survived 2.5 years with no, you know, no COVID. Then husband got it for the second time to get, uh, and then I had, uh, CT scan yesterday. The results are, everything is stable. Um, the colonoscopy. I had to go to the cardiologist to get approved for the colonoscopy, which made me nuts. But I understand why, you know, when you have cardio, you know, it's funny because I don't ever think of myself as having a heart problem, you know. Right. It, because it doesn't really affect me. Um, so, uh, but other than that everything's good. So I see next week. So, we'll see what, what the story is and that kind of stuff.
Nurse: Ok. Um, any medication changes? No, everything still working for you? Ok. Yeah. Ok. Um, no upset stomach or dizziness after taking. No. Ok, perfect. And then do you check your sugar daily?
Patient: Four times a day?
Nurse: Ok. All right. How are your sugars looking?
Patient: Uh, they're better than they were. So I don't, uh, kind of been around with the times that I do the um short acting after dinner, not during day but after dinner I I don't do it before I eat I do it I I'm doing it after I eat and I seem to get a better result in the morning. Ok, so we'll we'll see what he has to say about that probably not gonna be you know so um uh hopefully you know the A [PHI-Personal] C down a little so we see what you yeah.
Nurse: Alright you haven't had any highs or lows?
Patient: I had a couple of lows but that's not unusual for me.
Nurse: Um how low did you drop?
Patient: Um I'm gonna say [PHI-Personal]
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Now were you having symptoms of low sugar?
Patient: Well see this is what happens sometimes when it's at [PHI-Personal] I can uh you know like I get that funny feeling but not like you know, so I said if it's [PHI-Personal] I'm like, oh ok you know and I'll eat a little something or whatever but other than that sometimes it'll be a [PHI-Personal] I don't even realize it. So that's why, say, you know, because at least it keeps me, you know, if I see I'm running in the [PHI-Personal] twenties or well lower I can keep a better eye on it or just have a little, you know, some carbs rather than, you know, protein. So, and it seems to work itself out. But what I do is when that happens I have four ounces of whole milk. And if I wait and have the patience to wait because I don't know if you know, but you can sometimes become voraciously hungry when that ha and nothing seems to satisfy that feeling uh of the low blood sugar. But if you can make yourself wait those 10 minutes to 15 minutes after you drink the milk, it kinda, it starts going up and then you can have, you know, have some protein and it seems to even help out. It took me a long time to learn how to do that. I used to like stuff my face for a half an hour when it would be low. No, it's hard. Not easy because that's what you feel like you just feel like you have to keep eating because otherwise it's gonna keep dropping, which is the opposite. Really what you need to do.
Nurse: Yeah. Well, and it's amazing because the body reacts to it's environment situation by giving you those signals. So, like if your sugar is too high. You feel really thirsty because your body is trying to get you to drink water to flush out all that excess sugar when it's
Patient: Low. That doesn't happen to me though. Ok. That's, yeah, [PHI-Personal] is that I am never thirsty. You would think it would be the opposite because I'm diabetic. I am never, never. My husband's like, how do you? I said, I don't know. I'm just, I don't feel thirsty. So when my sugar does go up, well, like if it goes up on its own, I have the, the other issue I have too is after I eat my blood sugar four hours later can still be up. Mm. Ok. Even with insulin and everything else. So, uh, it like, so they label me a brittle diabetic. I just don't have normal symptoms that everybody else has. Yeah. So you kind of have to pay attention and watch, you know?
Nurse: Yeah. And everybody's different. Some people will exhibit symptoms that I've never even heard of somebody exhibiting for diabetes. It's just in how your specific body reacts. And so, yeah, learning the signs and symptoms that your body is giving you is the best way to manage. You can usually tell without even checking your sugar. Like, uh, something's not right. This is starting to happen. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah. And sometimes you get it, it, sometimes you get full, like the other night. I said, oh, it's crapping. It was 1 27. I was like, what? But sometimes it would be that it dropped from 200 to 1 20 you know, like it, it did a fast slide with, you know, was staying up and, um, and so that's what it is and, and you can't, you know, you can't always tell the difference. So, you know, you saying, what did I eat? What did I have? Why is it, you know, why do I feel like this? And then I was a drop because maybe I had too many carbs at dinner or whatever. But it's dropping to a normal range. But you still get that strange feeling, which is fine because then you check it, you feel ok, it's 1 27. That's fine. You know. So it's just a place right here. It's constant is, I mean, you know, I've gone, I wanted to talk to him about switch it. Like, possibly I can't do the freestyle libre because I have breast cancer. So I can only use [PHI-Personal] on. No, use an arm for free style. But Dexcom, you can use the abdomen. However, I, I don't like what I'm reading about it. You know, the unit doesn't work. They don't, they don't send you a new unit. You know, so you're paying for things and it's more expensive. Yeah. So, you know, I, I'm not really, you know, I know it would give me better control but I'm paying a fortune for insulin.
Nurse: Yeah. Oh, yeah.
Patient: I, I, my my years at this point is in January, it's 400 but right now a month, just the Levemir. Nothing else. It's terrible. Awful. It really is terrible. So, that's [PHI-Personal] of the reasons I didn't even wanna switch to Dexcom because you have, you have to pay for the units, people complaining they're supposed to stay on 14 days, they only work for 10. So, you, in my mind you're wasting money doing that. Could I re you out? But you know what? I don't know. I think I always took myself at her. So, yeah, you know, they wanted me on Farxiga and I wouldn't go on it because it was 100 and $44 a month. Mm. I said, I'm not doing it. I said I can't afford it. I said I can't be paying out over $500 a month for insulin and supply. It's crazy. You know, you can't do that. So, you know, so, uh, you know, they decided that somebody said, oh, it'll protect Opr. I said, listen, I'm on Lisinopril and have been since I was diagnosed having diabetes. I said, and now with the carvedilol, I was able to lower the Lisinopril to five a day. So I, I said, why would I pay 100 and $40 a month when I can use Lisinopril for like eight bucks, you know, so it's the same kind of thing. And I go to cardiologist. It's not like they care of myself, you know. Yeah. Yeah.
Nurse: Well, if you ever need any further assistance with managing anything whatsoever, um you know, give me a call, I'm always here as an added resource for you. Ok. Yeah, so I will reach out to you again in a month or two. Hope everything goes well with your colonoscopy and like I said, just give me a call if you need anything. Ok? Thanks a lot. Yeah, you're welcome. Have a good day. Thanks. Bye bye.
