Nurse: If you feel like it's not a monthly thing that's needed, then like I said, the nurse can contact every two months or three months.
Patient: Yeah. Um, and it is covered by [PHI-Personal]. You said
Nurse: It is a billable service to [PHI-Personal]. So [PHI-Personal] covers 80%. They leave a balance of 20% which then goes over to secondary if there is one.
Patient: Ok. Yeah, we do have a secondary. Um, so what's all involved in enrolling in, in it? Uh just
Nurse: Basically informing me if uh what hours are preferred and that would be basically it, I'll just review your address so I can mail out the information and then you'll just expect a call in about two weeks for the initial call.
Patient: And then she, this person is gonna be calling and just seeing how he's doing or what I'm correct. Quite
Nurse: Sure. Yeah, to see how he's doing if there's anything that's needed, um, the nurse can assist with not just doctor as a provider, but if he's got specialists, sometimes it's hard to get in touch with some specialist, the nurse would be definitely be able to reach out sometimes uh as nurses, they can get in contact with providers much quicker than us as patients can. Right.
Patient: Right. So, instead of calling the doctor office, this would be the direction to you
Nurse: Would have more of a direct contact with the nurse. Correct? And it would be the same nurse every time.
Patient: Oh, ok. That's, I mean, isn't that the same as just calling doctor's office or what? Uh, I
Nurse: Mean, absolutely. Uh, I'm not sure the experience that you're having at doctors office. I know sometimes there's a delay in responses. Um, like I said, this is just helping doctor and our patients just stay with open communication and [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Yeah. Hm. Ok. Uh you know, let me, you know, can I, you know, can I talk it over with my husband and, and then I can call this number again and uh give you an answer. Is that
Nurse: Ok? Absolutely. That would definitely be ok. I appreciate that. Um I can give us a call back so we don't continue to [PHI-Personal] you and call. Yeah.
Patient: And so what I request you is that who I would talk? Yeah. Ok. Ok. All right. Ok. Thank you that, yeah, I, yeah, I, I'll let you know. Ok,
Nurse: Thanks. Thanks. You have a great day.
Patient: You too. Thanks. Bye bye.
