Nurse: Oh, [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Yes, I know. Oh, I
Nurse: Know. Oh, well, you know it, that's kind of when I look at the whole picture that's very detrimental to my health. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, that's, that's, that's, that's adult abuse. I mean, and there was no, I mean, nobody knows how, why or why it was mixed up so bad and, and, and, and doctor was shocked when I was there the other day. She was like, I can't believe it was a week ago Monday. She was just shocked and other, I mean, this like a gas and that, that could have happened and she showed me where it was ordered and where other things were ordered and, and, you know, and, and it just
Patient: Right and like, I know that me and you had talked about it in the past when we were trying to go back and forth with, I think Nicole at the office and they, the insurance was saying they needed some type of like prior authorization. And then, um, you know, that's why they sent it to [PHI-Personal]. And then I had to, I know me and you were talking about it and I had to let them know that, uh, you know, unless [PHI-Personal] was going to mail it to you, you could not, you know, go there and pick it up. So I, I definitely feel like it's just been round and round in circles and I do apologize. Hopefully whenever you start it again, you'll be able to get that A one C down and, and back on track and,
Nurse: And I did get my, um, uh, Gluco Glucometer, Glucometer. But I don't, I have a venture to do it. It's like scares me and I, um, I just haven't been able to start it yet. I got it. I think I got it Saturday. I, I'm not sure. I think it was Saturday and all, but I, I, I'm looking at it, it's on my table and I think it's something else I have to do and learn how to do it. II, I was hoping I could get a friend to help me with it. But, um, it wasn't possible but I'm, I'm gonna, somehow, other things are working out. I have a whole bunch of stuff on my agenda to call and, and the dentist they didn't know when they were going to. So I missed that. Just all kinds of, you already know what's doing. I mean, you could, you could write a, a book. So could I with all the crazy chaos and you? Thank you. And um yeah,
Patient: Um so what I'll do too is I'll send you some information like I have some um steps by steps on how to use the glucometer like with pictures. Um I'll send those to you through the mail. But how about also once you get the Janumet tomorrow and you start it, I'll call you back next week and um maybe me and you can kind of go over it on the phone together even if you don't poke yourself, we can at least do every step together, step by step, you know, open everything and that kind of stuff while we're on the phone and um then we can like try to do some like sample um
Nurse: Like that, that will be good.
Patient: Ok, perfect. So thank
Nurse: You. Thank you so much. Thank you. So I hope you don't get tired of me.
Patient: I Absolutely do not. So you just keep giving me a call whenever you need anything.
Nurse: Ok, thanks so much, [PHI-Personal]. You're welcome.
Patient: You have a great
Nurse: Day. Yeah, I want to say this is a new number. Um, is this a new, it's not the number of that because usually any, I have your number and your name with it with, it's different. But I mean, I could, uh, is this the one you always be using or?
Patient: So it'll be the same number that you already have the previous number that we went over? Oh,
Nurse: Ok. All right.
Patient: Yeah, I'll have to check into that on my phone. I'm glad you mentioned that so I can let my, my team know because it might be just showing up wrong, my wrong
Nurse: Number. It, yeah. Yeah. And see, I, I it said eight thir you know, 8 13 and thought, well, I do have people on 8 13 but with no indication I, I hesitate but I, I said I'm gonna do it and of course it was right. So. Ok, dokey. Have a wonderful day.
Patient: You too. Thank you. Uh
Nurse: Huh. Bye bye bye bye bye.
