Nurse: Yep. That's why I was calling to follow up with you about that. Let me get your chart pulled up. Ok.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: All right. Um, MS [PHI-Personal], if you can just tell me your name and date of birth for [PHI-Personal],
Patient: It's on and it's 9 13, 1962.
Nurse: All right. Thank you so much. And, um, yeah, so I wanted to see how you were doing. I see that you did have your, um, nose reconstructive surgery recently.
Patient: Yeah, this is like my third surgery and I'm having the fourth one on the 30th of this month. Ok. And I am going to go follow up with the surgeon tomorrow. Mhm. And since I'm gonna follow up with him tomorrow, I'm gonna go ahead and go a little bit earlier so I can have all my blood work done the doctor the day I ordered and also my endocrinologist had ordered some blood work, so I'll go and have all that done.
Nurse: Ok. That sounds good. And, uh,
Patient: Yeah, but I haven't gone out since my surgery. I stayed at home because I didn't want to expose myself to anything.
Nurse: Exactly. And that's why we had changed. Or you had your appointment changed to a telehealth with doctor the last time.
Patient: Right. I, I got a telehealth visit with him on the [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Yeah. So, I'm gonna pull that note up right now and see if there was anything that I needed to, um, review with you. Um, well, I'm taking a look at that. Are you ok on all your medications right now?
Patient: Yeah, that I remember. I think I'm ok with all my medication.
Nurse: Ok. And he wants to do a physical the next in person appointment. Um, oh, that was one of the things I wanted to ask you the, he says diabetic eye exam up to date. I wanna get that, um, cleared off of our goals, um, for this year. Do you remember around when you had your diabetic eye appointment?
Patient: Oh my God. Oh no, I don't remember but it was with that eye doctor from US S
Nurse: US F ok. I should be able to find that record in, in there.
Patient: Yeah, because it was with the US F doc. Uh, yeah, it was with the US F doctor.
Nurse: Ok. And then I had on here that I was gonna clear off your primary care cause you had that on the 15th surgeon on the 29th cardiology. [PHI-Personal].
Patient: And I also have cardiology, uh, done, uh, where they're gonna do a big work up coming up soon. Ok. When I'm done with all this surgery they're gonna do an echo and they're gonna do a bunch of stuff.
Nurse: So, did they take, like, I was trying to read your surgical note and it looks like they took skin from your head,
Patient: From my forehead. You haven't seen a picture?
Nurse: No, I haven't seen the picture. No, ma'am.
Patient: Yeah, it's on, it's in the chart.
Nurse: Hm. I, maybe there's something else else I'm supposed to click on. I know I didn't see that. Ok. But I was like, wow, they took skin from her forehead
Patient: And got a, um, I can send you pictures.
Nurse: You don't have to do that. No, ma'am. Is it healing up? Well though?
Patient: They took pictures. I mean,
Nurse: I'm sure they are. I'm pro I probably just didn't look in the right spot for that. Um, but definitely interesting for
Patient: Sure. Take more pictures when I go to the office.
Nurse: Ok. And as far as far as your hypertension, um, just wants you to continue a low sodium diet. Are you doing? Ok with that?
Patient: Yeah, I always
Nurse: Do good.
Patient: I use the Himalayan salt.
Nurse: Ok. And I don't see really a whole lot else up here. Um, other than your next appointment, he wanted to see you in person. Do we even have you on another appointment coming up? With doctor? No, but you wanna hold off until everything is finished with your nose, right?
Patient: Well, my appointment with my nose is on the this month.
Nurse: Yeah. But, but what's your heel time? Like minimal?
Patient: Uh, well, like, um, I see him [PHI-Personal] tomorrow and after I follow up with him in, I'm able to see any, any doctor.
Nurse: Ok. So do you wanna go ahead and, um, get your next appointment with doctor [PHI-Personal] scheduled?
Patient: Yes.
Nurse: All right. Well, let's see what we, what we can find here then. Um, ok, appointments. Yes, I know the last couple of times that I pulled up his, um, appointment is kind of scheduled out pretty far, but we'll get the soonest one established.
Patient: I have a few appointments coming up in [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Do
Patient: You, you see what the cardiologist?
Nurse: Yeah. Well, I'm not on that screen right this minute, I'm in the appointments, um, scheduling screen. Ok.
Patient: Oh,
Nurse: The next available is on Monday, [PHI-Personal].
Patient: That's fine to have schedule for that day.
Nurse: Ok. And you, would you like a two o'clock, 2 [PHI-Personal], 2 30?
Patient: You don't have anything
Nurse: In the morning the next day we do for the [PHI-Personal] is a Tuesday. There's a 9 [PHI-Personal] and a 9 30
Patient: 9 [PHI-Personal] is fine.
Nurse: Ok. And. Oh, ok. I got it in there. [PHI-Personal] at 9:[PHI-Personal] a.m. Doctor? Good. You, ok. So how's your pain? Are you having any pain? With your nose?
Patient: Oh, of course. I have a lot of pain, I
Nurse: [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Yeah. Who is your pain?
Nurse: Yes, ma'am. And, um, how's your breathing with, are you able to breathe through your nose?
Patient: No, I haven't been able to, my CPAP machine because of the surgery.
Nurse: Uh huh.
Patient: Uh, I have like a, like a, on top of my nose.
Nurse: Ok. And
Patient: That's feeding blood to my nose on top of my nose. Mm. Yeah.
Nurse: So, well, you haven't abuse your mouth to breathe, obviously. You know, that's gonna make your mouth feel probably more dry at times. Just, you know, try to rinse your mouth with some water every now and then. Uh, just keep it hydrated.
Patient: I do. I have water.
Nurse: Ok. Good. So,
Patient: But, you know, I can't, it's on my left side. They took a piece of bone here so I can't use my left side at all so I can only sleep on my right side. Mhm. So, I have, I have pain, uh, like protecting my left ear. Looks like a ear helmet.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: Yeah. My granddaughter saw me and she's like, ok, you're not my grandmother. What that here? And what's that on your? No. Yeah,
Nurse: I'm sure. Well, hopefully they're gonna get you all straight with the final surgery coming up.
Patient: Hopefully because I, I told this last surgery do not touch my nose unless you put me to sleep. Mhm. Right now and now I gotta tell them this is the, I go away on the, do not touch my nose unless you put me to sleep because it's so painful.
Nurse: Mhm. I imagine so.
Patient: I mean, even air air fitting, it hurts a lot. Mm. Very painful.
Nurse: Well, I'm sorry, but I, like I said, I, hopefully it's all gonna be resolved real soon and you'll be done with that. Yeah. Ok. Well, I'm glad we got your appointment scheduled for your follow up and of course I'll be checking on you um every month and I want you to call me if you need me before our next call. Ok,
Patient: Thank you. Beautiful.
Nurse: You're welcome and thank you for calling me back today. It was nice talking to you again and I hope everything goes well for you um at the end of the month. Ok, I'll definitely make sure I follow up with you after that surgery.
Patient: Thank you. You have a blessed
Nurse: Day. Same to you. Mm bye bye.
