Nurse: Awesome. How was the storm there? How, how are we doing there?
Patient: Uh, good, good.
Nurse: Any problems at all? You got it. You got, uh, internet and, uh, electricity.
Patient: Yes. Uh, he was not to interrupt any of those things. The damages were basically not, not very significant.
Nurse: Oh, good, good, good. Yeah. Awesome. That's good to know. Um, so I'm pulling up your chart really quick. Just double checking with you, making sure things are good. Um, just wanted to touch base with you per doctor doctor. She just wants me to touch base with you every month. Make sure things are good. You don't need medications.
Patient: Uh, not at this moment. I, I do well.
Nurse: Ok, perfect. So one thing I'm telling my patients right now as the hurricane transgresses through, everybody kind of gets back on their feet. Um, this weekend, look at your medications. Ok. Make sure you have plenty. Make sure that you don't, you're not gonna run out within a week or so. Um, that way because there might be some pharmacies who not run out of their medication.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: Ok. Um, definitely wanna make sure I'm taking a look at your list here. Uh, your Neurontin or gabapentin. We don't wanna run out. That one has to be taken every single day. Um, your Lisinopril for your hypertension. Make sure that you have plenty of that and the same thing for your Crestor or your rosuvastatin. That's your cholesterol medication. Those are important. We want to make sure that we keep a good therapeutic level in your body. Ok. Ok. Sure. Um Have you gotten your flu vaccine yet?
Patient: Not yet, but I will, I will do swim. Ok. Publix, right. Any of those stores?
Nurse: Oh, yeah, you can walk into any of your pharmacies and ask them for it. Just kind of an fy, I, I'm telling my patients it takes about two weeks for that vaccine to take full effect and they are anticipating a kind of a high flu issue this year. So kind of keep that in mind too. Um, are you keeping your uh BP log up to date?
Patient: I, I don't know exactly what my BP is but I'm taking the medication for it.
Nurse: Ok. So do you have a BP um machine at all? No, I don't. Ok. I have one that I can send you. Would you be interested in um me sending you a BP machine?
Patient: Um Sure.
Nurse: Ok. So what that is, is it's a BP machine where it sends me the numbers. Um, so you do the BP, it comes straight to my computer. Um, that being said, I will kind of know if you're not doing your BP. Oh, yeah. So you actually may get a call from me if you're not doing it on a regular basis. Um, but it is a good pressure, a good idea to incorporate that into your daily regimen because doctor, doctor can look at your medications and make sure that they are working for you and it will prevent heart problems in the future.
Patient: That sounds good. Thank you.
Nurse: Alright, so what I'm gonna do is I will have an enrollment specialist reach out to you um next week and kind of give you a call, get you set up um and make sure that we get that shipped to you. Now would that be [PHI-Geographic] Circle? Yes. [PHI-Geographic].
Patient: Yes, that's correct.
Nurse: Ok, perfect. So I'm gonna have, yeah. Uh huh I'm gonna have them give you a call. Uh huh.
Patient: Uh recently I had my eye, my eye exam and and also the referral that that the doctor gave me for the ophthalmologist and and the ophthalmologist said that she will send the the the exam result to her, but I haven't I don't know if it had been done yet or anything. She say that everything's looks good, you know, she doesn't see any particular problem. She didn't give me, give me any medication for anything. He said your eyes are pretty good, you know, and, but all the thing is written in there and I guess that the result will be send it to doctor, doctor. Is that what you told me? Did
Nurse: They give you any sort of print out whenever you went there and saw your eye doctor?
Patient: Uh, what he gave me was, uh, the, you know, the, the classes that, that you have, which is not much of a difference for the one that already have.
Nurse: Sure. Um, that,
Patient: That is what I got from her but she said that she would send the result to doctor. I don't know if she did it. I don't know.
Nurse: When did you have that, um, exam done?
Patient: I have it on the. Yeah. Mm. Ok. On the [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. No, the [PHI-Personal] of [PHI-Personal]. That was [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Ok. So it has not come through yet. So kind of keep it. I'll try to keep an eye on that for you. Um, because doctor doctor is gonna want in that information from your optometrist. Um, now if, if that doesn't come through, uh, we can request a medical release and then go from there. Ok. All right.
Patient: So. Ok.
Nurse: Mhm. I'm gonna set up for enrollment to call you on the R PM program next week. Just kind of keep in touch with your body if you have any shortness of breath, nausea, um any sweating, anything like that those are just signs and symptoms that your BP might be high and we need to get you into the er, and be seen. Ok. Ok.
Patient: Alright, so far I don't have any problem with that. Uh you know, I feel I go to the gym three times a week and I don't have any, any weakness or it just nothing I sleep well uh you know, I keep my food, you know, control, you know and everything. I don't I don't see I don't feel any problem. I go to a job teaching every day. Oh good, wonderful. I don't have yeah I don't have any particular problem to complain about uh beside that you know the pain I have in my right leg that I need to take care of it too. Ok.
Nurse: Ok, perfect. So make sure you take your BP medication every single day. Yes. Um because the last reading we have here from the doctor's office was 1 39/96 and that's kind of elevated. So that's one of the reasons I'm going to send you that BP cuff. Um ok, but taking your medications every day as prescribed is important. Ok. Ok. Alright dear. So I'm gonna let them give you a call next week if you need anything in the meantime precious you keep my number. Ok?
Patient: Ok, I do
Nurse: That. Alright, good to talk to you sir. Thanks. For giving me a call
Patient: Back. Thank you [PHI-Personal] have a good day.
Nurse: Alright you too bye.
