Nurse: So unwitnessed. Um, so who came out, did you say,
Patient: Uh, the EMT, I called, I called the EMT people because I can't get her up. Yeah, I couldn't get her up and I wasn't sure what the, you know, if she had heard anything and it doesn't seem like she heard anything and she didn't want to go and then she didn't have to go. I didn't want her to go. You have to go. She just went there this week one time. And so, uh, they got her up, checked her out, everything looked, the vitals look fine and, uh, got it back in bed. Palliative care is coming. Doctor's coming today. So I'll tell her soon. But uh but yeah, a lot of confusion of confusion. Yeah. Yeah, a lot of confusion.
Nurse: Do you think that she fell backwards? She might have got dizzy.
Patient: No, I think that it just, it's part of what's going on, the weakness that that's in the confusion that's going on. I don't know she got, I don't know how long, you know, I think mom just moves too fast. She had her oxygen on, she moves too fast when she gets up, you know, like she doesn't, she could get to sit on the side of the bed for a minute. So I don't know. I really can't tell you. I really can't tell you because the weakness is not, you know.
Nurse: Ok. What was her vital signs? Did do, do you remember to write them down or they give you a paper?
Patient: No? Ok. Her BP was like 1 55 over something I can't remember. Her oxygen level was fine. It was 95. Ok. So,
Nurse: Ok. Well, do you think that bottom number was probably in the [PHI-Personal]? Our [PHI-Personal]
Patient: On the BP? I can't remember. I, I don't wanna, but I, I thought I was the hospital. I just wanted to talk to know but we didn't go, we, we're still home.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, I'll definitely let him know that. Um, she's
Patient: Fell twice
Nurse: And both were in the
Patient: Bathroom. No one was in the bed. She came to my bedroom door about quarter to 66. yes. So, no, yeah, about quarter to six. No, a little after six by 6 30 or so to tell me, um, to say something to me about something and I guess going back into the room, I'm not sure because I wasn't looking at her, she fell, um, but he fell on the carpet that time. So I called my son in law and he came over and picked her up and that was about 7 30 or so. And then, uh. Mhm. And then just now she's going into the bathroom and I don't know how she fell backwards, but when I got up here to her the, um, she was on the floor and the walker was on top of her. Oh, God bless it. So, I don't know. But I just wanted doctor [PHI-Personal] to know, um, the primary care doctors here today coming today.
Nurse: Ok. What time will they be there?
Patient: You'll be here one o'clock, one
Nurse: O'clock. Ok. 1 p.m. Perfect. Yeah. I'll definitely let doctor [PHI-Personal] know. Um, but I am glad she has no injuries and her vital signs were ok.
Patient: Yeah. Good.
Nurse: Is she complaining of pain or anything right now? From those falls?
Patient: No. Mm. Mm. Ok. So we'll see what happens, you know, if we get an egg on the head in a few minutes, but she hasn't complained.
Nurse: Ok. So. Ok. And just, yeah, keep a close eye on her.
Patient: I am I'm I'm upstairs now. Ok. All right. I just I just I call to the hospital but we didn't go.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah yeah I'll let doctor [PHI-Personal] know for sure that the EMTS assessed her all was ok and she did not go.
Patient: Ok, thank
Nurse: You. You're welcome my try to lax and take some deep breaths
Patient: I will. Oh we did get some help that I thank you. No. Yeah we got uh six hours a week,
Nurse: Six hours a week
Patient: Temporarily. Ok. The the department of aging.
Nurse: Ok. Department of aging. Perfect. That'll help you out a lot.
Patient: Mhm. It's only 90 days until the Medicare waiver can go through but it's it's a little bit of help.
Nurse: Yes it is a little bit of help for sure. That'll that'll be great for you.
Patient: Mhm. Alright dear talk to you later.
Nurse: Alright miss y'all have a good day.
Patient: You too bye bye bye bye.
