Nurse: I'm good. I'm good. Let me just jump in your chart here. Um, ok. Yeah. So I was just calling to check in with you. Um, looks like we had talked about a month or so ago. So just see how everything's been going since then.
Patient: Oh, ok. I thought you were calling with my blood blood test results.
Nurse: Oh, well, I see that the doctors, um, he did get those but he hasn't reviewed them that yet, so I can't see them until he reviews them.
Patient: Oh, ok. Yeah, everything's going good so far carry the only thing I haven't got and as far as the prescriptions is those test strips, I don't know why the them things haven't came in but I'm, I'm out of them now. Uh, and I think we, when we talked, you were gonna see if you could, uh, put a prescription in for that.
Nurse: Yes. And there was the, um, so I had talked to your um pharmacy last time and they were supposed to be sending a, um, a refill request to the doctor, um, because we were trying to get it, um, through [PHI-Personal]. Correct. No. How did that work?
Patient: Well, I used to get em, we tried to get em through Walmart, which is, I, you know, I went down to, uh [PHI-Personal], uh, to pick them up. But when the doctors wrote the prescription they, and they had me my dosage where I was testing twice a day and my insurance company rejected it because they only cover once a day testing. So we had this run around where we had to get uh them to change my dosage to, to once a day and says like 30 for the month, it says 60 it went through once, but I've never, never got anything after that. And I'm not sure if I look on the portal from or from liens if uh there's any refills left. But I know it was a hassle and it's, it just, it's, it's causing me not to do any testing really. So,
Nurse: Ok, so it looks like prescribed reordered on the 20. Ok. It doesn't look like there's any um any um refills on there. So let me send a message to Doctor [PHI-Personal], let him know to send in a new um a new uh prescription. And, you know, it might be because that was prescribed to you by Doctor [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Correct. Well, I I don't know. No, Doctor [PHI-Personal]. James [PHI-Personal]. No. Is he out of Lichens?
Nurse: He is. Yep.
Patient: Yeah, [PHI-Personal] is who I used to go to and see uh at Lichens. So that's uh who used to take care of my prescriptions. [PHI-Personal]. But, uh uh I don't know if I ever, maybe I met him. I don't know. Um, there was, uh, there's, I guess no more refills so he only filled it once.
Nurse: All right. Well, yeah, like I said, ok, let me send a message to um Doctor [PHI-Personal] and we can see if we can get that refilled and you want it to go to which pharmacy
Patient: I wanted to go to [PHI-Personal] if I can. [PHI-Personal], everything's coming from [PHI-Personal] mail right now.
Nurse: Ok. Let me just double check and make sure I have that in here. I don't. So, and you said that's mail, correct? [PHI-Personal]? It is. Ok. Let me get that entered in here. Ok, so I have that I will send him a message regarding that so we can get that and you want that to only be once daily checks, correct?
Patient: Yeah, I, I think that's all my insurance is gonna cover.
Nurse: So. Ok, I'll make sure I add that into that um message for him that way he understands why we're requesting that
Patient: Because they knock, actually they knocked it out the first time and they, so I went to Walmart and I said I'll just buy them and she goes, well, it's $350 for 50 strips. I said, well, I said, how can that be? I said you used to get them for free and they said now, uh, you know, I ain't pay no $350 for 50 test strips. That's ridiculous.
Nurse: It's crazy. It's, they're making it to the point where diabetics cannot afford their medications nor, you know, can they afford even to test themselves anymore? It's horrible. It's horrible.
Patient: Yeah, I know. Well, and again, you know, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm on [PHI-Personal] and I've got AM B plus I got a supplemental that I take out that's supposed to cover everything that AM B doesn't, and it isn't even cover that. I still, I'm, I'm probably the last guy that was on Plan F and, uh, I, I have that and it's still not covering it. I don't understand it, but who knows? I know my rates go up all the time.
Nurse: Yeah, I know. It's always fluctuating. Um, let me, I know that there. Yeah, exactly. Um, I know that there is, there are some programs out there. Let me talk to some of my other nurses. Um, I know that this has been brought up in meetings and stuff. So, let me talk with some of my other nurses and see what they have come up with as far as what programs, um, are available for diabetics and what those do. Well, they will help you. Um, actually we were just talking about this morning. Um, one of the nurses said that there was a, they had a patient that was paying something about like $350 a month for and they got them started in this program and now they pay um, only like 10% of what they have to monthly. So let me do some research and find out what I can find. Um, regarding those programs, I can get back in touch with you if it's something. Now some of them, you know, there's different stipulations, you know, different requirements and things like that. But if we can find one that works for you, let's do that and see if we can get you started. And uh that way you don't have to pay that crazy amount for your
Patient: Strips. Yeah. Well, if, if you change my dosage to once a day, I don't pay nothing. It's zero cost. They'll fill it if it, if, if it's uh for 30 or qu of 30 or whatever it is. I, I think they give you 22 capsules of 30 or 50 test strips. So it's a three month supply and the last time when I got that it didn't cost me nothing. Uh I went in there and the lady says, I said, what do I owe you? And she goes zero. I said, well, that's, that's where it was before. So, you know, if I wanna test more than once a day. I'll use two strips and then maybe skip a day once in a while. But, you know, it works out good for me and, and, uh, all they had to do is change the dosage from twice a day to once a day and it was, it went right through. Perfect.
Nurse: Yeah, I will definitely get that message out to him. Right. And, uh, yeah, how have your sugars been running lately? Happy in? You don't have any left? Ok.
Patient: I mean, I got them like, six months ago and it, and they ran out. I have no idea.
Nurse: I got you. How have you been
Patient: Doing as far to see what my A one C is? Yeah,
Nurse: I'm sure. And he's, you know, he's pretty, um, usually pretty prompt with reading his messages. So once he reads that and then they should be reaching back out to you. His nurse will, um, how have you been doing with your diabetic diet? Trying to watch your carb intake. Um, starches, sugars, things that like that
Patient: As best as I
Nurse: Can. Ok. Well, that's all you can do. You know, you just, yeah, try and do the best you can and hopefully that A one C will come down and, you know. Yeah, I just
Patient: Don't want to go on any more medication and I'm not, I'm sure you want to try to put me on that Trulicity and I'm not going to take that Ok. That's, I think that's 700 bucks a month. I don't know. Oh, my word. Yeah. And so it's expensive. Well, maybe it's 500 but I bought the first kit for a month but I never used any of the injections. My, my last A one C was 7.4. So, and that's just controlling it with, uh, diet. So,
Nurse: Yeah, and that's not terrible. Where does he want you below seven?
Patient: I'm sure he does. But, yeah, again, I don't know where I'm at, that's the problem. I'd like to be below seven. You know, I, I know that he would too, but, you know, to get to, to get me below seven, it's, it's constantly watching what I'm eating plus losing some weight. So I know what I have to do. I just, you know, you kind of ignore the issues if you don't have the information in front of you. You know what I mean? I know it's, well, if you don't know there's a problem then then you don't, you don't react. So that's what I'm doing right now. You know what I mean? And, uh, I try not. Right. But, so we'll see what he comes back with. But I, I would expect my A one C would be higher than what it was last time.
Nurse: Oh, ok. Well, let's get you those strips ordered and then that way you can, you know, start to effectively, uh, you know, manage it by watching what your sugar is. So, and then, uh,
Patient: That, that's, uh, you know, I, I use that as my excuse crutch. But it's, you know, it's just may not be if you, like I said, if I, because I always log everything when I, when I do it in a book, like my pulse, my BP, my daily glucose and all that. And then once I don't start getting all the information, I just stopped doing it all. But ok, BP was good yesterday. I think it was 1 32/72. 0, that, and he said my heart sounded good. My, uh, artificial aorta valve is functioning properly. Wonderful. Uh The only thing I think I got that numbness in my feet from the diabetes, you know, I think, uh, I forget what he calls it but, but uh, that's never gonna go away, I don't think. But, uh, and I think that's the only other thing I had. I had a couple little areas where I, I think I was getting some pain and cramps. Uh, and he's saying that might be from my arthritis. So he was going to check my potassium levels and whatnot and see my uric acid levels and see what all that is. Ok. I got. So that's what I thought. I thought that's who was calling him.
Nurse: Oh, I'm sorry. Oh
Patient: No, that's fine. I have to know. So,
Nurse: Yeah, hey, can you um, just confirm your date of birth for me real quick. Sure,
Patient: December 3rd, 1954. Perfect.
Nurse: Just wanna make sure we have that. Um, yeah, so like I said, he, um, it's still open yet so he hasn't read it yet. But, um, yeah, typically I think, well, he does clinic in the morning and then he should read it by lunch time and then they should be able to get back to you sometimes
Patient: This afternoon I saw him was yesterday or was it today? I forget what day it was but it was this week maybe Monday. Uh
Nurse: No, it was yesterday. [PHI-Account].
Patient: Yeah, so a pretty nice doctor. I like him. Yeah
Nurse: And he uh he's very kind his patients are very pleased with him. So hopefully yeah he's
Patient: Got a good attitude and personality and you know, he's a person and a doctor so I like that. Um but yeah,
Nurse: All right. Well let's get this um request out for you. I'll get that in and uh if you need anything, you know, in the meantime just give me a give me a call.
Patient: Ok, I will carry.
Nurse: Alright. You call. Oh you're very welcome. It was a pleasure talking with you. You take care.
Patient: You too. Bye bye
Nurse: Thanks. Bye bye.
