Nurse: Is the meclizine helping at all?
Patient: No, it's not. And I'm taking it regularly and I, I don't know if what I'm taking, the one medicine has been a little bit more newer than the other ones and I don't know, hold on until I get it. Ok. Oh. Oh. Um, it's called
Nurse: The FLUoxetine. Yeah.
Patient: FLUoxetine. No. Um, I don't know if that could be causing anything because I used to be taking years a couple of years ago and I started with this, I was taking gabapentin and, uh, hydrOXYzine and I stopped taking it because I found out it wasn't good for people with vertigo. So I don't know if this is ok or not. Let's see, because I don't want II I get better and then I get worse.
Nurse: Hm. With the, with the FLUoxetine it would have been, I know with that medication, dizziness is one of the side effects, however, it should resolve within a few weeks of taking it.
Patient: Well, I mean, I've been taking it but, uh, oh, I don't know, it just by mouth fairly. I've been taking it but it's not helping. And, um, my vertigo is getting not good. I, I don't even go outside but now I was, I mean, I was always been like, in the cold weather and the snow and everything. I never go out even before my vertigo. I was never good in the winter time with that. But anyhow, um, I just, I can't get out anywhere. I can't do what I'm supposed to be doing. Let's put it that way.
Nurse: Right. Understandable.
Patient: And doctor I think he has to sign or send something back to the patriot for people to come in to my apartment and help me in my apartment and I think I'm supposed to come in and see him for him to know me or see me. But I can't come in right now.
Nurse: Right. Let's
Patient: See. I'm trying to meet the one lady tomorrow, uh, on Friday. But, um, I don't think that has, I answered some questions that they asked me, but I don't think that that's part of them sign the papers for me. Right. Yeah. Oh, I mean, I called earlier. II, I know you left me a message earlier like yesterday or something like that and I called back, I guess this morning. I don't know. But, uh, hi doctor, uh, what's his name? But not need to get me to get me in to get the sent and then I have to, before I go get the sent, I have to go in for a blood test before I tell him I can come in for the stent surgery because I have to get my blood drawn and make sure everything is ok. Right.
Nurse: Hm. Um, what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna send him a message to let him know what you got going on. Um, and then we're gonna figure out what we can do here, see what he wants to do. Uh, do you check your blood pressures at home?
Patient: No, I don't have a BP cuff. Ok. Uh, my, yesterday he said the top number is ok. But the bottom number is a little low because he had a me a BP cuff. So he tested for me. He said sometimes the the if your BP is low or whatever, that will not help with the dizziness,
Nurse: Right? That's where I was going. Sometimes if your BP is too low, you get lightheaded and dizzy. Um It can also cause um like lightheadedness, dizzy. It can cause like fatigue, nausea.
Patient: No, I'm not nauseated. I'm not fatigued. I'm just dizzy and overwhelmed. Really, I'm getting very overwhelmed because of all this stuff. I have to get done.
Nurse: I hear you. Well, let me see what I can do for you. Ok.
Patient: Ok. I appreciate that.
Nurse: Let's see. And do you try anything else to relieve your vertigo or just the meclizine?
Patient: Just the meclizine? Hm. And that's why I was asking because I didn't know anything. Like I said, I was taking the gabapentin. I stopped, I told him I wasn't gonna take that or the hydrOXYzine because I found out it wasn't good for vertigo. So I told the doctor that I wasn't the nurse, I wasn't gonna take it no more. So I figured I'm gonna find out that this has anything to do with the
Nurse: Right now. Do you get more dizzy if you turn your head to the left or the right?
Patient: Um I haven't. No dad, but probably to the right if I would say anything at all.
Nurse: Ok. I mean, there are some things that you can do at home. It's called, um, the Epley maneuver. It's you, um, sit on your bed with your legs flat on the bed, you just sit up straight with your legs out in front of you. Um, and you turn your head 45 degrees to the right and you're gonna lay back with your head held, um, to the right for 30 seconds, ok? And then you're gonna turn after those 30 seconds, you can turn your head to the left 90 degrees until it's facing that 45 degree angle on the left side. Ok? And then you're gonna hold that for 30 seconds and you'll roll over onto your left side before setting up. Um, so this, this helps relieve, um, vertigo, obviously, it doesn't work for everybody, but we do see, you know, normally most people and their symptoms clear up almost immediately. Um, but some people have to redo this maneuver. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah. Well, I was in the, some time in, um, not [PHI-Personal], [PHI-Personal]. No, [PHI-Personal], [PHI-Personal], December, [PHI-Personal]. It might have been the end of beginning of [PHI-Personal]. I believe it was because I had an appointment at the end of [PHI-Personal] to go back to this vertigo doctor over in. But I didn't get over there yet either. What happened was I had my, I, I had [PHI-Personal] but I didn't, wasn't aware that I need to re sign up to the insurance. I thought it when you had the [PHI-Personal], it automatically started the next year and it wasn't like that. So I had to, so then I was discontinued and I had to call them and they started me back to my appointment uh on the first of this month. So I'm not getting, I wasn't getting too many two places, you know, but I did start my [PHI-Personal] back again. So, um, I'm just overwhelmed right now and that, that, that's not helping,
Nurse: Right?
Patient: Ok. So just tell, tell doctor I appreciate it, you know, um, concerned but, um, I just can't get out right now, especially in the winter. I was never good in the wintertime walking and, and then if I get medical van, my van, I can get, they don't, I mean, they, they don't wanna come in my apartment to come out, come in and get me and get, have, take that time to get me in the van and they're probably gonna be afraid to even do that, you know right now because I'm really bad.
Nurse: Ok. Well, I will let him know, um, and I'll, we'll see what he wants to do. Um, cos it, it with the meclizine not helping. Um, and I saw that your BP was quite elevated when you were in the office in December. Um, you know, it, it could be vertigo, but it could also be associated with your BP. Um, So I'd, I'd like to reach out to doctor and, and really see what he'd like for you to do. Ok. Ok. And I'll let him know what you got going on.
Patient: Yeah, please tell him II I appreciate his concern but uh, I can't, I'm, I can't see me getting into the office the way I am right now.
Nurse: Ok. Well, I will definitely let him know. Ok. Ok. Thank you. You are very welcome. Um and we'll reach out again. Um once we hear something from him, either myself or somebody from the office will reach out to you. Um and, and we'll go from there. Ok. Ok.
Patient: I am doing stuff around my apartment. I have to, I have to get things done and that's not helping. I'm trying to keep the appointment straightened up and everything. Mhm. Uh I mean, I'm not rushing or anything but it does take its course with the vertigo, you know, getting it done right. So like to keep my apartment decent and clean and no, I mean, I am, it's I'm doing it but uh like I just turned a little around a little while ago and it sort like had a, I had a hole on to the wall so I wouldn't fall. Oh,
Nurse: Well, that's not good.
Patient: No, so um II I appreciate you talking to doctor. I do
Nurse: You are welcome. And like I said, either myself or somebody from the office will reach out and let you know how they wanna proceed? Ok.
Patient: Ok, thanks.
Nurse: You're welcome. Honey, take care. Bye bye. Bye bye.
