Nurse: Miss, did she call you back since the last time you
Patient: Called? She did? And the order, the, I'm back here, I went and had my COVID test. So that part went fine. I'm back here at [PHI-Geographic]. The order is in the computer but it was sent by an RN. So it doesn't let it push through the system. It has to be sent by either a MP or the physician MD. Yeah, it's
Nurse: A, so they're, they're telling you to call the office.
Patient: Well, we have to get it corrected so I can get my chest x-ray.
Nurse: No, I'm just saying, I thought that maybe they would call the, the doctor's office. Hold on, let me see if I can get in contact with the, the, uh, actual office because we actually work satellite. Like we're not in the actual office with doctor.
Patient: She was trying to get a hold of, she was trying to get a hold of doctor. So she said if there was a problem to call her back. So, ok.
Nurse: Ok. Hold on. She, she's on another line. Uh, she, because she's not answering me. But hold on, let me see one second.
Patient: That's ok. Easy for me to drive to doctor Alfonso's office. And, well, that's she faxed the name and I said so, so she says usually the [PHI-Geographic] will call the, for the doctor. And I said, what difference does it make? Yeah. Yeah. Really good. Right. And, and she told me to call her back if there was a problem with it. So, she says, well, we work satellite from there. I said, I don't care. Yeah. Yeah. [PHI-Personal] and then [PHI-Personal], but now I'm married to [PHI-Personal]. Mhm. [PHI-Account]. So, you were with, well, my brothers were, one, was [PHI-Personal] and one was 79. [PHI-Personal] and [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal] married [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Holly actually works here up in, uh, maternity, up in, you know, uh, not a nurse. She's cept, you know, clerical. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And then I have one of my niece, Jo, honey, [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I just saw on Facebook, um, uh, what's his name? Uh, passed away. He was in your, would have been in your class. Uh, Mitchell. Tommy Mitchell. Yeah, he was. Yeah, I know it. No kidding. And, um, was it, um, [PHI-Personal] and [PHI-Personal], um, do, do passed away I remember. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's been crazy, like, yeah. Well, those are my, my baby brothers. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Now, all my, you know, kind of coming around all my nieces and nephews. Oh, my nephews now, little ones are just starting to come up through the ranks. My niece, I babysit for her too. She's a nurse. Yeah. She's up in, uh, [PHI-Geographic] to [PHI-Geographic]. She's a nurse. My name is Jamie [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Go to bars for high. School, I went to full estate, graduated from there with a teaching degree and I graduated proposition 2.5, came in. So I was sobbing stoping. So then I ended up going to work for the electric company back. I just retired.
Nurse: Yes. Ok. She still has the answer. But I have a question. So they sent the, the um the new order for the X ray over uh the uh system.
Patient: Yeah, it's in the system but it was sent by an RN.
Nurse: Ok. I don't even see it in the system on my end. Like, um, can I, can I be faxed over? I, I'm, I'm not there. I would have to ask someone to, to fax it. And what I'm saying is that I don't even see it in the, in the order in the system as well.
Patient: It, it is in the system. The lady is looking, the, the lady I'm sitting with is looking at it in the system, but it can't be released from the system to be processed because it's not sent, sent by a [PHI-Personal] MD. It's just signed by, uh it's a, it's a second time. This is supposed to be done last on Friday.
Nurse: Ok. So what I'm gonna have to do is I'm gonna have to just send the office a message and let them know that you're waiting for your x-ray and they need to resend it um, via doctor or the Parnp. Um, so they can resend it.
Patient: Yeah. Can, can I wait? Hold
Nurse: On one second, hold on
Patient: Because I don't see the order. And ok,
Nurse: So, so [PHI-Personal] just responded. She said she was, she is on the phone with another patient but the nurse she spoke with told her that she was handling it within 10 minutes and she said, uh, she apologizes but please give her a chance. She's gonna call you right now. Whoever she did
Patient: Spoken with, she did it, the nurse she spoke to sent the order.
Nurse: But II I informed, I informed [PHI-Personal] what was going on? I told her that they sent the order over but the nurse sent it and the doctor or the p needs to sign off on it. So she's gonna give them a call right now to see what's going on.
Patient: Can you have her call me back when it's done?
Nurse: I will, I will let her know you would like her to call you back. Yep. Thank you. You're welcome. Bye bye bye.
