Nurse: Wonder why it comes through as that number because mine's the 21, the one I left on your voice mail, that [PHI-Account]. So I don't know
Patient: Why. I mean, I'll put that one, I'll put that one with your number because when, when that one, the one, the one you just repeat it, that's the, that's the one came up more as a, I don't know, as a scam. It wasn't in my, in my phone and this [PHI-Account], that's the one I, well, I, I don't know, I'm gonna have to take that one out that you don't know where it came from and you know, it don't and I put my, when I put my phone number and I put the name with it and and but, but that number and the number that I got you on they both have the same message, you know, I need to get uh I get no scam number, any
Nurse: Information, right?
Patient: So I'm gonna cross this one now. I figured it, it was [PHI-Account]. I thought maybe it was your cell number, your cell phone number
Nurse: That that one is not me.
Patient: Ok? I'm gonna cross it out because I start with myself up start with [PHI-Account]. That's why maybe you know this is a take that one out and put this when you call. Ok, that mhm. That came up as a scam. That's why I didn't answer it. I'm
Nurse: Sorry that's ok. You're fine
Patient: I let you know about that. So uh you know I know this number. I have to take this out. Yeah. Absolutely. Mhm.
Nurse: Um, so I had called earlier because I was just doing your monthly check in, see how everything's been going. Um, any changes since we talked last month.
Patient: Well, any changes. No, I've been, um, going to my eye doctor, I went to the dentist cause um, I had some work done and um, otherwise I glaucoma good. Bother me some. Yeah, I
Nurse: Know we were kind of talking about that. Um Last month we were talking about that because you've got some uh some of those laser shots in your eye, right?
Patient: Yeah, and that, that happened, that happened last year. The laser shot maybe it was too much in November that I had to have a um cornea transplant and that I had that in November. And so the one that doctor that's uh uh uh expert is it doctor? They said they sent me this for the, get the trans so, and I have an appointment with him. Let me see that on my calendar. I have one with him. Yeah, I have one with him. I got three appointments next week. Yeah. You know, and I'm going to be nice little party tonight.
Nurse: I was gonna say, are you doing anything for your birthday tomorrow?
Patient: Uh um Well, tonight we're going to uh um my, um, my niece, she's, but at the, um, at the military place but her husband is a, is a [PHI-Personal], she's the first lady and they celebrating [PHI-Personal] birthday. So I said, ok, I'll get my son to drive me and so I'll be going there tonight and see how this, that's exciting. I know. I don't, I ain't been really going any place because the streets are so scary out there. Yeah. You see a lot of people feel that or, you know, but like I said, iiii I want to live, I wanna be living in here. I'm going anyway. So. Yeah. No.
Nurse: Yeah. How are you doing on your, um, medications? Do you need refills of anything from doctor? I know you're not seeing him. Well, you're seeing him next week. Um, but, and do you need any refills before then?
Patient: No, I got the one, and the other two.
Nurse: Ok. Good. That's, that was what I was going to kind of touch on that simvastatin. Um, for your cholesterol. You're still taking that every day, right? Yes.
Patient: Mhm. Ok. How's, how's
Nurse: Your, um, diet been in regards to managing your cholesterol? Because I assume you're going to be due for some blood work,
Patient: I think. Oh, they give me a needle? Ok. But he, that happen every year? No. So I'm so I'm ok. I, I'll just turn my head when you give me a needle. Boy, that's all that
Nurse: I, I assume because it looks like, I mean, based on what was, what's in your chart, um, your last set of labs was [PHI-Personal] of last year. So, it's, it's been over a year since your last labs. So, I, I would anticipate he's gonna order you some blood work at your appointment.
Patient: Uh, and that's what I said. Why am I? So, I've been in more pain before, been a little needle but I turn my head all the time. That's the least of the pain I've been in before. And also I'm good. Um, I don't have, um, it, it, it, it, I guess so many things from, uh, uh, scam numbers is one I answer, I blocked all the little ones that cover in the red. That's not in this [PHI-Geographic]. I, them, but they still come up even if you block the numbers and, um, get one from [PHI-Geographic]. I, 51 this guy got on the phone. Well, I guess they know my age because those, um, I know that I have any pain and I said, no, how about your neck? I said no. How about someone else? No, I, and, um, I said, I said, well, when I'm gonna transfer you and when, when this guy come on, you tell me your pain is a five. I said, look, I'm not lying for nothing. I hung up on him, you know. Mhm. I, I definitely, and they, and they, because of my age, I think those are, I don't know how they know people, you know, phone numbers and things.
Nurse: I know they're get, I'm telling you, that they're getting really creative nowadays and they, they, they honestly are, like, starting some of them sound like they're like legit too. Which is scary.
Patient: Mhm. And, um, and I told them I'm not gonna laugh for nobody. Yeah. Tell, tell, just tell them a bad pain. I tell them I have no, I'm not lying for you and hung up on so sick. You, that's why, that's why, um, that's why I, I don't even answer all the numbers I checked and I have in where I have blocked them but I don't know how they still get through and the phone numbers are from different states. [PHI-Geographic]. You know, some
Nurse: Of them are real tricky because they'll, they'll have a, um, phone number that'll be coming from, like, your area code. So it makes you think like it's within your area when it's not.
Patient: Mhm. But anyway, uh, the reason I said it, it shows it shows the state all of them, one of them is the one from [PHI-Geographic]. That's, I did answer just to see that was the one I just told you about. So I blocked that too. I got all blocked but they still come up. I got some from [PHI-Geographic]. I even got one from, uh, well, another country it was, um, it was in [PHI-Geographic] or something like that. How, how, wow. Mhm. They, some of them, not even in the United States. I, I just wonder what kind of information being shared around about people. Absolutely. Mhm. That, and that's not right if they share, you know, all the companies or whoever you deal with but out of the country and it, and the, and the ones that, that out of the state, I don't deal. But I know some main, um, main, um, companies do have the, um, I mean, the major, um, name of company in the, in another state. But, um, but those comes scam, I just don't answer.
Nurse: Yeah, that's what I would recommend.
Patient: Mhm.
Nurse: Um, but, um, so to kind of touch back on your cholesterol and stuff, some things that I like to, you know, medication is, is, it's great that you're taking your medication. Like you should be, um, because that helps with, you know, maintaining good levels and stuff like that. But what I also kind of like to touch with on patients is, um, maintaining like a good diet because diet also plays a big role in our, you know, cholesterol levels. Um, a lot of the focus with the diet is lowering, you know, those bad cholesterol levels and increasing those good ones. So, you know, sometimes switching to, like, cutting out trans fat, um, that's in like a lot of processed foods and cookies and crackers and stuff like that. Um, that can help as long as, or, um, as well as like eating more Omega threes, um, which are typically found in like different types of fish and stuff like that. And then the good thing about Omega threes is they're the, that those fatty acids are, they're, they're good for more than just cholesterol. They have a lot of like heart healthy benefits to. Um, so I like to just kind of um give those tips out when it comes to that because like I said, when it comes to managing cholesterol and, and stuff, medication is great because it helps. But our diets also play a huge role in it too. So
Patient: May I ask you something when you mentioned about the food and things, it all my life, uh usually see, I learned things. I went to the schools and things about, I've learned a lot and everything but, and I still remember all the way back. And uh, and one thing I do remember just listen to t he those health, they said that three foods a person need is a um pro protein, protein, a starch and, and those, those are the meals I try to cook. And me and my husband has add in the, in uh, you know, because uh I take the vitamin pill but that's the, that's like the boost what I eat. And then at night, I mean, like, like my husband, he got a lot of fruit, strawberries, cantaloupes, pears and, and it's at night that we eat some of them and then we get, and then we say, hey, how about our dessert? We have we go get us some cake that we, I haven't been baking my cakes like I used to but, you know, we have a dessert or we had it later sometimes when we feel like we want it. So, how's the diet?
Nurse: Yeah, I mean, that's good that there's nothing and the thing is, is there's nothing wrong with having, you know, cakes or desserts and stuff like that. Um, having that in your diet is fine. The key with it is just moderation. Um Like if you have it every once in a while or like you get a craving for that something real sweet. Um You know, that that's totally fine by all means indulge in that. Um But like I said, that the focus is to not go overboard. Like if you're telling me that you're eating cake every single night, then that would be, you know, that would, that would be the problem.
Patient: Yeah, some, when we got our bananas, we got our pears, we got strawberries and all that. We keep, we keep my husband eat more than me. I said maybe I got a smaller stomach in you too. It says um yeah,
Nurse: And I mean fruits are that, that's great. Fruits are really great um to keep because they do give, you know, they have that sweetness to them. So you're not getting like all the added sugars that are in like, you know, other treats and stuff that you would maybe buy from the store. Fruits have that like natural sugar to them. Um And they're also good because they're, they have a good amount of fiber intake depending on like what fruits like apples are really great because they've got a decent amount of fiber. Um and fiber is also another key that kind of helps in managing cholesterol levels. So, yeah, I mean, I think from what you're telling me, II I really don't see much of an issue with your current diet, which is good to
Patient: Hear this. So it's good, good, good,
Nurse: Good, good. Well, um, like I said, I know you're seeing doctor next week. So what we'll do, um, we'll plan for your next call to be next month. We'll kind of follow up like how your appointment went. Um, if there's any changes in anything and then, um, if anything comes up between now and then you can always reach out. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Thank you. I'll put the phone numbers right. I'll put this one in with your name.
Nurse: All right, perfect. Well, Miss [PHI-Personal], I hope you have a fantastic birthday.
Patient: Mhm. Thank you. I hope they plan me a birthday party, but most time they, most time I noticed people plan it when it's on the evening days, I guess it'll be uh, next week, but I'm gonna have fun tonight.
Nurse: Good. All right, we'll talk next month.
Patient: Ok. Thank you. Have a good day.
Nurse: You're welcome. You too. Bye bye
Patient: Bye bye.
