Nurse: Better. Oh, I'm so glad you sound a lot better.
Patient: I'm doing a lot better. I, I say I have about maybe 10% to go yet because it's still in my head. But I'm, I'm doing good.
Nurse: Oh, I'm so glad to hear that. Yeah, I can't believe how much better you sound. Yeah, I, yeah. Oh, that's great. So, ok, let's see. You saw Crystal last week, correct?
Patient: Wait, Crystal. Um, yeah, I guess I did.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. Um, so I just wanted to just kind of jump down through that, uh, improving. What did she give you anything else last week when you saw her? As far as medication goes?
Patient: Uh, well, they did blood work and that, they just called the other day and everything was fine with my blood work. Said no
Nurse: Concerns wonderful.
Patient: Uh, and she did give me prescription for another month of the, the Lisinopril without the diuretic to see how that works. But I'm supposed to keep an eye on the swelling. But I think I'm doing good. Yeah, with that part.
Nurse: Perfect. Uh Do you have any swelling right now?
Patient: No, I just cook right now. No.
Nurse: Awesome. So, the best thing for that is going to like, if you're gonna sit for a long time, if you can get those feet elevated, that's gonna help to keep that swelling from, you know, getting to the bottom of your feet. Um, the other thing is watching your sodium intake. So limiting like chips, pretzels, canned foods, you know, vegetables, like canned vegetables, canned soups, um lunch meat. What else? Frozen foods, any of that stuff that has preservatives in it, you know, is gonna be full of sodium. So just kind of limiting that because that will make, that will make you retain fluid. So just be mindful of that. Um Yeah,
Patient: I'm aware, I'm aware
Nurse: Of that. Perfect. And then are you, do you still have a cough at all?
Patient: Uh every now and then but not, not much? Ok. Now what
Nurse: About not bad? Awesome. Um What about your issue with feeling like you couldn't breathe? How is that?
Patient: I didn't have any attack? Oh, she did give me an inha she did prescribe an inhaler for me. Uh So when that happens, so I got three, I have one in my bedroom, one in the kitchen and one in my purse. Wonderful.
Nurse: Have you had to use it
Patient: Yet? No, no, but I prime them all three. So you're ready to
Nurse: Go? Ok. Good, good, good. Um with those, you know, you wanna make sure you rinse your mouth out afterwards so you don't end up with Thrush. Um just, yeah, so
Patient: After I use it. Yeah. Oh, ok. Yeah. You
Nurse: Just wanna rinse with some water and you know, rinse and spit um that will avoid you getting any kind of thrush in there.
Patient: Oh, ok.
Nurse: Um and then when you use, you know, inhalers make sure you um breathe out all the way before you initiate the inhaler. Then when you initiate it you wanna, you know, breathe in real deep. Try and hold that for at least five seconds before you exhale.
Patient: Yeah, I'm hoping I can do that. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. And the biggest thing is just trying to, you know, hold the breath for as long as you can up to five seconds, you know, if you can't make it five. That's ok. Um, it's normal to cough afterwards. So, you know, don't be, don't be too concerned about that, but ok. Um, and just staying hydrated, make sure you're drinking enough water.
Patient: Yes, I'm, I'm aware of that. Yeah. Awesome.
Nurse: Yeah. Well, I'm so glad to hear you're doing so much better. Oh, I'm doing a little much. Yeah. Good. I was a little worried about you there for, for a while. Yeah. Oh, my God. Yeah. Good. Oh, good. Do you have any other concerns or questions today? Uh,
Patient: No, I was, I was trying, going over what, what I need to tell you, but I think I'm, I'm doing all right.
Nurse: Perfect. I'm glad to hear. And it looks like you're scheduled with Krista again next month. That'll just be your month follow up. So that'll be on the [PHI-Personal]. You'll see her again. So, ok. Well, if you need anything and go ahead.
Patient: Well, on Thursday I had my, my surgery on my leg with that, uh, basal cell. I think it was. You had that done? So, I think that's doing all right. Yeah.
Nurse: Now, do you have a dressing over top of that area?
Patient: Well, you know what I did, but yesterday when I took it off, I seemed like moisture and it was like, looked like it was inflamed. So I thought it was getting too moist. So I slept without it and tried to keep my leg out over the covers so to get the air to dry it up. So, now today I have like a, I lose pair of like shorts on. It goes down over the, over the surgery thing. So I don't know if I did it right or not. That ban it made it like soft and moisture.
Nurse: Ok. I'm just reading over your report here to see if they mentioned in here how they want you to treat it.
Patient: He did say about getting, if it gets, you know, wet or moisture to take it off. I think he told me that the dressing you mean Yeah. Ok. Yeah, I don't know if that's on my report but I remember him talking about that.
Nurse: Ok, I mean, I don't see anything in here like there's nothing in your report from that day stating, you know, post surgical care. Um, being from a, you know, I was a former wound care nurse. The biggest thing you wanna do is just watch for that signs of infection, you know, the inflammation, redness, warmth to touch increased pain. Um Any ent drainage. Um ok. How, how large is the wound area?
Patient: It's like a dime be about as big as a dime.
Nurse: Is there any depth to it?
Patient: I would say a fraction of a little bit.
Nurse: Ok. So at this point, if it's dry and there's no drainage to it at all,
Patient: Uh yeah, it's not moist, there's no drainage there
Nurse: Now. Ok. So, I mean you could keep it covered with if you, if a band aid it will is big enough to cover it or if you have like gauze or something you can do that just to avoid. Um because it's still considered an open wound, you know, you're still very prone to infection with bacteria getting in there. Um If you have it open to air, so definitely wanna keep it covered, you can change it as often as you need to uh you know, the dressing over top, but I would definitely try and keep it covered just to avoid any bacteria getting in there.
Patient: Ok. It's, it's, uh, it's like red around the outside, around the whole circle. It's like a circle and it's like little red around there.
Nurse: Does it feel warm to touch?
Patient: I don't touch it with my fingers. I don't know.
Nurse: Well, well, you don't have to touch the wound itself but if you just touch next to it, can you, does it feel warmer than other parts of your leg, you know, that aren't compromised? Ok. Um, does it seem inflamed? Now, there might still be a little bit of swelling just, you know, normal swelling from? Yeah, surgery. But,
Patient: Well, when, when the moisture was there, it was, it was like, um, I told you the red was there but then around there it was like in inflamed a little but now that went away, uh, when I, when I gave it some air and kept that band aid off, now that's not there anymore. It was like, oh, maybe a half inch around the whole area, you know, that was like, like pink, red or whatever. But now that's all gone except for that real close to the wound. It's like red or pink.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah. And that, that's ok. Just like I said, you wanna watch for that increased pain, any warmth to touch or notable, you know, swelling to the area. But I would definitely keep it, I would definitely keep it covered. Um, when you shower, just let the soap and water run down over top of it. Don't scrub it, pat it dry. Yeah, pat it dry and then put a clean dry dressing over top and you should be fine.
Patient: Yeah. But I did, I put a, a cool wash rag on, uh, when it was like inflamed. I put that on. Yeah. Yeah. Well, do you think I should put Vaseline on again? Um,
Nurse: I wouldn't put anything on it only because he doesn't, he doesn't indicate that he wants anything on it in your report. Let me just double let me just go back over this real quick.
Patient: He did give me Vaseline to put on I was putting that but no, I I don't feel like I should put that on anymore. I don't know.
Nurse: So after the surgery he gave you Vaseline to put on it.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah I did that for like 22 days, five days and then but yeah, I'll put gauze on like you said now.
Nurse: Yeah, yeah, you can try to do the Vaseline around the edges. If you don't wanna put it on the open wound itself, you can put it around uh you know on your leg around the edge of the wound just to keep it from drying out.
Patient: Ok. Well I'm yeah I'm afraid if I put Barcelo on the wound itself, it's gonna be too soft. I don't know. I don't know. So. Alright, I'll put it on around the edge and I put that or put the gauze on then.
Nurse: When do you, uh, it looks like you're not to follow up with them for six months. Is that correct?
Patient: Oh, no, there was no follow up. My next appointment is, it's for a skin check in. I think it's in [PHI-Personal]. Ok.
Nurse: Well, what I'll do, ok, I'll reach out to you. What's today? Today's Tuesday the 23rd. I'll reach out to you, June 6th. That's two weeks from today. Um, just to see how you're doing. And in the meantime, you know, you can always reach out to me if you feel that, you know, you're having any issues or anything, but I'll reach out to you in two weeks. Ok. And just see how you're doing. Ok. And if at that point there's anything, you know, any concerns, we can always reach out to the surgeon and let him know. Ok. Sounds good. All right, Barbara. Well, you take care and I'll talk to you soon. Well, thank you so much. Ok. You're welcome. Have a good day. You too. Bye bye. Thanks. Bye bye.
