Nurse: For the blood work,
Patient: Uh, doctor hematologist at UP MC.
Nurse: All right, in two weeks from yesterday.
Patient: Right. Yeah. Uh, the only thing I have to watch out for and I know we're not really that close to it is [PHI-Personal]. I am going to go to [PHI-Geographic] and have my tape procedure actually done.
Nurse: Ok, let me look over here on this. Today is [PHI-Personal]. So,
Patient: [PHI-Personal], something around that would be ok.
Nurse: Yeah. So it's gonna be, probably, let me see what lab has on the [PHI-Personal]. Hang on just a second.
Patient: I could go get my paper. It says CBC. Yeah, they, well, she said, she said she was gonna send a message to daughter [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Ok. My computer can be slow as Christmas.
Patient: Ok. Let me go in my room here. I'll pull my paper and make sure that, you know, the lab work I had last time is the same she wants this time. I'm going to assume it, but I get my paper right here. Ok. Ok. Ok. I'm in my room. Ok. CBC with Death B MP and hepatic function
Nurse: Panel. Ok. Um, on the [PHI-Personal], I have a 10 a.m. Is that too long for you to fast?
Patient: I have to pass for [PHI-Personal] of these.
Nurse: Uh, the B MP. You do?
Patient: Ohh, I didn't the last time. Shoot. Oh,
Nurse: Well, that's all right.
Patient: Yes. You told me fast before, but that's not a problem. I don't think so because until I get done with my, you know, valve procedure, it's 99 30 something like that until I get done. So that won't be a problem.
Nurse: Let me see what I've got. Ok. So I have on the [PHI-Personal] which is like exactly two weeks. Um, and that [PHI-Personal] at 9 45. Let's do that [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Ok. I should be clear to gum at that point.
Nurse: Perfect. All right, I have got you in there for that. Ok. And then I will send a note to Doctor [PHI-Personal]. Doctor [PHI-Personal] is the [PHI-Personal] that will set you up for your sleep study. Um, and then they'll, uh, Doctor mp's nurse will call you with the day and what you have to do and et cetera, et cetera. Um [PHI-Personal] second is the only day you won't be able to do it.
Patient: Correct because when I have a surgical procedure cheap down at [PHI-Geographic].
Nurse: Ok. Alrighty. So I'll tell them anything except the second.
Patient: Yeah,
Nurse: Perfect. All right, ma'am. I will. All right. Uh We'll get that all in there. Everything else is good.
Patient: Yeah, my test have been looked really good this past time because my sugar levels, they're low I've ever seen. They were 88. Like I never had that.
Nurse: Absolutely, [PHI-Personal]. That is wonderful. Now, your sea, I am still working on because it's, it's hopes and loops, you know that thing, you know, when you go with [PHI-Personal] and you put it in and then they'll kick it back to you because they refuse it. Well, I'm on my third. Go around with him because they want specific codes and numbers. So we're trying to make sure we get the right ones in there. Um Just thank God we don't have a limit on how many times they kick us back [PHI-Personal] time we're gonna get it right. So once we get it, then we'll be able to get it to you.
Patient: Ok, what about the other health insurances? Do they get involved in improving that? That I have.
Nurse: Um, let me see what the other [PHI-Personal]
Patient: Is. Like. [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Uh, it looks like it looks like [PHI-Personal] is done on both. So, yeah, and she just kicks it back. She just tells me, hey, you know, they kicked it back. Gotta figure something melts back. So then I'll give her something else and she submits that. So um we're gonna keep working on it. Don't, don't leave by me
Patient: Yet. Oh Lord, I never is helping you. You are wonderful. Oh
Nurse: Yeah, I appreciate. And
Patient: I'm doing well with this cushion. My healing, the wound area is healing up beautifully. I only have. She said God, it's like if you rub your fingers together, [PHI-Personal] finger over the, you know, tuck it in. It's that small. So I'm doing real well. That is because otherwise it, otherwise she says it's all healed. There's new skin on it. Just a teeny tiny little dot
Nurse: Man, I'm
Patient: Twice a week. So it's been a long haul.
Nurse: I know it, [PHI-Personal]. That's fantastic.
Patient: Ok. So he told me Monday and I'll be back on Friday. Take another look. And today I took, I like I took my first shower in the shower to bed bath
Nurse: And nothing better than that.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah,
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. That's great. So, are you so anxiety and everything? Staying under control?
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. I, I, what I, what I should, it's something I just have to deal with my original home up in Bel [PHI-Geographic]. Uh, I went to see my husband and, you know, my little grandchild and the family up there and it was very depressing how it looks and how it's being kept. I just like I can't do this. I, I just can't do it. So, and now, unfortunately my name are on the house anymore. So, and I can't get my [PHI-Personal] whose name is on the house with his dad to listen to me and to go get help because his dad has the money to get help, for help at home to take care of. It was free him up from inside work and get the outside work done, you know. So, but I just, it's just that part just runs through my mind because I'm O CD because my house is, you know. Yes.
Nurse: Yeah, that's me. I don't want anything out of place.
Patient: Yeah. And I, like, you know, we have with windows washed, have been washed for two years, uh, and doing the curtains, all the stuff. She's there. My [PHI-Personal] so called fiancee with the baby. Now she has cancer of the brain, but she gets up, she moves around and it's sad to say this. I shouldn't even mention she has a medical marijuana card. She can get in the car, drive into Blue, get in [PHI-Geographic] Matter where, uh, marijuana smuggled their friends. But she can't do the cleaning. I,
Nurse: Yeah. No, no, it
Patient: Just, she just, I'm sorry, I'm just venting.
Nurse: No, that's perfectly fine because I'm a firm believer. If you can get up and do that, then you can get up and clean the house.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's like it's a farm house, two story, three bedroom upstairs, a nice Refin renewed bathroom, uh, and two areas downstairs with a enclosed back porch. So it's not like really huge, but it looks like crap, [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: You know, that's so sad. And, you know, here's what I don't understand when you have something like that and it's basically been given to you. You should be so thankful that all you wanna do is keep it beautified.
Patient: Yeah. And, and I, I talked to my, that's when I said I talked to him lots of times and I said with your dad having lung cancer and, and not really had anything done yet for the lung cancer, uh, and her having, you know, brain cancer but moves around. All right. You know, uh, and I have her old son who's [PHI-Personal] and he, there's a trail across the road. He lives there. Uh, and he goes, what it with, with, uh, my [PHI-Personal] now. Mhm. And of course nobody bothered getting him a permanent license. They just, that goes, the step son goes, he's not my son. It's not my duty. I'm thinking Jesus. Sorry. Yeah. But there's nothing wrong with that boy that he can't help. You know? So it's just crazy ass things that go through a brain that's not used to seeing that.
Nurse: I know. And you know what's so sad is people of that age and it's almost like it doesn't matter how you raised them somewhere along the way, whatever influence they had at school, whatever influence they had somewhere else. Boom. That it's just, that's how they think they're supposed to live. Not appreciate, not feel blessed. I don't get it. I don't get it.
Patient: I don't either, but I'm glad I talked to you, [PHI-Personal]. I just kind of done it a little bit there. Sorry about that. I go through, you know, that things I go through and I say, ok, Barb, let it go. Anything to do about it. You don't live there, you live down here where it's really nice and you have good people who take care of you and supporting you. You've got everything you need doctors and everything. There's no reason to what they doing.
Nurse: Yeah, we're healing, falls around the corner, you're gonna have everything done and you're gonna get to enjoy some fall. Hm.
Patient: Yeah, that too. Yeah. So my, so my son, I take out there and I, I right around and get my favorite stuff. You know. So, yeah, I'm, and I'm looking forward to get my big some how to have this, you know, digital crap done. Mhm. My voice background. But yeah, so, yeah, I doing, I am actually doing well, you know, uh, mentally it's not that bad, just overdo, you know.
Nurse: Right. Right. Well, I am very
Patient: Glad I won't keep you the phone, honey. And I thank you for all your help. Ok.
Nurse: Absolutely. And you call me if you need anything else.
Patient: Ok. Now my blood test is gonna be what date it
Nurse: Is on the [PHI-Personal] at 9 45
Patient: [PHI-Account]. And then to see the sleep medicine doctor,
Nurse: They'll call you with that. I'm sending the referral to doctor [PHI-Personal] and um his nurse will call you because he is. Yep, you'll see him everything there but they'll do your sleep test before you see Doctor [PHI-Personal]. Um, he just goes ahead. Yes, ma'am or what they can do is, is mail you. Um, it's a thing that goes on the end of your finger and a little belt that goes around underneath your breast and you just do it for three nights.
Patient: Oh, ok. Whichever way they wanna do it is fine with me.
Nurse: Ok,
Patient: That work and works for me. Ok. Ok. Thank you. And you have a wonderful day. You too. Ok. It was great talking to honey. Bye bye.
