Nurse: Ok, thank you. Oh, man, I apologize. She is on another line with a looking and she was just calling to make sure you were doing ok. There wasn't anything that you needed or we could help you with.
Patient: Uh, well, there are two things that are starting to act up, but I don't know what can be done about it. Um, my right hand, when I had my carpal tunnel on my left hand, they really said that both my hands should be done. But at that point I was working and I couldn't have both hands, not, you know, out of commission for a while. And I think my right one might be acting up now that I need to get it done because like my thumb is numb, the tip of it is numb and like, when I try to, like a garden hose or a spray bottle, when I spray at the bottom of my thumb, it, it hurts and then it shoots up my thumb.
Nurse: That sounds very much like it. Who did that surgery on the other hand?
Patient: Oh, that's a good question because that was a couple of years ago. Um, does O IP do that? Do they operate on hands? I'm trying to remember. I think I was, I think I remember going to osteopathic. Well, it's Union. It's up MC at Union Deposit now. And there was a building in the back where you went down in the basement and there was a surgery center down there. I think that's where I had it. I'm pretty sure it was. Oh, I, oh, I don't know because I know I went some place different to have a test done that. I'm trying to remember where that test was done. That was in an office building, like on [PHI-Geographic] or something. The doctor that operated wasn't the same one. I don't think that did the, I don't know. I don't know. It's too long ago.
Nurse: That's all right. I'll look in your chart if it doesn't matter to you about going back to the same surgeon. I can always check with Doctor [PHI-Personal] and see who she recommends and we can do a referral that way for you.
Patient: Yes, that's no problem. No problem whatsoever. I would rather have her referral anyway. So.
Nurse: Sure. And you said it's the right one. This time you already had the left one done.
Patient: Yes, the left one was already done and at the time they tested and did everything they said they wanted to do both. But like I said, I couldn't do both at the same time.
Nurse: Ok. Let me follow up with her and I'll call you just as soon as she lets me know. And if we need referral, some, some of the surgeons require it, some do not. But if they do need one, we'll be to send one for you and I'll let you know for sure. Once I hear back from doctor,
Patient: Then the only other thing was my lower back and that comes and goes and that I'm not sure what that is. I mean, it's way, you know, like at the crack of your butt right there and like an inch no more like two inches out on either side, depending on what I do. I just get pain and sometimes it's doesn't bother me. It goes days without and then other times it gets that bad that it feels like the top of my butt is numb. Like I can feel electricity going through it. And I don't know if it's my muscles from doing 30 years of sitting on my butt all day, my work and now I'm not working and now I'm, you know, like out in my garden weeding and doing whatever. So, I don't know what if that's what it is or, and when did it
Nurse: Start? Is this recently?
Patient: Um, no, it's been on and off for at least a year. But, you know, like I said, I could go weeks without anything and then all of a sudden it gets, like, real tight and then electricity and then numbness, like, and I don't know.
Nurse: And does it go down your legs? No, when you get that leg? Ok.
Patient: No, no, it's only across, you know, like from the middle of my back and out across the top of my butt. Ok. And I don't know, let me, I don't know. I had as well when I was hit by the car, they had did X rays and everything and on the x-ray it did say something. You probably have access to it the very bottom. It said that there was no, oh, I forget how they said it, how they worded it, but there was no cushion between the two bones that it was, uh, let's see if I can give you the exact wording. And I don't know because that would be the area it's in and I don't know if that has anything to do with anything or not. Let me see if I can find that paper quick.
Nurse: Ok. I'm looking to on my end.
Patient: I, where did I put them? Where did I put my folders? Here? It is my folder's uh, no, it is this one I think because I had given a copy of it to my, uh, chiropractor. I see a chiropractor every once in a while. Ok. And I gave him, uh, I think it was this one. It doesn't. Ok. Significant degenerative end plate change. Special at [PHI-Geographic]. Oh, ok. And that would be at the very bottom bottom. Mhm. Yeah. And that's where I'm, and I don't know if there's anything they can do about that or not. There
Nurse: Are probably what she's gonna wanna do. My, well, I don't know, to be honest and she may want you to see an orthopedic provider. Um, well, there's a couple of different specialists we could go with, but given your symptoms, let me send her a message and I'm actually typing it while we're on the phone. Now, tell her everything that's going on and see what she recommends. So, I'm gonna follow up with you on this surgeon for the carpal tunnel and then also who, what the next step be for that lower back? And then I'll, I'll definitely call you back and I'll let you know and depending on what she recommends you and I will talk about it and, and we'll go from there.
Patient: Yeah. Other than that I've been doing good and, and like I said, the back comes and goes now now right now it, it's shooting electric because I was walking up and down the ladder this morning. We were putting those gutter covers on, so to keep the leaves out of the gutters, we were putting those on and I was walking up and down the ladder and I think the more I'm on my feet, I think the more it bothers me.
Nurse: Oh, that makes sense to catch [PHI-Personal] because we want you to stay active and stay bus. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Ok. Well, let's figure out what your next step is gonna be and I'll definitely help you. I'll just give you a call back as soon as I hear from her.
Patient: No problem and no rush. Just like I, it's been going on my thumb just is progressively getting worse and I notice it, I really noticed it the last two weeks when I go to water my flowers because we haven't had any rain and just pushing the garden hose on. I mean, it's like it's like my, my thumb goes numb. Yeah. And now of course I decided to do the towels this morning and hang em out so it wouldn't take as much electricity to dry em and guess what? It's pouring down, raining now. No, if I would have known it was that easy to get it to rain, I would have hung my towels out a long time ago.
Nurse: [PHI-Personal] it.
Patient: I think it was that easy. But, yeah, that's
Nurse: Right. Well, [PHI-Personal] it. We though. That's good.
Patient: Alrighty. Well, you have a great rest of your day. And I'll wait to hear back from you then. Sounds good.
Nurse: You too. I'll talk with you soon.
Patient: Ok, thanks.
Nurse: Ok, you're welcome. Bye bye.
