Patient: Yeah, it does.
Nurse: This is speaking. May I help you?
Patient: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal]. I returning your call.
Nurse: Hey, I just wanted to see how things were and how you guys were doing. We were doing great and you did end up getting the medication right? You had said before? Ok. And it's a, it's a four month supply. Actually,
Patient: It's a five month supply.
Nurse: I thought they
Patient: Said four, thought they did two, but we got five months.
Nurse: Hey, I'm not gonna tell if you're not gonna tell
Patient: A word word.
Nurse: Nope. Nope. And then how does it work when he needs more? Is you guys just contact them or does another script need to go over? They
Patient: Will, they will contact the doctor's office and then ask for another script and then they will refill that one.
Nurse: Oh, that's
Patient: Awesome because when I talked to the person, they said that because I asked. I said, do we send another script in or what? And they said, oh, no, they'll take care of everything on their end.
Nurse: Oh, that's awesome. And how was his sugars been?
Patient: Um, actually, um, pretty, pretty good. I mean, you know, anywhere between where they're supposed to under 100 and 40. I can't, I'm not at home right now so I can't.
Nurse: Really? Oh, no, you're fine knowing under 100 and 40 works. You don't check yours, right? Yours, you do by the A one C?
Patient: Yeah, I don't check mine. Well, she never told me to get a monitor or anything but my A one C has been under seven.
Nurse: They usually only have you monitor if you're having problems or if you're on insulin. Yeah.
Patient: I'm only on Metformin.
Nurse: Yeah. So that's probably why they don't have you monitor. But as long as your A One CS, yeah, your A one C has been coming down. So, that's good. Did you guys adjust your diet or something? Is that?
Patient: Well, I, I actually have watched what I've been eating. I've lost probably about 25 lbs.
Nurse: Congratulations.
Patient: Since the CO, since COVID. I mean, you know, it's taken me a while and we don't go out too much, much to eat either. And that makes a big, big difference.
Nurse: Well, yeah. Yeah, because then you can control more what you're eating and kind of watch the carbs and the starches, you know, like the beans and the veggies and, yeah.
Patient: Yeah, a lot of salads and stuff. We, um, when you're on, when you're on Social security you don't have the money to go out anymore.
Nurse: Well, no, but groceries keep going up too.
Patient: Well, that's it. So, and portion wise we've cut down on portions and we don't, we do have soda in the house but we don't, I don't drink much soda at all. The
Nurse: Only reason is it diet soda or regular soda? Uh,
Patient: Regular soda? I don't like diet and I don't drink diet. I don't drink soda. I usually drink water and I keep a yeti full of ice water all day long. I'm drinking that off and on the water
Nurse: Helps too. It helps with your sugar and with the weight and everything else and
Patient: It flushes your system. So, and I, I, you know, and I just been cooking normal and I use an air fryer right now this time of year though. We use the grill a lot.
Nurse: How do you like the air fryer? Does that seem to make them healthier? Yes. Do you feel like? Ok, I've heard good things about it. I was just curious. So that's good because that'll help, cut out some fats and stuff. Yeah. Yeah. And the extra grease, it's not greasy with that. Is
Patient: It? No, it's not. I mean, you know, and he's able to, I guess we want french fries. We can put French fries in the air fryer and it's like having regular French fries and they're not done in fat.
Nurse: Yeah. Just be careful about doing too many of those because that gets
Patient: Your, yeah, I don't, we don't eat too many of them at all.
Nurse: Sadly, the thing that's so hard for most people is like breads, potatoes and pasta. And the tough part is those are some of the more like affordable foods.
Patient: Yeah. And that's what's so sad. I mean, you know, so, like, when I do pasta may I might only do spaghetti or like, um, oh, like was or something? Maybe once every two months. Very seldom do. We eat a lot of pasta. We don't eat a lot of potatoes because the potassium and the potatoes hurts his kid kidneys. So, I, it's really hard to cook for him because of his heart attack. It damaged his kidneys. Yeah. And not being diabetic,
Nurse: You know, and high BP, they all kind of affect each other.
Patient: Yeah. So, but his blood pressures have been great. Everything has been really, they were really pleased that his last, um, he had, uh, blood work now. They do his blood work every three months or four months. And they were very pleased with the outcome of that. And he had lost weight with that too. So,
Nurse: I'm so glad I can't wait to see. I think his last A one C was in [PHI-Personal]. I'll be curious to see what his next one is, yeah, I, I, because he's been going down too, from [PHI-Personal] to [PHI-Personal]. He dropped from 8.0 to 7.4. You both have.
Patient: Yeah. And doctor said that dropping we can have our, is because of our age. It can go up to 7.5. I think she said because she said it's a new diabetic thing that they have, it can go up a little bit higher than the 7.0
Nurse: And he's below it. And I think you were too.
Patient: Right. Yeah, I think mine was 7.1. Yours
Nurse: Was 7.1 and his was 7.4. So, you're both below it and you're both going in the right direction. Yeah, because you, in [PHI-Personal] you were 7.4 and then in May you, you were 7.1.
Patient: Yeah. So, which is good.
Nurse: That's very good. Keep doing whatever it is you're doing, being active drinking water. The diet, keep going with it. Uh, is the new, the new medicine is helping him too, right? When they had switched him to it that it helped with his sugars.
Patient: The o Ozempic. Oh, yeah. Yeah. And then she increased the Lantus too that he was on, she had increased that when she, he couldn't get the Ozempic. I'm not sure how much he takes off hand, but with, um, the com,
Nurse: He's not running too low though. Right? Like, he's not below 60 seventies.
Patient: No, no. Good. Yeah. So, but
Nurse: The fact all his are, his are running about under 100 and 40. That's wonderful.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah, his are really been very, now, next, the next two weeks are gonna be a challenge because we're headed for [PHI-Geographic] and on Friday for two weeks.
Nurse: I guess. It depends on how well you do being outside in the heat. Yeah.
Patient: Well, you know, that's just it, we're going down to Daytona for the racers and, oh, but I, I'm doing most of my cooking because we have a time share that has a kitchen. So I'm doing perfect cooking anyways. So we'll go out now and then. But we always watch what we get when we go out.
Nurse: Well, yeah. And even if you eat some of the food at the races, it's not like you're doing it all the time. Yeah. Well, that's it, you know, but you're also gonna be active, you'll be outside and, I mean, you gotta hike all those stairs for the races. Like there's your work out for the
Patient: Day. Oh, no, you don't, you don't have to hike them. They're escalators. What? Really? Yeah,
Nurse: I've never been to the Daytona Track but now I think I'm gonna have to go just because there's escalators there. Seriously.
Patient: There's all the way up to the very top level and, oh, my goodness. Each level has a con co that has like, fast, not fast food, but they have foods and stuff that you can get, but we always take our own, we tailgate. So we don't have to, if
Nurse: You can bring a cooler in with you to most of the races.
Patient: Right. Yeah, we take Gatorade and water.
Nurse: You guys don't need any refills on any of your meds before you go. Do you? You'll have enough to last.
Patient: Yes, we do have enough to last. Actually, we just got our last shipment, both of us for the next three months. Ok.
Nurse: Good. I'm just glad that we were able to get that program for him.
Patient: So, I, there's
Nurse: A lot of people, the cost of the diabetic meds, especially the ones where there's no generic for it. It, it's crazy.
Patient: I know. I know. I even told my sister to look into it to talk to her doctor about it because she's not diabetic. But she has a medicine that when she gets in the donut hole, it costs her $1700 a month.
Nurse: Oh, my goodness. What's the medicine?
Patient: I couldn't tell you. I don't know,
Nurse: Find out the name for me and in my off time I'll see if I can find one of the programs that works for
Patient: It. Ok. So I, I, I'm pretty sure I told her I gave her the, the number and everything I said and I think she even looked it up. I think it's on the program for needing meds.
Nurse: Ok. If it's not just let me know. Yeah. And in my off time I can try to search something for her. So nobody should be paying $1700 for a med one med. Like, even for all your meds, that's a crazy
Patient: Price. It is. It's crazy. So, and I said, well, she goes to Cornerstone too, so she went to, um, oh, the doctor that left, I can't think of her name. [PHI-Personal]. She was a doctor [PHI-Personal] and I don't know who she has now. So, because they haven't adjusted everything yet. But, yeah, you,
Nurse: If you get my voice mail, just leave me the name of the med on it and I'll see what I can find out for her. Ok. I will do that. If, if the, if the one I had told you guys about didn't work. Uh
Patient: Huh. I know there's others out there.
Nurse: Oh, yeah, there's a, there's a bunch and we know of a few different ones. That's why, um, I'm saying just let me know and I'll see, I'll try to come up with a list of other ones in case that one doesn't work for her.
Patient: Ok. So I just have to wait, you know, she, she's so old fashion. She's older than me and just like, I don't need the help, you know. Oh, yeah. Yeah, you do. Yeah. But
Nurse: If I tell you and you tell her then it's different than her seeking out the help. Does that make sense?
Patient: Yeah. Yeah, it does. So, but, yeah, I, you know, old, old people. I'm, I'm awful
Nurse: But then I think it's some young people too. We just get stubborn and set in our ways. But if you can save $1700 a month, who wouldn't wanna save, save $1700 a month?
Patient: Well, that's it. You know, it's ridiculous to have to pay that much. I know. Like the Ozempic was that price on. That was outrageous. It's just ridiculous. So, and is high too.
Nurse: Yeah. And most, a lot of the meds they're super high are diabetic. Not all, there's some cardiac ones too.
Patient: Yeah. And I think that's what hers is, is the cardiac one.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, just let me know and I'll see what I can find out.
Patient: Ok, we'll do that. So,
Nurse: But enjoy your trip. When do you leave?
Patient: Thank you, uh, Friday, Friday morning. So we're driving down. So we take our time and we'll stop somewhere probably in South Carolina overnight on Friday night and then we'll continue on on Saturday and get there Saturday afternoon sometime.
Nurse: Smart. Just make sure you're getting and stretching your legs every couple of hours with. Oh, yeah, we
Patient: Do. I, I definitely
Nurse: Don't want blood clots, but no,
Patient: I can't drive that long. I just, it's a killer on my hips and my legs. I can't do it. So.
Nurse: Well, that's good. It's smart that you guys are stopping part way down, but it'll make for a nice
Patient: Trip. Oh, yeah. Yeah, I can't wait, can't wait to just have
Nurse: Escalators at the race track. I just, I can't, I didn't even realize, I guess it makes sense in the south. You couldn't do it in the north because of the snow and everything else. It would destroy them. But,
Patient: Mhm. So, and they're all under cover. They're all undercover. So, I mean, and like, if they have a rain delay you can go into any of the levels. You don't, they clear what they usually do is clear the stands because of the metal. But then you can go underneath the cons and sit there until the rain delay is over and then go back to your seat. So, but we have the perfect seats at the, at the entrance to the pit.
Nurse: Great. That's awesome. Oh,
Patient: Yeah. So, and we always have a good time. So, and, and that's the only thing we really do. Oh, yeah.
Nurse: But it'll be fun and it'll be a change.
Patient: Mhm. And I got books to go with me to sit on the beach and read.
Nurse: See, you're prepared and your sunscreen. Right. Oh,
Patient: Yeah. I have 100% sunscreen. Ok. I don't go without that. So, yeah,
Nurse: We, and be careful going barefoot if you go barefoot on beaches being diabetic. I,
Patient: I do go barefoot on the beach but I'm very cautious only because you never know what you're gonna step on. Yeah. Just make
Nurse: Sure you check your feet at night too.
Patient: Oh, I do. I do so. Yeah, I, I always do so
Nurse: Because I, because I know people who have had problems with that and I do not want to see that happen to anybody else.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. No, I'm very cautious about that. Deny yells at me every time I go barefoot on the beach, but I can't stand sandals or shoes on while I'm walking on,
Nurse: On. Well, I don't know if you get sand and, I mean, even flip flops and stuff are not a lot different.
Patient: Yeah. So, maybe I'll break down this year and get some, uh, water shoes and I can wear them.
Nurse: Oh, yeah. I have a pair of those. They're, they're like sneakers that you can wear in the water and on the sand. It's a good thing because then you don't have to worry about going barefoot on the beach and especially if you have any open sores or anything on your feet. Do don't
Patient: Go. Yeah. No, I don't have any of them. So I'm very cautious about my feet because I know diabetics that have problems with their feet, then they end up losing toes and feet and everything else. No, I don't want
Nurse: That. No. No. And you wanna keep all your toes and your feet definitely because sometimes those areas can get infected and it gets bad. But, and you guys take a cooler and ice with you right for the, for the for the meds and stuff. Oh, yeah, especially the insulin. Ok. Ok. Well, that sounds great. I hope you guys have a great time. Take lots of pictures.
Patient: Oh, we do, we do.
Nurse: Well, I hope you guys have a wonderful trip and I will talk to you guys after.
Patient: Ok. Well, thank you so much.
Nurse: You're welcome. If you need anything, just give a call. Ok, I
Patient: I will thank you. Ok. You're welcome. Ok, bye bye. Bye. Bye, see.
