Nurse: Oh, goodness, she's, yeah, she just needs to read my notes and different things and, and understand what we're doing here.
Patient: And I said, I, I said that when doctor called a little after four yesterday and he agree. You did. You did?
Nurse: Yeah. Um, let's see here. Did you get all your medications the other day? I had,
Patient: Yes, I left you a message. I called [PHI-Personal] and said, told you I got the cold. Um, that would be the increase in the Levemir from him. Um, the Losartan came from over the weekend from, um, Walgreens and when I picked up the, um, the Lasix it was attached. Um, but that was that, I think what else? I forget what else I told you. Oh, the furniture and I had to get rid of the tension stuff. The furniture is here and that means I have a device. Ok. Oh, good. Um, it wasn't without a major, you know, situation. The problem is my bed. I cannot elevate because they didn't bring the remote. Ok. So, and I called,
Nurse: Or did they forget the remote?
Patient: Oh, they didn't bring to the vacuum either. Well, that I know of, I haven't finished. We did look through a bunch of boxes but I, you know, there's a box where instead of them, I don't, I still haven't figure this out. Instead of just bringing the filing cabinet, you took all the stuff out and put it just through the papers in a box. No, and it was in the remote for the back. Was it was there? So, I don't, you know, I don't know, I'm still figuring out what, what I still own. Um, I called back up. I, I've been on backup few times a few times and lotion, but the problem is, and I didn't think of it when they were here putting this stuff in. I need the number off the base of the bed and it's underneath. I can't do that on my own. So I'm tracking down somebody to try to help get the numbers so we can even put in an order for the control because normally you get the number off of the remote or the manual. I had a whole big book of all the manuals notebook. But I do not know that that made the trip cut, you know. So we don't have the easy way is we don't have. And, uh, let's see. Um, but I do have the bad, which is still better than the bed that, you know, um, actually the, um, housekeeping and laundry are moving in and the housekeeping finally said she has a fight with her husband. She's just gonna come here and then she can change her clothes and clean. Um, and she caught, they, they decided it's like a hotel. The bedroom, a hotel would have a little more room. It's, uh, it's very tight in here. Um Anyway, we got that. So the breathing is better than yesterday. We, I did, I had put all the nebulizer stuff in a bag the and stuff that I had and the, um, nebulizer and it did make the cut. So I got that over the weekend. So I did have the nebulizer last night, which you wanted me to do the Budesonide and even have the Budesonide because we used to use it for Sinus rinse was gonna order it and I said we use it for R I, I've got a lot actually because we stopped the sinus rinse abruptly. So we were doing that twice a day. So I've got a lot. Um, and it made, it made the trip. Um So the peak flow was 3 43 43 90 today as opposed to 300. No car. Um, I, like, she didn't know what was, uh, sure. And, um, Doctor [PHI-Personal] put the Lasix now, twice a day. I lost four lbs last night.
Nurse: Wow, goodness gracious.
Patient: It was, if you look, it was [PHI-Account] 45 yesterday, it's [PHI-Account] 41 today.
Nurse: Yeah. Did, were you up to the bathroom all night?
Patient: No, that was what was weird. I really wasn't thinking it did anything because I, you know, I even tutored some, you know, and I wasn't running to the bathroom during the evening or the at night. And so I didn't think I was surprised when it was down. So I, I guess when I did go I went, um, but so, no, I actually, you know, slept better last night. Um, and, uh, I, I haven't figured out the, the new, I got the came Friday night too, or Saturday too. Oh, I'm still trying to figure out it's, but it's, I don't, I, I think it has a different way. It doesn't record because the machine will tell you at one time. But what's on the, um, on the app is something different, you know, as far as how long I've used it. Um, and I think the other night something, it must have come off or something because the mask number was like 60 something, which is, which, you know, 24 they consider high. But even last night it was 38 but it was 52 the day before and 28 yesterday or today last night. Um, it's, it's only saying I average five hours the one night it said I had 9, 18 usage, but it's only averaging five, but the machine will say like eight or [PHI-Account]. So I don't know the, the phone app. But, um, anyway, so that's improved. We've got, we have that machine. I have the new blood, the new BP cuff and the new, um, pulse ox. So you should see those.
Nurse: Oh, good, good, good that we did that.
Patient: I'm, I'm, I'm moving in the new, you know what? Um, let's see. My, I've got my, since I got the robot. Oh, you, the, the carpet was like, it's still nasty, but at least it's a whole lot better than, and I'm not letting her vacuum come in anymore. And, um, it's too tight anyway, she's not gonna vacuum much. My, my, my robot will do under the bed under the dresser, but you can see the dirt that it picked up. So we definitely cleaned up a little. Oh, gross. It's bad. Um, it is not a good, you know, step. I can only show you pictures, but let's put it this way. Ok, I'll give you one, the blood people came yesterday and to spray the room. And I said, personally, I think the best, the most important place you need to spray is by my chair in the dining room. Mhm. The, that there was a button crawling down the wall as I'm eating.
Nurse: Oh, gross.
Patient: Fucking me itch. And I'm, and I'm alongside the wall. Ok. Um Yeah. Yeah, that does that help tell you what we got going on here. It's, yeah, I want apps. Ok? But nobody, nothing will open up. If I had the money, we would be never gotten here to start with. I know that but we'd be gone. Um, I know it's, there's worse but it's still not good. But anyway, Doctor [PHI-Personal] says something about that. They think the body was adjusting about food. I, have you eaten something different? I says we got bad s everything I eat here is for, you know, ices. Yep. The, um, I eat bread, I eat pasta. I drink orange juice. You know, I mean, I have no choice because, ok, if I don't want that, then I can get a hamburger with a bun or I can and nothing else, by the way, or I can get, um, I, I can get a grilled cheese sandwich. You know what I mean? As opposed to eating the bread that was already in the meal, you know, you can't like order a salad or, you know, you, you can't do that. Um, I mean, there's no, uh, and then she came here and she followed a little cans of Pepsi and she's, and the nurse person and she's screaming at me about that. It's like, because you, you're worried about the food, I'm thinking, ok, you can kill my whole diet and the little bit that I've had that Doctor [PHI-Personal] and Doctor E everybody's known about since day one. That's the problem. You know, you, you don't care about sodium you don't care about. I mean, but yeah, I'm eating really poorly. She and we also think it's the time of the year because the trees and pollen high and well, if you know me, I usually don't talk for my birthday and some days I didn't know if I was going to survive that day because I'd be so sick. So I, and by the way, my birthday is on the [PHI-Personal]. So we're in that time where we, you know, things get a little hairy. Mhm. And then, then when she found out that all the stuff came, she goes probably the three, it's probably a multitude of issues, you know. So she upped the Lasix. She put up the potassium and then added the ate. She, um, I had all of that. She was gonna write a script but with the machine coming and stuff, I said even the Lasix II, I think, and we just got Lasix. So we're good for a while right now. Um, we are having an issue again with the blister packs. Um, so that blister packs arrived last night and the person just looked at me with them and, uh, I didn't, I declined the whole order this time. Um, I just messaged Doctor [PHI-Personal] last night about if she gave authorization for these blister packs, you know, please take it back. He says I can't give authorization for anything. I said, well, your name is on the label. I just messaged her back about an hour ago. Your name is on the label.
Nurse: Yeah, that's odd. Um, unless somebody else sent it in, I haven't sent anything in, um, cause we can find stuff under Doctor [PHI-Personal] name. So it might have been someone else who sent it in on behalf of her.
Patient: I don't have a clue but yet we're still able to get them from the regular pharmacy
Nurse: Which, um, you said it's your blister pack.
Patient: Yeah, they're ordering blister packs for select pills that they wanna order. I say select because they don't ask me what I need. They don't ask, you know, they, and when we blew up, when I asked, they, when they blew up over me, asking them in an email to the head person, you know, nurse person. Do you have, um, you know, is your pharmacy able to get the Levemir? And I mean, within minutes somebody at the door screaming at me and by the way, the other med tech that they do a great impersonation. Well, you sent me news. She's the same one had to bring me the meds the other night I believe, sent these and she's talking to somebody on the phone anyway. Then when a big blow up with United Healthcare and the, the head, former head person and another person and the head nurse person came in and then, and, you know, so then she stormed out of here, she took the blister packs that I had and started using, stormed out of here. We'll just take them back and send them back. You know, it's like, like, you know, and she, because they were all mad because I mean, I, I don't know where it was a bad thing for me to ask if their pharmacy has Levemir. I, I don't, you know what I mean? I got why I had to keep getting yelled at over that. But anyway, and then they sent, they sent me more. They said that we, we, we stop this order. Well, next thing, you know, there's another order of pills, like, but they don't even know what they're doing and I knew I'm supposed to be in charge of my debts. I don't, you know, me and my hero, we're, we're, we're good, you know, and they get mad when they do talk about the meds and find out there's adjustments which I don't know who's supposed to be telling them. But when they, like, they got mad when they found out that it just the antiviral. I mean, I have threatened the 911 call to, to get them, uh, you know, it, not like they didn't know, and then they, you know, they're mad because the meds don't line up with, you know, she, it's like, ok, we just changed meds last night. The last time I talked, th we changed the meds. Doctor sent me word to drop the Levemir. We change meds as, you know, on a daily basis. You know, it's like if you wanna be involved in my med, you gotta be ready to keep up, you know, I mean. Mhm. What we do today doesn't mean we're doing that tomorrow, you know, tonight, you know, I stick with the program. Ok. I mean, now, now the smart move would be just to let me handle it. Doctor [PHI-Personal] and I do really good together with your help, you know, involved. I mean, we're like, so why do we need them? You know, I mean, they, they can't keep up with my med changes. I mean, and then, I mean, they've already told me, by the way, one of the reasons I'm here is because following doctor orders would, is too complicated for anybody to do from right here. I told that the other day. Are you [PHI-Account]? [PHI-Personal]? Yeah. You know, I know that's why I, you know, it's ok for me to get COVID and it's ok for me to live like this and it's ok for me to eat for that day. You know, doctor orders, my doctor orders are too complicated but anybody to, to follow and then they think I'm the suicidal one. I keep telling them it's murder. If they take over the meds, that would be, I, I won't laugh, you know that?
Nurse: Yeah. But they shouldn't need to. I mean, you're, you know, handling the meds just fine and we changed them so much that they would never be able to keep
Patient: Up. That's what I'm saying.
Nurse: Yeah. So, I wouldn't, you know, allow that to happen. I'm sure you'd have to sign something or something. They can't just take all your meds and start giving them to you. So I wouldn't, yeah, I wouldn't. Doctor
Patient: Doctor [PHI-Personal] is the one that has to sign for that. Mhm. That she had signed, that I would take over my meds and because of that then I was allowed to use the device. She's the one who gets to say all that and obviously she isn't letting anybody to get up. I handle it. We handle it together, you know. Um, and she was gonna order night I got that. Ok, we're, I, I just saw it the other day and we came in the last load it here, you know, we're gonna go move on. Mhm. And I, you know, I mean, we make our own, you know, I, I don't know why I need them, you know, to, you can't give up.
Nurse: No, they wouldn't be able to at all
Patient: By the time they figured out what we were doing. We, you know, I mean, I mean, whereas last night she said, within the hour, do you think you can do a treatment? Yeah. Finish. He went and got dinner and within the hour I had my nebulizer treatment. They, they still be working through the paper.
Nurse: Yeah, because I've dealt with assisted living in nursing homes before and you have to fax it over and this and get Doctor [PHI-Personal] to sign it, fax it back. It's just like such a freaking mess to try to do it that way.
Patient: And she said, and, you know, and I already was going to, but when just, you know, just take the Lasix, you can, you know, she was like, totally freaked out by the way, she was just totally a mess. And, um, I'm, I'm the one leading the show with her, you know, I, and um, so anyway, um, you know, I mean, whereas I can just go to the counter and take it, you know what I mean? Mhm. I'm authorized to do that even if even, you know, when I, you know, in, in the hospital notes, you know. So, I mean, it was like, yeah, don't touch my meds because that's what's keeping me alive and it's Doctor [PHI-Personal] being willing to at the drop of a hat call and say, hey, do this, you know, I'll write a new script. She was gonna write a new script for, you know, this and that. I'm like, no, we don't need scripts. We're good. Anyway, so that's where we're at. So we freaked out [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Which is kind of my mo in my life. Ok. And I, I thought I put on Facebook. Well, we got a new, because I thought she was the new one by what she said that she, well,
Nurse: She is, she is, she'll be going after this month. She'll be your, um, your nurse care manager after this.
Patient: Um, well, like I put on Facebook, I said, well, I freaked her out in the first day, you know, by three o'clock we, we already and I think she
Nurse: Was new overall to us. So she just probably is overwhelmed with everything because a lot gets thrown at us here very fast. Um, but I'll, I'll talk to her and just let her know, you know, we work closely with Doctor [PHI-Personal] getting everything done and well, she was like, oh,
Patient: Oh, well, if you work that closely with her, maybe you should call there. Which normally I do. I don't know why I decided to call you because, and we have different, you know. And, um, I, and so she, so I end up calling and then she called me back and she's like, I see where you, um, sent him a message. No, I called them. I talked, I can't talk to anybody, they won't answer, you know. And a few minutes later, doctor I was tutoring and I stopped ing because Doctor [PHI-Personal] was on the phone sure enough because of the messages she was getting, you know, it's like from her. So, anyway, I survived breathing much better. I just knew things weren't, something wasn't right. And I did the peak flow and I was like, hey, that explains that it isn't in my head, you know. Mhm. So, anyway, so I didn't mean to freak her out, but that's how my life goes. My life freaks people out and that even doctors because, and I think a lot of them don't even want to do anything because they're like, afraid to cause more harm and right, but you're not helping if you're not helping either, you know, where Doctor [PHI-Personal] will get in there with me and we work it out, you know. So,
Nurse: Yeah, I, like I said, I'll give [PHI-Personal] the mo just what's going on. So, going forward when she, you know, is, uh, taking care of you, she'll kinda know how our process works between, like I said, us and Doctor [PHI-Personal]. Um, because doctor really familiar with
Patient: Everything and doctor [PHI-Personal] credits me with figuring a lot of stuff out. So they go a lot by way, even at the hospital, she says we, we stopped going, at one point she goes, they make, they're just messing everything up and she goes, you figure it out anyway. Yeah. So, anyway, but we, I, you know, I just knew that we were headed to the hospital and she, that's what she kept telling me to go to the hospital and it was like, no, we don't go to the hospital right now. This is not the point to go to the hospital, by the way. Meanwhile, I was talking to Care Bridge, I got my mail because they put it in someone else's mailbox and I signed up for Care Bridge just as a back up. It's free with United Healthcare and it's um, it's a virtual thing for, instead of going to the er, and stuff which I physically but, but are you like an urgent care because urgent cares don't see me. And so anyway, I mean, I know we still have the general, you know, on, on call person but I just figured, you know, I, I go ahead and sign up for it as a backup. So I'm talking to her and I had to cut her off to talk to [PHI-Personal] the second time and then, and I'm laughing thinking you, this is really gonna work. Are you sure? But, but I just figured it was a backup. Might as well sign up for it. It's free. It's paid for, they send you, you can put it on your phone or they send you a tablet. I told her my phone is hogged up by enough memory for all my medical stuff. Send the tablet, you know. Yeah. So anyway, so that's, so I did, so I was planning up for that and meanwhile you sending me to the hospital, I'm trying to avoid the hospital lady.
Nurse: Right. Yeah, she's not familiar with that. Um, but like I said, I'm gonna just kind of give her the heads up. Um, just like I said,
Patient: Yeah,
Nurse: That's the newer version.
Patient: The version is a complicated and she does know what she's talking about. Right.
Nurse: Yeah. Ok. Awesome. If
Patient: I thought I needed to go to the hospital, I would already been going. Right.
Nurse: Exactly. Um, but yeah, I'll let her know everything that's going on. Um, I'm not sure if your calls are gonna come to me or her because I'm not sure why it came to me today or not. Her. I was off on [PHI-Personal] so that might have been why it went to her. I'm not sure. Um, but like I said, I'll be with her [PHI-Personal]. Oh, yeah, [PHI-Personal] was [PHI-Personal]. [PHI-Personal] was the,
Patient: And I was trying to give you a cryptic message. The gold, I picked up the gold. I said, tell me, let him here, you know, but I, and, and the furniture, the stuff is arrive the hero here, you know, I was trying to get me. She was just like, kind of like in, you know what the heck
Nurse: Is going on. Yeah,
Patient: Give her that message. She'll get it. She's been in the loop. She'll get it right. Ok. Anyway, I don't either, but yes, and I don't even know why I decided to go your route as opposed to just calling the doctor's office to start with. But
Nurse: Yeah, well, either way, you know, we'll get to Doctor [PHI-Personal]. It's either way I guess it all goes to the same person at the end of the day.
Patient: Well, I end up calling them myself as well.
Nurse: Yeah, that was probably a little bit quicker,
Patient: So. All right.
Nurse: Alrighty, I'll talk to you soon.
Patient: Ok. Bye.
