Nurse: Ok. So far you bear with me just one second while I'll get your chart pulled up here. Yeah. All right. I think I found you. Ok. We got date of birth of [PHI-Personal]. Is that correct? Correct? Good deal. Ok. Let's see. Um, I think actually. Oh, ok. [PHI-Personal] was doing phone calls. I was going, I don't remember calling you this morning. Somebody's helping me with my calls today. Ok. Is no, yeah, it's no problem. I'm actually your care manager. So, um, this works out just fine. Um, how are we doing at the moment? Any changes since we spoke last?
Patient: No, I have a doctor's appointment on the [PHI-Personal] of this month with [PHI-Personal]. So,
Nurse: Or September [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Let me pull that side of the chart up too real quick just to see if there's anything else I wanted to look at with you or that you need to, would like to discuss. So we got the [PHI-Personal]. I've got that. Ok, at 11 15. Ok. And we had a message to the doctor the last time. Let's see if that got addressed. You had a what? Oh, we, we put a message, uh, into the doctor last time we talked that was at the end of July, uh, about a month ago. So, um, about your scooter, right? You heard anything about that yet? Well, no, I, I have, we're gonna talk to them on the [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Reading down the rest of the note. Ok, sorry about that. Well, I do that then don't forget to talk to her about that on your appointment on the [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Oh definitely. Yeah, because I that's very important to me get that so I have all the information to give to my doctor so I will give her all that.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, perfect. Absolutely. Bring that with you and um turn that into her and then as soon as she's done with it then she'll get that back to you. Um well it's gonna
Patient: Go it's gonna go straight to them. Oh ok, I got
Nurse: You, I got you. Ok. Um it should get scanned into your chart though so that way there's some reference um of it so yeah, definitely and if I hear anything about it, you know, in the meantime, of course, you know, I'll let you know um how we ok and then how are we doing with um sorry all these things keep popping up on my screen that um yes,
Patient: So I'm doing good.
Nurse: All right. Um Any issues with your COPD or with your heart failure, you having any breathing difficulties, anything like that and you're on oxygen
Patient: At all. Always breathing difficulty. Definitely. So, but my, so I'm doing good on oxygen. I, you know, I go through care which I'm not very happy with. I'll tell you that right now. I'm getting ready to talk to my insurance about that because I keep getting billed different prices every month and, uh, there's something fishy going on and I have called them numerous times and nobody's really given me a straight answer. I've actually called them at least 10 times and nobody is really given me a straight answer. It's like why is, why is it fluctuate so much every month? Like, it just makes no sense to me. But anyway, that's probably delivering
Nurse: The same amount and, and you're getting different, uh, different bills.
Patient: I have a machine in my home that I have to be on and that's what I'm getting charged for and it's different prices every month and it should only be $15 a month. One minute is $50.01 minute is $30.01 minute, 28. It, it just fluctuates like that. Ok. So I'm very unhappy with them. So I'm gonna probably talk to my doctor about getting on a different, um, oxygen. Yeah, some different
Nurse: Kind of, to what's causing the fluctuation if it's because of cost. I asked them what they're doing and they can't, they can't tell you, ok, nobody's given me an
Patient: Answer. It's just making me very angry. That's very unhappy with them. That's why
Nurse: I'm saying that's gotta be frustrating.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. Very frustrating. Especially when they're on disability and they take it out automatically off my card and I, I'm not approving that, you know, I'm not approving them to take all these different mouths off, you know. So it ii, I was very angry last time I talked to him about a month ago. So
Nurse: I hate to hear that. Um So what is your oxygen level normally run at home when you check it? What kind of numbers do you typically get?
Patient: I, I go to three oh, I mean, that's
Nurse: Right. Ok. So you're on three liters but do, yeah, sorry what I was asking was your oxygen saturation. Do you have one of the little pulse oxes to put on your finger to check your oxygen level?
Patient: I do have one of those. Yeah, you
Nurse: Do? Ok. Um I was just thinking too, we actually have a remote patient monitoring program here now. Um, we just started recently. It's been fantastic. So we do have pulse ox. Um, the little devices that we can send to you that will transmit the data straight to us. Um, they're working on getting some little bugs worked out and that right now because sometimes they don't transmit, but that's gonna be resolved. I'm sure pretty soon. Um, so that way that would allow us to kind of watch your oxygen levels a little closer. Um, and then do you check your BP at home as well?
Patient: No, I really don't.
Nurse: Ok. Um, and do we have you on, uh, let me take a quick peek at your medicine list. Um, I was going to say I couldn't remember if we had you on something for BP or not, But all I'll see is I see a water pill, the torsemide. Do you take that just for fluid period or? Yeah, to help with BP? Ok. Just for fluid period. Ok.
Patient: I take that and then,
Nurse: Ok. So, um at your visit, maybe ask the doctor about the BP monitoring as well because we do, we do BP monitors, um scales and uh like for daily weights to check your weight every day. And then the pulse ox devices, all three of those you would qualify for the, the, the equipment doesn't cost you anything. Um It just the BP monitor and that comes with a little hub. The only thing different than doing with your own equipment is it has a little hub. You plug in the wall and as soon as you plug it in or if it stays plugged in, it just submits us the numbers right away. So with, with heart failure, I'm sure you're plenty familiar. But, you know, we have to watch your um, weights closely because if you start to build up fluid, then that's gonna show an, an increase in weight and that would help us to know. And then if you got a call on top of that, then we'll know to say, hey, you need to get checked out and maybe, you know, get them to sort that out. So, so it would be something that would help us monitor you closer. Um, if you're interested in doing that. So we can, let's see else. I don't know of any reason why we couldn't go ahead and get all that rolling. Um, because of
Patient: That's just a little, I don't know, that's a little, that's a little bit too much for me and I don't feel that I need that right at this time. I go to the doctor on a normal basis. I feel fine. You know, I really do if I'm, if I'm bad I'm gonna come in. So I, I just don't feel like I need all that stuff right now.
Nurse: That's fine. That's totally, is completely voluntary, of course. And, and just think on it too though because this is also intended to help between your office visits so that if something does start to happen, then we'll catch it quickly and hopefully keep you out of the hospital. Right.
Patient: Well, I do have one of those things to put on my finger, so I do that on a regular basis. So, um, yeah, as long the only time that it, anything acts up is when I push myself too much and I walk around too much or, or do too much heavy lifting or anything like that. So then I, I know I have to be careful so I have to sit down and just relax and I do, I do, I do my breathing treatments, um, regularly, like, every 3 to 4 hours. Ok. So that helps me a lot.
Nurse: So good good. Ok. Well good to hear all that but that's just something to think on then when you come to your visit, just let her know what you think because um I know doctor um [PHI-Personal] loves for us to do these these programs with our patients too so yeah just keep a close eye so it's just it there it's available just say that.
Patient: Ok. Yeah, thank you very much.
Nurse: No problem you have a good day. Thank feeling. Well thank you. Alright bye bye.
