Nurse: Good, good. So, um, how are, how was your pressure been doing? I know because you ran out of the Lisinopril earlier in the month and then we were able to get it and then you got the metoprolol like you doing? Ok.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah, my BP is good. Everything is good. Everything looked, looked good so far. Good. Good,
Nurse: Good. How often, um, are, are you it like pretty, pretty decently, like, pretty frequently?
Patient: Yeah, I uh, yeah, I been, I, uh, I've been checking it and, and, and it's, and it's doing good.
Nurse: Good, good. Ok. Um, like, I know how often you checking it, [PHI-Personal], like once a week or something?
Patient: Yeah, like once or twice a week. That's it.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. And it, it's being ok, like, um, I don't know, like, what, what do you got? Like 1 20 over
Patient: [PHI-Account]? Yeah, like, uh sometimes like 1 40/70 then sometimes it's like 1 30 something over 70 20/[PHI-Account] or something like that.
Nurse: Ok. So 1 20 to 1 40 over, like, 70 to [PHI-Account] is kind of where you've been. Ok. So they, you know, they're, they're, they're doing good, good, good. And you're, you're feeling ok, you're not getting any sort of weird, like headaches or anything like that.
Patient: No, no, no, no. I, you know, like, um, uh, I don't know, um, uh, a couple of weeks ago I, I felt kind of tired and I don't know if it's because I was getting up earlier. I, or, I don't know if I wasn't sleeping good at night. I know, like nighttime I don't really sleep good. But, uh, last week and this week I, I feel good. Good, good, good.
Nurse: Well, yeah, definitely. What I would do is if you're feeling tired, um, it wouldn't be a bad idea to check your BP because sometimes if your pressure is real, real low and at, um, you know, especially at night or something you could wake up feeling tired, uh, a little bit dizzy. Um, yeah. So, I mean, it wouldn't be a bad idea if you have your cuff there, just grab it just for, for, uh, for funds. I don't know. I don't know how fun that really would be. But, you
Patient: Know. No,
Nurse: But that's awesome. I'm glad you're doing ok. Um, but you, so, but you, you haven't had anything else, like, you haven't been feeling short of breath or dizzy or anything like that.
Patient: No.
Nurse: Awesome. Awesome. And you got your medicines and you're taking them and you don't have any need for refills or
Patient: Nothing. Well, I don't, I got to go pick one medicine up today. I got to see what that is and then I'll uh um take a survey of all, all the other medicine. Um, so when I go there today I know um, they send me a text that they got uh, no, it start with a fur or something like
Nurse: That. Oh, ferrous sulfate. Yeah. Doctor put the refill in for that about a week ago. That was your iron pill?
Patient: 00, that's ok. That's
Nurse: The iron pill. Yeah. Ferrous sulfate. Yeah. So you're good on that. So. All right. Well, that's good. Well, I'm glad you're doing good. I just wanted to touch base with you because I know like we've been going back and forth about the refills and I was like, I like, oh my goodness. I don't even think I talked to about, we've been so fixated on this, on the refill.
Patient: Good.
Nurse: Oh, well, thank you so much. Well, I hope you did. You have a good weekend. Good long weekend.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. You know, I, I used the uh cook on the grill but I didn't uh I didn't feel like it and I know the people wasn't gonna help me properly and I'm like, I ain't even doing, I ain't thinking about it so I just sit out just relax and play some pee nothing and that was it.
Nurse: Well I'm glad you needed a little bit of RNR. Well you you get some more RNR if you need anything [PHI-Personal] you know my number you give me a call otherwise I will just talk to you you know probably next month sometime. Ok.
Patient: Alright. Alright.
Nurse: Alright. Alright talk to you soon. Ok. Alright. Alright of course Bye bye.
