Nurse: Mm, let me look here. Can you verify her date of birth so I can get her chart open?
Patient: 8 14, 1945.
Nurse: I had just closed everything out. Hang on just a second. Yeah. Ok. So origin is supposed to come out and, and see you all tomorrow. Correct. Correct. Exactly. And let me just scroll down. Ok. Um, so basically what will happen is, uh, unfortunately I, I get, um, ha trying to get her to and from appointments and, and it wears her out and things like that. Um, I'm trying to think and she, she needs her mammogram. And what was the other test?
Patient: Um, they said they need to do like a, a, uh, a deep, a deeper, uh, scan on her stomach. Something about something on her left kidneys or something like that.
Nurse: Ok. Do you all have enough if you say her shortness of breath? Is it getting worse? Better? The same? It's getting worse. Have y'all followed up with, uh, pulmonology lately?
Patient: Yes, ma'am. I already took her to the disease and they told me, um, you know, to bring her back in three months and because she wasn't able to do that, the test that they needed, they say let's go back and let's, uh, uh, do it in three months and let's see. So we can see what we can do. To help, to help her. But as for now, they just told me that every time she move, that she need to be on oxygen. Every time that she move. How many times did she get up?
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]? She's on three. So, have, have they ever, um, like, discussed which I'll, I'll be the first to tell. I don't really, uh, I was kind of looking through and it looks like, have they actually diagnosed her with like interstitial lung disease or anything or? They're just not really sure.
Patient: That's what he told me that she had?
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: So they're trying to figure out what kind of treatment,
Nurse: Right. So, have they, have they mentioned like whenever she gets up and moving and moving around, maybe turning her oxygen up a little bit just to help, um, basically compensate for her up being up and moving or no?
Patient: Ok. You know, they
Nurse: Have, let me look at something real quick because that, hm. Yeah, I, uh, you know, I've only, um, I used to work bedside prior to doing this here and I had literally one patient in the amount that I was, uh, bedside that had interstitial lung disease and, you know, trying to get him up and move him around. It was very, very difficult because exactly was, yeah. Um, I wanna say, you know, of course we had to do wheelchair bound or bed bound for everything, which it was in a hospital setting. So it was much easier. But you may see if the next time that you're scheduled to go somewhere. Um, maybe, you know, because here, the thing is, is that the, the basically they term this, this grouping of interstitial lung disease, it's basically just you have your lungs and there's some form of scarring that is causing like an impaired gas exchange. So, uh, whatever the case may be. Um, so then of course, whenever, like your mom gets up and moves around her oxygen is gonna decrease because there's that, that fibrosis and, and it just gradually gets worse. Um I don't know that really, I, I wanna say the guy that I took care of before he was like on the transplant list for like a lung transplant, but that's been several years ago. So I don't know if there's some type of evolution but also um I don't, I don't know if you know this, but I work remotely. So I live in [PHI-Geographic]. So like our um hair here is not as advanced as what it is in [PHI-Geographic] and things like that. So I would just maybe talk to the pulmonologist and see if you can because here's the problem like patients that have COPD, if they get up to move around or whatever, you're not supposed to turn up their oxygen. So I don't know if it's the same theory with uh somebody that has interstitial lung disease if that would cause more of it because there's a, a gas exchange to make it. And so if you, if you increase the oxygen and your mom is not able to ventilate appropriately, then there's a small chance that she could retain like carbon dioxide and then that's gonna cause the problem. So I don't know if that's the same concept with that or if it would be ok whenever she gets up and like, say you're transferring to the wheelchair to go to an appointment le and crank her back down to three liters. And then when you get to the appointment, maybe crank her up a little bit, get her up on the table and then go back down. So she's not so short of breath and tiring herself out so easy. Um I would ask them and just see because again, I don't know a whole whole lot about, about interstitial lung disease and if it be so that way she's not, she's not wearing out trying to get from appointment to appointment, you know, because that's me but that, I mean, it's just kind of one of those, one of those things. But, um, and the other thing is that if y'all are gonna be with home health, um, if that ends up falling through, then call me and let me know we don't CCM doesn't typically contact patients that are on home health because it's considered a duplicate billing. And of course, home health can do more in person than what we can do so, but if it ends up falling through or if you don't hear from anybody, then give me a call and if I can't follow up with um origin and figure out what's going on. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Thank you so much.
Nurse: I appreciate it. Well, you're welcome. You have a good day and like I said, just call me if you need anything.
Patient: Ok, I will. Thank you. Uh huh
Nurse: Bye bye bye bye.
