Nurse: Well, you can complain to me if you like uh that's what I'm here for.
Patient: No, I'm alright. I just have to, I know I have an appointment to see [PHI-Personal] so it's just my hands are just hurting like heck, that's all.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: See what? And this just started so I never had this issue. Oh, really? No, I never had it like all my fingers on both hands, my hands and wrists. Uh yeah, they hurt uh you know, other otherwise otherwise I guess I'm ok. You know.
Nurse: Um, were you having any swelling or anything in the hands or the fingers?
Patient: No, my hands swell and then they go down to, you know, like I can't take my wedding ring off and then I could just sling it off, you know. Oh, so I'm all. But the pain is the next day. Oh,
Nurse: You still taking your methotrexate?
Patient: I take, taking everything. No, no changes, no changes, no changes. I take everything the way I'm supposed to.
Nurse: So, when you're not due to see her until [PHI-Personal], it looks like I
Patient: Know, I don't know what to say. Do you know? I did but she canceled on us because I was really doing in July. But I guess I'm not gonna be open on July in July or something. I don't know why. So I could wait. It's not like, uh, I really have to see a, see, you know what I'm saying? Well, I can always
Nurse: Send her a message and just let her know what's going on, you know, since it's a new issue with your hands.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. But, um, yeah, I mean, you could do that but, uh, you know, I, if I really need to see you, I, I'll, I'll call you to get me in there or call, you know, [PHI-Personal] and, you know, they'll get me in.
Nurse: Yeah, definitely. We could always get you in sooner if needed. I was gonna say sometimes with the, when people have pain or swelling, they might try him on a, a little bit, uh, a small dose of steroids but with you being a diabetic and everything that makes it a little difficult. PredniSONE can make your blood sugar go a little haywire.
Patient: I know I do that. With the foot doctor because I have issues with my ankles. I get, like, they're in pain right now and she gives me the steroid. Yeah. And then, then that night and the next day I have, uh, a little bit of an issue. Yeah. But I can't, you know, I'll just maybe take a Tylenol or something that might, uh, just take the edge off, you know. Yeah.
Nurse: That's what I would try, try taking some Tylenol. Um, even like running your hands under warm water can help, you know, decrease the inflammation and everything that you may be having and plus make it feel better. Mhm. Warm water helping us. Well, the, it's something with the blood vessels where the cold water may cause your vessels to, to constrict and then the warm wet weather, I mean, the warm water would cause the vessels to dilate, which would decrease the inflammation.
Patient: That makes sense because actually sometimes I do ice cold water on my wrists where it pumps through and that, that seems to help. So it does. Yeah. So I, I'm gonna try that way the other way though. Walmart.
Nurse: Yeah, try that and see how it goes. Uh huh. And then, um, if you have any type of, maybe topical ointments like, uh, Voltaren gel or, you know, the sports cream, maybe you could try to rubbing that on your hands or your wrist also. Yeah. I,
Patient: I tried Voltaren that, that does not work. It doesn't, no, that don't work. That, that's, that's nothing.
Nurse: Just a, so I find the over the counter gels or creams work better than the Voltaren does for some reason. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah. What one would do you recommend?
Nurse: I don't know if you ever heard of, um, Tiger [PHI-Personal]? Yeah. Tiger [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. Have you ever used that?
Patient: Yeah, I tried that too. I've tried them more, I think. Family,
Nurse: That one it comes now there's two of them. I don't know which one you use but I'll find the the red one there's one that the the cream is, the ointment is actually red has a reddish tint to it. I find that one works better. Yeah, so if you haven't tried that one, it might be worth a try. It's just really really strong and it kind of stays on your fingers so you have to be careful if you rub your eyes or your face but it normally you know it provides some temporary relief sometimes.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. All right. Sounds like a plan. Alright. If I have anything to say I'll give you a call
Nurse: And uh sounds good and I like I said I'll let [PHI-Personal] know what's going on and if she happens to have any other recommendations for you ahead of time, I can give you a call back maybe next week or something. Alright. Ok. Alright you take care. You too. Bye
Patient: Bye bye bye.
