Nurse: I'm always ready for the day.
Patient: Yeah, we can do the, any we can do.
Nurse: Right. That's absolutely right. I was just calling to check in on your BP and that new medication. Ok.
Patient: I, I like it. I like it so far, you know, uh, and, and, and like I say, you know, that the, the, the, the, the, on it. But, uh, yeah, so far I'm liking it, you know, the Jardiance and the other new and the medication I take the medication, the, uh, I take the blood, the, the BP medicine one time, uh, uh, the day. And then I do also. I do the, uh, Jordan and one time a day also. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But they, they, I, I'm liking them. I'm like it better than stick with the, uh, with the, uh, with, with the needle that I had before for the BP, I think for the diabetes medicine. I just, I, I don't like speaking stuff but that, that, you know.
Nurse: Yeah, that's never fun.
Patient: No, it's no, never fun. And it, and it, two times expensive.
Nurse: That is also probably quite factual. It's definitely expensive. Yeah. So, you're still checking your BP readings at home? Yeah. You
Patient: Know what? Yes, I did. I check it, uh, when it was me and my daughter checked it. I take it regular. Yes. Yes, they did before yesterday. You know, my daughter pharmacist and she checked it for me because that's what she did she had yeah she has another hospital something I don't know what it is but anyway she checks it for me and a matter of fact when I get where I'm going I'm gonna let her check it again. I'm gonna go by her plate and uh and let her check it but uh yeah she checked it the other day and and it was it wasn't it wasn't bad as it was the other day I'm gonna tell you what it was it was uh it was uh 49 I think was 49/70 or something like that I remember the 1st 1. 49. 1 yeah
Nurse: [PHI-Account]. Yeah. Ok [PHI-Account]/70. Ok
Patient: Yeah I'm
Nurse: Alright. Are you keeping them written
Patient: Down? Yeah I got a list. Ok
Nurse: Excellent excellent because he definitely wants to see you
Patient: Up and down. Yeah. Ok. Yeah.
Nurse: All right that's good so I'll probably send you out um. Some stuff in the mail, just some kind of extra stuff about, um, high BP and other ways to help keep it reduced. Ok.
Patient: Ok. I appreciate it. I read it. Yeah.
Nurse: Absolutely. But
Patient: Definitely, um,
Nurse: Yeah, definitely keep, keep track of those readings. And,
Patient: Uh, I, I will, I will. No problem. Like I said, once I get to the, to doing what I'm doing, I'm gonna go by her place and, and let her do it and I feel very, very comfortable with her doing it because you know, she had the
Nurse: Right, you know, she knows what she's doing.
Patient: Exactly. I know, you know what she's doing.
Nurse: Yeah, that, that's always comforting.
Patient: Absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah. You know, if you go, if you gonna fix something you gotta have the right tools. Makes it very, very easy to get to it when you got the right tools you're working with the right tools. Yes, ma'am.
Nurse: Absolutely. Alright. Well, watch for the
Patient: Weekend.
Nurse: Uh actually I think uh I'm gonna go take a drive down the Key West.
Patient: Hello? You
Nurse: Now what
Patient: When you, when you leaving, going down to that? I,
Nurse: No, it probably just Saturday. We just, we'll just go for the night
Patient: And, oh, y'all just gonna go down there. Well, you'all like to drive.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, we like [PHI-Geographic] but we're, I'm actually in [PHI-Geographic] so it's not super far. Oh,
Patient: Ok. So you're in the bottom now you talking to me? You're in [PHI-Geographic] now,
Nurse: I'm, I'm in [PHI-Geographic]. Coming to you live.
Patient: Yeah, we used to call it the bottom. I was born down there.
Nurse: Where are you?
Patient: Yeah. [PHI-Geographic]. Ok.
Nurse: All right. Yeah, I know where
Patient: That is. Got two. I've got two spring car plane freight. Lord of car, uh, car full of cousins and uncles and first cousin and second cousins and all of, from the king being all the way up to kingdom. Oh, everywhere down in [PHI-Geographic]. Yes, Lord.
Nurse: Well, that's a small world,
Patient: Isn't it? Very small world. Mhm.
Nurse: Yes. It's different. It's different from any other place I've ever lived
Patient: All the way up to here. It's a culture shop. Yeah. You know, I mean, it's not that it's not that far. Don't get me wrong. But for all the people that live with shelter live, it's a culture shop.
Nurse: Oh, yeah. Yeah. If you
Patient: Live culture shop, if you live with she live, you come from uh from [PHI-Geographic] up to, to it is a real culture shop because for all and purposes when you look at the way that the, the, the, the, the origin of [PHI-Geographic] is made up, Tampa is made up of the same type of people. It almost as many a [PHI-Personal], [PHI-Geographic] and Latinos, [PHI-Geographic], uh blacks, whites uh uh here in Ta but like they are in [PHI-Geographic].
Nurse: Yeah, there's definitely a me.
Patient: Yeah, it's a, it's a big contingency uh especially uh [PHI-Personal] and Colombians here in, uh, Latinos. In Tampa. A big,
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. Yes, definitely a lot. I'm, I, I get a language barrier a lot. Well, I know, I don't understand anybody else and they probably don't understand me.
Patient: Yeah, I know. I know. You know, and then, you know, stuff like that.
Nurse: Well, I know some colors and some numbers and that's it. We're not counting if you're not asking me what combo meal you should get. I don't know.
Patient: Yeah. There you go. Yeah, I know. This is all Russian to me.
Nurse: Yeah. I, I know it is. I wish I knew it. I really do. I
Patient: Wish I could. I, I took it in school for a half and two and I got frustrated with it, frustrated with it because the guy that you, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, tell you how you have to flip your tongue to say this and say that. And, uh, once I got old I told him if I'm flipping my tongue like that, then I'm sweating, I'm gonna leave that alone now, don't you?
Nurse: I didn't, I believe that one be, well, I believe that would be. I, I didn't take it in high school. All my kids did and they did, they don't know what's happening either.
Patient: And then, well, you know what, my old, my young daughter took it. She was taking it a little bit. The one that's the pharmacist. Yeah. But she didn't, she didn't go to the, uh, uh, uh, to the, uh, I guess what the immediate course is for she, yeah, whatever they were giving her. And
Nurse: She see that's them, like they know a few words but they're just not a conversational enough that they can understand what's being spoken to.
Patient: They have, they have a meaningful conversation.
Nurse: Yeah. We, we can't even have an essential conversation. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah. Well, you like me. I call them a casual conversation. Yeah. They used to make me so mad. I wish they would have spoke Spanish because I was thinking about killing them one time and the way they act, you know, Children and everything when they teenagers, all
Nurse: They think they do.
Patient: Yes, they do. And don't know. N
Nurse: Not a thing. Just they, they just straight stupid. That's what I,
Patient: Or something wrong with them.
Nurse: Yeah. That's, that's exactly what I tell them. I'm like, that's all right. You, one day you won't be stupid. But today is not today. Yeah, exactly.
Patient: And then I tell them about, you know what I tell them. I used to tell them what my grandmama used to tell my cousins that were a little bit older than me. And I, and, and, and my age we got to be [PHI-Personal], 14 years old. We tell our grandmama, grandmama. No, they don't do that no more. They didn't go like that and that, that thing, they ain't how to do that and that do that. And uh, let say, uh, uh, uh, uh, a grandmama pull you to the side and tell you this. You say, let me tell you how I know this will work because I'm [PHI-Personal] and y'all [PHI-Personal], I been [PHI-Personal] but y'all ain't never been [PHI-Personal] right? So that you got,
Nurse: That's absolutely right. That's all right. I can, I can see there. They headed towards intelligence mine anyway, I, I, they headed in the right direction so they, they headed there. What? I hit it real slow but she gonna make it.
Patient: Yeah. Well, my oldest one was headed that way. She turned off on a bad road or something. I mean, she doing all right and, and everything good but she ain't nothing like that youngest girl. Yeah, she, and she had, she had, uh, more of an opportunity than the youngest girl. Yeah, by herself for nine years.
Nurse: Yeah. Well, sometimes I, uh, sometimes that might get you. I think, I know, I know you gotta have something you gotta scrape and scratch and work for.
Patient: Absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah. And some people and some people don't, don't pick up the baton until they get to be old and worn down and be behind and, and going through a lot of changes and so forth changes that they normally would have to go through if they would have took the ball and ran with it or took the baton and picked it up and just ran with it, they know all the answer before they get a question. Yeah,
Nurse: That's all right. Ain't, ain't, ain't no kind of lesson like a life lesson that they get.
Patient: It, isn't it? It, but it, there isn't it? Yeah,
Nurse: That's right. It turns it, it sets people just where they need to be. So, it's all right
Patient: And, and this is the time when you think about it, right?
Nurse: You just took the long way around,
Patient: You know what? You took a [PHI-Geographic] home,
Nurse: Huh? Yeah. Yeah that was
Patient: It a [PHI-Geographic] home? Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. All right. Well, I will let you get on about your day but uh listen I'll touch base with you next week. Ok,
Patient: Let's do that, let's do that and we got next week we got
Nurse: There you
Patient: Go and you have a good weekend. Enjoy yourself. Alright, thanks, you too.
Nurse: Alright, I sure will.
Patient: Ok, bye bye bye.
