Nurse: Oh, boy, what's
Patient: Going on? Well, I went today and they took that thing out of my butt and they're gonna schedule the surgery. Ok. I thought,
Nurse: Oh, sorry, I thought I was thinking they were doing that last Friday. They did that just today.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, they put it in last Friday. That was the, the one that's a temporary one outside. They just do it for a trial and then now they scheduled the surgery but now I have to get in touch with doctor and she's got clear me for the surgery.
Nurse: Uh, ok. Got you. Hang on one second if you don't mind. I was just finishing up this last one. This other one here real quick. Give me, like, two seconds. I'm sorry? Ok. I didn't wanna miss your call though because after,
Patient: Um, I, I,
Nurse: I've been out
Patient: For a while. I know, I, I, what do you call it? I running all day and then on my way to the doctors I got really bad news. One of my good friend's husband, um, died, he fell down the basement steps and, oh, Jesus [PHI-Personal], like what the freaking, anything more happened? That's awful. Yeah.
Nurse: The sudden things I think are harder sometimes than somebody that's sick forever.
Patient: You know what I mean? I know. It's like, I mean, come on, I can't get any more freaking bad news. This is just enough, is enough of this shit. It needs to stop.
Nurse: Right. I've been saying that for like, 2.5 years.
Patient: Yeah. Tell me about it and it don't stop. It seems like it gets worse. I'm like, I can't get any worse. What does?
Nurse: Yeah, I'm telling crazy. All right. So let me, ok, thank you for bearing with me there for a
Patient: Moment. You
Nurse: See? Ok. And then you saw her. Yes, you did your telehealth visit yesterday right at the earlier I did.
Patient: I did. Yeah. And she did agree that I needed to be on something stronger. And yes,
Nurse: Ma'am. Did, were you able to get it filled already? Do you have
Patient: It? I got, I don't understand. Wait a minute. I been going to the house and sitting outside because she, but my dogs that they're being bad. That's ok. Yeah.
Nurse: Uh, I wish I think you had before because I was looking through all the medicine she wrote you and I, I was looking back, I saw you had, I think you'd had all of them at some time before. Well, most of them recently, but
Patient: I have questions
Nurse: On the Alprazolam at all.
Patient: Wait a minute, let me see. Hold on, let me turn the TV down. Ok. This one is um [PHI-Personal],
Nurse: Let me get her
Patient: Our link
Nurse: Azo.
Patient: Yes. Now what is that? That is
Nurse: The, I want to see if it's for memory but I'm gonna double check
Patient: Which is, I don't wanna read my book.
Nurse: Yeah.
Patient: Hm.
Nurse: Ok. That's what I was looking for.
Patient: I think she added that along with my depressant.
Nurse: Ok, because she had that, she wrote Synthroid um Coreg which I saw you had had as in the past as the Losartan uh atorvastatin and Gan you had Phenergan before it looked like
Patient: Too. Yeah, they, they're getting hand. That's the only one. The, I got the sin, the thyroid uh Avastatin. And then this other one, this uh new one that said the Z or whatever it is. Uh Yeah. And I don't know because I was on a minute. This is it.
Nurse: Oh,
Patient: I thought they actually you're looking for it. You can't find the damn thing.
Nurse: Yeah. They uh you said actually for mood disorders too, I didn't realize that. Ok. Ok,
Patient: Because she had me on, we're, we're [PHI-Personal] LORazepam. It's a l I can't see. They got a Circle Raz.
Nurse: Yeah. Alprazolam. That's Xanax. That is an anti anxiety. Yeah. So, and you had, you, you had that one before, hadn't you or not?
Patient: Yes. Yes. I'm on that one. You told me to take two of them. Yeah. But they didn't give me, keep, keep in mind is the
Nurse: Benzodiazepine. So, um, don't drive with it in your system and stuff like that. And they, uh, it's one of the things that would show up on a drug screen, in other words, but don't, um, just keep in mind that it can make you drowsy, sleepy, groggy, slow your reflexes, that kind of thing. So, just don't drive
Patient: Anything. Maybe I sleep. Ok. That, yeah, the other, the only thing is the, um, the, um, nausea one, they were out of it. They got to order it. But I think I got enough. I got, I think [PHI-Personal] of them right hand. So they said they, they might come in tomorrow. Ok. Call me.
Nurse: I've got your, um, I got some information pulled up on the Abilify the Azo. That's the one that she wrote, uh, with and then she's got a referral in for psychiatry for you. So, um, the warnings on this are the things just to be aware of, um, is to avoid doing things that require you to be mentally alert or coordinated until you know how this affects you because it can make you a little, um, for your reflexes and stuff like that, too impair, kinda, uh, impairs you a bit. It might, um, it's just something common where it can make you kind of groggy and stuff like that. So, just be careful with your activities until you know how it affects you.
Patient: I don't go anywhere.
Nurse: Yeah, I hear you. Um, but don't it says to avoid getting dehydrated or overeating cause your body temperature regulation may be impaired. I didn't know about that one either. Oh, Jesus, stay hydrated and well [PHI-Personal] but not overfed, well
Patient: [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: You're just well fit.
Patient: Yeah.
Nurse: Let's see if you have any kind of symptoms of like any, like, jerking or tremors or anything, let us know. Um, it's just something that can happen. Some people get it. Some people don't just, if you do let us know that we may have, she may have to either adjust it or, uh, do something different. Um, and then just because it is something that's for mood disorders and stuff like that, just like with any of them, make sure you kinda be more cognizant of your feelings as far as, uh, worsening depression or, you know, change your behavior or anything like that and you don't feel like hurting yourself or hurting anybody else, don't tell us.
Patient: I feel like hurting my boyfriend all the time. But, yeah, how that goes, you know?
Nurse: Oh, goodness. So, you know, you may feel some little changes in that and just keep in mind you're starting new medicine, your body's gotta adjust. So, just kinda give
Patient: Some time for that, that's all. And then, um, things with it, she said she'll get me a list of, um, what's that? Psychologist or psychiatrist?
Nurse: Psychiatrist? So, psychologist, um, the difference, the biggest difference is that psychiatrist can write medications.
Patient: So that's the one they want me to see.
Nurse: And typically, because there's so many is in such demand right now and I'll tell you, I've got some other patients that are waiting, that they're on waiting list or their first appointments are like a month or two or three out. Unfortunately, he's in very high demand.
Patient: Yeah, I can't imagine
Nurse: Why. I know. Right. But, um, a lot of, a lot of psychiatrists will see, a lot of patients are seeing like psychologists for the diagnosis and for the counseling treatment, that sort of stuff. But psychiatry at the same time to actually write the medications. So, um, she's, I think trying to get you straight to psychiatry.
Patient: So, yeah, I have the counselor. So.
Nurse: Ok. Ok, I got you. So then you may, then you don't need another, another one. So, yeah, that'll be good.
Patient: Yeah, he's just said that, that the, but the, his team, they don't write prescriptions. So he said go through your primary care, which I did get medication from her until you can get in to see somebody. But he goes, don't wait. I'm like, ok, so that's what we talked about and that's why she gave me what you gave me. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. Good. Good. Well, take that, take that advice and we, yeah, let's do. That. Sounds like a good plan. Yeah. Good plan.
Patient: Ok, good. Ok. Um, keep doing your BP
Nurse: Daily just so we can keep an eye on that when you change medication, sometimes that can affect those things. And as you, as these medicines, if they start to work for you, well, that can also bring your BP down because you just are more calm stress. Yeah. Can be part, it's probably a big part of what's putting you through the roof with your
Patient: Pressures. Oh, I know it
Nurse: Is. Yeah. So um yeah, keep, keep checking that every day and we'll, you know, you still have our, our nurses here that monitor that and I get flagged at times with it too. So I
Patient: Can't remember if I did it this morning because I, I had to get up and I had to leave right away to go get that done. I'm like, shit. Did I do it? Did I not do it? I couldn't remember. I'm like, oh, well, I'll do it tonight. You did it.
Nurse: You did everything but the oxygen we get the
Patient: Level. But I know I had to forget something.
Nurse: That's ok. That's ok. You're breathing. I think you're breathing. You're talking to me.
Patient: So we're, we're, I'm alive, I'm breathing and you
Nurse: Seem coherent and you're, you're answering appropriately. Yeah, probably good. You can check it out anyways if you want to. But
Patient: Yeah, I know for this purposes I
Nurse: I'm thinking, I think we're good.
Patient: Yeah. So, ok, so I'll start this and, and then you're gonna put in that note that she's got clear me for this surgery. Right. Right.
Nurse: So, let me see where we have. I was thinking we had something scheduled with her already, but maybe not.
Patient: No, I think we did too.
Nurse: I thought we had one but it might have been from before and I got can, I don't know, there's a lot with that but I don't see anything.
Patient: I think they said [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: [PHI-Personal] is when you're having the,
Patient: No, it's when I gotta go see her in [PHI-Personal] they gave me appointment for [PHI-Personal]. Wait a minute. Yeah, I, you know, I had all these papers in front of me and somebody moved them, uh, when, when the hell I'm supposed to go. Yeah. So I probably gotta see her sooner. Well, I told them to wait until after the holidays. So I, I don't know. I think it's like the, it, oh, for
Nurse: [PHI-Personal] 19th, I have you scheduled to, to see her again? But when is
Patient: Your, I don't know, they're gonna, they're gonna call me. So, if it's, if it's sooner before that I'll just call and tell you and then, you know, and the two something. Yeah.
Nurse: Move it up.
Patient: There we go. Ok. So I'm not gonna start, I'm not gonna start this medicine until tomorrow. Ok. So that way I'm certain know what the hell I'm doing here
Nurse: And that way too. You kind of see if it's gonna make you feel any kind of weird or anything
Patient: Right during the day. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. I don't want anything new like that going to bed anyways personally. Yeah. I think you got the right idea on that one. All right, my dear. I think we got a plan. So, if that's good,
Patient: Let me
Nurse: Know. And, um, if you have any other questions on your medicines, uh if you can't, if you can't get me because I'm I'm off tomorrow because Wednesday is my normal day off but there will be people here, there are some people here available, you know, 8 30 to 6 so you can call us or call the pharmacist um if you have questions the medicine anymore.
Patient: Ok or you have a good Thanksgiving.
Nurse: All right. Well thank you. You guys be safe. Enjoy your time.
Patient: Yeah, you too. I hope so. It's like this I don't like this feeling I just don't like this feeling, feeling out of control. It's just I don't like it. No
Nurse: Of course not. Yeah you know and if not we'll keep working on it and find something that works
Patient: For you. Yeah. All right. Ok, thank you so much. Ok, you too. Alright bye bye.
