Nurse: Perfect.
Patient: Ok. And why I have you, [PHI-Personal]? Are you at work?
Nurse: No, I am today's my day
Patient: Off. Oh good. So why don't we, you wanna go ahead and knock [PHI-Personal] call out for the month too since we're talking. Yes,
Nurse: We can. Perfect.
Patient: Perfect. How is [PHI-Personal] doing?
Nurse: Well, I get, like, always he sleeps a lot.
Patient: Oh, bless his heart. Is he doing ok though?
Nurse: Yeah. He really don't have any issues except for that. He'd be in bed 24 7. Do you make him get up? Oh, well, when I'm at work my husband makes him get up. Yeah. And that's, and sometimes he'll make him stay awake and that stuff. But, you know, he accidentally falls asleep and then I'll talk to him and tell him, you know, you need to stay awake. You know, next thing you're gonna, you're gonna die being in bed all the time and, and stuff like that and then, and maybe the next day, then he'll let him sleep
Patient: To let him sleep. Yeah. Yeah. Well, and I think, you know, I think [PHI-Personal] and you, you'll probably agree with me on this. You know, I think it's important for [PHI-Personal] to have like, some type of hobby for him to do. You know, whether it be listening to music or, you know, um, watching a television show or even just getting, being with
Nurse: Somebody, he still falls asleep, he still falls asleep. Yeah. When we have com, this is why I wanna ask, uh, doctor when we have company in that stuff, if he's tired, he'll help to sleep when we're sitting out on the porch. You know, we're outside, you know, and stuff like that. It just depends, you know, I don't know what it is or what the issue is or is his, does he need to be that, uh, his pills readjusted or what, or? Because, you know, I don't know. Yeah, I'm looking busy.
Patient: Yeah, I'm looking to see he takes the, he takes the clonazePAM, what, twice daily. Yes. Um, because it could be, I mean, the, the clonazePAM can make him drowsy. Um, you know, the, the side effects to the clonazePAM is drowsiness, dizziness, um, you know, problems with coordination, you know, problems with remembering things. So it could be the clonazePAM that's making him tired. When does he take the sertraline,
Nurse: Um, that he takes, um, he takes a half of one in the morning and a half of one at night
Patient: Because the sertraline, that one shouldn't be making him sleepy. The sertraline shouldn't, the, then he takes the risperdone, I would think the, when does he take his Risperdone? One
Nurse: In the morning and one at
Patient: Night and one at night? Um, let me see something. I bet it's that, um, I bet it's the clonazePAM that's making him sleepy.
Nurse: Well, it wasn't like that before, you know, now, whether or not it, since he's older, you know, and, and stuff like that, I thought maybe being older the age and that stuff, why his medicine might have an effect on him, you know? And it could, I don't know.
Patient: Yeah. When he goes in to see, um, Doctor [PHI-Personal] in [PHI-Personal]. I would kind of mention that to him. I mean, you know, let's be real, the older we get, you know, we do tend to get a little more tired, you know. Right. Um, and that could be, and it also could be, I mean, have you seen an increase in his depression and his anxiety at all? No. Ok, because, you know, when, when we talk about depression and anxiety, you know, some of the signs and symptoms, you know, is feeling, you know, um being tired and sleeping more frequently and having more aches and pains and um, you know, loss of interest or pleasure in doing things. But if you haven't seen an increase in that, then it's highly unlikely that that's what's causing it. Um, it could very well just be something as simple as, you know, he is a little bit older, you know, the clonazePAM might be affecting him differently. So I would definitely, if it continues to increase [PHI-Personal] by, you know, by all means, give me a call. Um, you know, if, if it stays around the same, you know, and it's not, you know, it's, it's not causing any issues, then, you know, I would talk to him about it when you guys see him in [PHI-Personal]. Um, have you been checking his BP at home?
Nurse: Well, our, our thing that we have, right. So, because my husband checks his every day, every morning on that stuff. And the wrist thing that we have doesn't work. Right. Yeah. I mean, it doesn't, I don't know, we tried it with him and it just don't seem to, I don't know, go on his wrist. Right. Or what? I don't know. And I don't know how to use the other ones.
Patient: Ok. Ok. All right. Um, has he had any issues with his acid reflux recently? No. Good. Good, good, good. That's a positive thing. So, no increased, like, um, nighttime or daytime heartburn or sore throat or a dry cough or he hasn't been complaining with anything, like, stuck in his throat. Good. That is always a good thing. Well, it sounds like though for the most part besides him sleeping a lot that he is doing well right now, is he, when he does sleep, [PHI-Personal]? Is he sleeping? Well?
Nurse: Well, no, not really. He, he dr, he talks in his sleep all the time and he snores and, and that, you know, so, I don't know, you know, if that has anything to do with it and then, and then at night time he gets up a lot and goes to the bathroom to pee. I know. So we watch his, we also watch his intake of what he drinks also because otherwise he, he drinks, he would drink, uh, like a half a case. If we left him, he, he'd be drinking water like, every hour.
Patient: So, you that, that makes sense. So, you know, if he is, that's good that you guys are watching the intake because that, you know, him waking up a lot at night to use the bathroom. And if he is snoring and not getting a solid night's, you know, sleep, then that would explain why he is sleeping a lot during the day. You know what I mean?
Nurse: Yeah, like right now
Patient: He's snoring, he's in bed right now. Yeah, and
Nurse: He's even snoring now.
Patient: Well, and that's another, um, have you brought that up to doctor [PHI-Personal] before that he snores really bad at night? No, definitely bring that up because, you know, that might be something that needs to be evaluated and, you know, ok, this
Nurse: Guy said that he said the last time when we were there that the next time we come back something about, uh, doing the sleep apnea.
Patient: Yes, that's where I was going with that [PHI-Personal]. Um, yes, and I'm looking at this last appointment, um, since you just mentioned that because that could very well be the cause of everything. Um, uh, you know what I would start doing, I would start kind of keeping like maybe a little diary. Um, [PHI-Personal], um, and kind of keeping track of how much he is sleeping at night. You know, I'm not saying you have to do it every single day, but kind of keep a sleep diary. So that way you can let doctor, um, RTI know, hey, you know, this is on average, this is what he's sleeping, you know, in, in a week. You know, he's, he's sleeping a lot during the day. He's not sleeping a lot at night. You know, he's snoring really bad. Um, I would start doing that [PHI-Personal] that way. You don't have to remember it. Um, and it's a useful way of making sure you have the right facts about the sleep for [PHI-Personal]. You know what I mean? Um And it makes it possible for you to calculate the total hours that he's getting. Um, and that way you can process that with doctor the right way. I'm glad you mentioned that because I guarantee you that has a lot to do with why he is so tired because he's not getting the correct amount of sleep that he needs at night. Right. Yep. Yep. So definitely do that. And like I said, if it gets worse, um, give me a call, but, you know, when we, there's a term called sleep hygiene to um, [PHI-Personal] and, you know, sleep hygiene is a term used to describe good sleep habits. Well, when you talk about bad sleep, sleep hygiene, you know, the signs are you take, you know, more than 30 minutes to fall asleep at night. Does it take him more than 30 minutes to fall asleep at night? No. Ok. Does he, he regularly, he regularly wakes up more than once per night? Right. Yes. Does he, and you might not know the answer to this question, but does he wake up and lie awake for more than 20 minutes?
Nurse: Well, that I do not know.
Patient: Ok. Um, this one you've already kind of answered this. He feels tired during the day a lot. Yes. Yep. Um, so, yeah, I, I have a, I have a feeling that, you know, getting a sleep study to see if he has sleep apnea. I think doctor is onto something there. So start doing that sleep diary. I think that's a great place to start for sure. Ok. And then you know, like I said, you know, kind of watch for those signs and symptoms of the increased depression, you know, you know, if he gets more irritable, if he, you know, you see an increase in, you know, um loss of interest in things if he's, you know, complaining with more aches or pains um you know, difficulty sleeping um oversleeping but like I said, I think the oversleeping has more to do with not sleeping good at night is what I really. Yeah. Um think that has more to do with um but what I'll do is I'll get the clonazePAM sent in. Do you have any more questions for me today? No, perfect. Well good we knocked this call out for this month and you call me if you need anything, my friend. Ok.
Nurse: Ok. Will do.
Patient: Alright, [PHI-Personal] have a good afternoon and a great weekend and
Nurse: You too. Thanks. Alright, bye bye bye.
