Nurse: Oh, ok. I apologize. I hadn't heard the updated.
Patient: That's ok. So our signal just got crossed. Ok. Yeah, that's fine.
Nurse: That's, I was trying to wait until you saw her. But if you're on the phone now, we can go over your meds now. So give me one second. And, well,
Patient: Because I, I have, I'm getting labs drawn tomorrow and I had a question about my labs and I just didn't know where to direct the questions.
Nurse: That's fine. Ok. Ask me your question about the labs first. Is it about the lab order?
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. I wanted to know if she has thyroid, uh, thyroid check on it
Nurse: And let me see. Give me one second. Hold on. I know she's got lipid on it but I'm not.
Patient: Yeah, we want the cholesterol. Yeah. So, I got one.
Nurse: You want thyroid checked on it? Yeah.
Patient: It's been a while since I've had that checked. And
Nurse: Do you have you? And it was the last time you had those done?
Patient: Yeah. Quite a while, I think. And it's, it's been low, few years ago. I just thought it was probably, and my sister has a history of thyroid disease. So I thought I better check that.
Nurse: I don't, yeah. Especially where it runs in families. Yeah, you're right. It hasn't been since last year. The last one I'm seeing, I think was like [PHI-Personal], like, almost a year ago.
Patient: Yeah. And I don't wanna get jagged again because we forgot it. Oh,
Nurse: No, no. Nobody wants to get [PHI-Personal] more than once. Ok. I will talk to her and see if we can get that added. I don't think it should be a problem. Especially where they haven't been drawn yet. Ok. Um, and that's way easier than getting job twice. All right. Hold on. Let's do your medications real quick. Do you, um, wanna list them off to me and we can confirm it or do you want me to read them off to you? Which is easier.
Patient: Um, probably you can read them off to me. I mean, I prefer. Yeah. Ok. Yeah. And I'll just confirm them.
Nurse: Ok, you take the red yeast rice, the 600 mg, two of them a day. Yeah. OK. And the looks like the meclizine you would need for but you haven't taken that in a while. No,
Patient: As, as needed. So I just uh just
Nurse: On but it's still one you take sometimes and the Xanax as
Patient: Well. Yeah, I never take the Xanax. I mean it's on the list but
Nurse: I was gonna say, yeah, that was years ago. That's an as needed one too. But we'll leave it there just in case.
Patient: Um, if you have a really bad meniere's episode, they say to add Xanax. But I, I just stay away from it.
Nurse: That's understandable. Some people it makes them so drowsy. They just, yeah,
Patient: It's in my arsenal but I hate to take any of it to tell the truth that has with me. I won't take anything she wants me to
Nurse: Take. Yeah. But you know what, then when you do actually need them, they're more effective.
Patient: Well, my mother is [PHI-Personal] years old. It because she has said no to almost every drug.
Nurse: Yeah. Well, yours are all, you know, except for those as needed ones. Um, over the counter vitamins. Like you've got vitamin D 1000 units you take, right? Vitamin C 1000 units.
Patient: I haven't been taking that, but you can leave it on
Nurse: There. It, ok, then you've got the Omega three.
Patient: Yes. Take the Omega three.
Nurse: Calcium gluconate.
Patient: Uh, yeah,
Nurse: A multivitamin. Yeah. The lipo flavonoid?
Patient: Mm. No, I haven't been taking them.
Nurse: Ok. And do you wanna leave it on or you take it off if you won't take them again? Ok. And then the [PHI-Personal]
Patient: And I, yeah, I can take that off. I
Nurse: Didn't see. Take the [PHI-Personal] off. Yeah. Ok. And are there any others you're taking?
Patient: Let's see. Uh, no, I think, well, what, what's the, what was the, the glu, the
Nurse: Calcium gluconate?
Patient: Calcium gluconate? I'm not sure. See, I, what I'm taking now is a calcium magnesium potassium blend and gluco chondroitin. So, but I mean, but that kind of go goes under multivitamin. That's what,
Nurse: Yeah, between that and the calcium gluconate, I think it, I just pretty well got them. Do you use a pill planner for them or do you just take them from the bottles where they're just multivitamins?
Patient: I, I have a, I, I do a little container that I have my stuff in for daily.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: D ok. Yeah, you do. We have the D on there? Yeah, I do.
Nurse: Yeah, we have the D on there. Ok. Let me um, check with her and make sure we can get the thyroid added for you and then as soon as I hear back from her, I'll call and let you know just so you don't have to worry about it.
Patient: Ok. Ok. That, and that, that draw is a 12 hour fasting or after maybe see what it says.
Nurse: Hm, let me check the order real quick and see if she put it in there 12 hour fast.
Patient: Ok. All right. That's all I needed to know
Nurse: And that's at 7 a.m. So let me check with her and then I'll call you back as soon as I have the answer. Thank you very much. You're welcome. You have a wonderful day. You too.
Patient: Bye bye. Ok, bye bye.
