Nurse: Oh, ok. Um, so, uh, you were still stuck there, huh?
Patient: Yeah. Uh, what they do is the longest thing is waiting after they give you the injections. You have to wait like 45 minutes each time.
Nurse: Yeah. No, that's crazy. Um, so can you hold on just one second? I'm sorry, I'm just trying to close out this chart. Do you mind? I'm sorry. Thank you.
Patient: Where are you,
Nurse: Uh, first one,
Patient: Print measure, crossword clue. According to crossword solver, we found one solution for print measure. The most likely answer for the clue is PCA [PHI-Geographic].
Nurse: Hi. Sorry about that. Oh, I'm sorry, you're fine. No, no, no. Um, [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Geographic]. Right. Yes, ma'am. Okey Dokie. Best number to reach you at, in case, hold on my phone, I cut out my computer is being slow. Oh, my gosh. Come on that number to reach you at, in case we get disconnected.
Patient: [PHI-Account], [PHI-Account] [PHI-Account].
Nurse: Perfect. And then date of birth. 44, 1934. Yes, ma'am. Ok, perfect. Ok. So, so I did hear back from the office about the medication. Let's see. Um, doctor said please inform patient that I sent a prescription for the eight mg at night to the pharmacy. So he sent a new prescription for that medication for you. The one you were asking about if you should take.
Patient: Yeah, he said I, I don't need it. That's what my chart.
Nurse: What he sent a new prescription for it.
Patient: Oh, that was for the, uh,
Nurse: The, the, the sleep medicine.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah, I got that. I pick, I pick. Oh, ok.
Nurse: You already have got it.
Patient: Ok. I picked it up yesterday.
Nurse: Oh, perfect. Ok. So, and then with that been, so you do you still have to go back to do the stress test?
Patient: No, I did, I did the stress test. Now I have to go back for a follow up with doctor on, uh, [PHI-Personal] first, I guess a after he gets the results and everything else. Ok. All right. And next Monday I go for my infusion. Ok.
Nurse: It turns and what is the infusion for? I forget, uh, anemia. Oh, are you getting like an iron infusion?
Patient: I believe so. Yes,
Nurse: I got a busy schedule. I'm sorry. You have a busy schedule. Yes. They're keeping you running
Patient: In [PHI-Personal]. I have an appointment with the kidney specialist.
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. Right. Yes. All right. So, ok. So, um, with the anemia, things to watch out for symptoms of anemia or weakness, dizziness, uh, lightheadedness, cold hands and feet, pale yellow skin cramping, shortness of breath, heart palpitations, irregular heartbeat, sores in your mouth and tingling in your hands or feet, like a loss of sensation, almost like I kind of like that, that like pins and needles. Um, obviously, if you're having um, dizziness, shortness of breath, heart palpitations, irregular heartbeat or chest pain that needs to be, um, addressed in the hospital. But all other, all the other symptoms you can call the provider for. So.
Patient: Well, II, I believe once in a while I get a little numbness in my, uh, two fingers in my [PHI-Personal]
Nurse: Left or right [PHI-Personal],
Patient: The ring, the ring finger and the, the little finger next to it. But if I just pump my [PHI-Personal] a little bit and it goes away
Nurse: Left or left [PHI-Personal], no, both hands. Mhm. Might be like a, like a, something's compressing like nerve, nerve issues if you mention you should mention that to PT because maybe they'll give you some [PHI-Personal] exercises.
Patient: Ok. Well, I go, I, yeah, I go PT tomorrow.
Nurse: Yeah. So bring it up at PT because they may have [PHI-Personal] exercises they can give you for that. So that doesn't happen.
Patient: So, as a matter of fact, while I was getting the, the stress test, uh huh. Well, I'm just sitting there doing nothing. So I did some of my exercises.
Nurse: Oh, good for you.
Patient: I figure I waste all the time.
Nurse: Mhm. Yeah, because it sounds like they had you there for a while. Yes.
Patient: This, since 9 30 this morning.
Nurse: Oh, my gosh.
Patient: But they were very nice and very busy. There's one person after another in the machine. Uh,
Nurse: It's sometimes like, you know, um, it can, it could be really tough when things are getting all backed up like that. Plus I'm sure they probably had to reschedule a lot of people with the storm. So they're probably playing catch up maybe. Yes, at this point. Yeah. So, um, you have all your medications, right? Yes. Ok. Was it very far from your house or was it pretty close
Patient: Or? Oh, it's, uh, it's actually in the, it's in the same building that I go for PT? Oh,
Nurse: Perfect. Ok.
Patient: Down on.
Nurse: Ok. So, pretty convenient then. Yes. Oh, good. All right, good. So, um, and then I don't remember if we went over care gaps with you. I can, we talk about so many different things, right. One over what, what you're due for? II, I don't think we did your care gaps yet. So it looks like, um, you're due for a eye exam. Have you had one recently? Uh, no. Ok. You're due for an eye exam and when you get one, you, um, you should ask them for a glaucoma screening. Ok. Um, the depression screening they can do with the appoint at your next appointment. Um, the COVID booster
Patient: COVID booster. We, we've had two of them. We should get that the other one.
Nurse: So, it looks like you're on number, you're due for number four. Does that sound right? Yes, I guess so. Yes. And then the flu vaccine.
Patient: Yeah, I was thinking to make an appointment both and I for the flu.
Nurse: Uh huh. Yeah, you can get that at the pharmacy too if, if it's more convenient for you.
Patient: Yes, that's where I make a
Nurse: Point. Yeah. So, because they can pull up, um, your records through the [PHI-Geographic] State, which is really convenient so they can see what you're due for. Mhm. So, so, yeah. And then, um, usually, um, what pharmacy do you use?
Patient: Uh, the Publix Pharmacy on maybe.
Nurse: Ok. All right. Yeah, they'll do, they probably will do it over there and then you can just let me know and I can update it in the system. Ok. Yeah. So, uh, and then let's see, p lots of PT your next appointment with Doctor [PHI-Personal] is on the ninth. Yes.
Patient: And then [PHI-Personal]
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. Sorry. Yes. Um, and I can't tell if you're due for labs. It doesn't look like it doesn't look like you have any labs due.
Patient: And the follow up the follow up with [PHI-Personal] on [PHI-Personal] first
Nurse: [PHI-Personal] first. Ok. All right. Yeah, I got that in there. Patient has follow up on [PHI-Personal] 1st with, that's the cardiologist. Correct? Yes. And then if you have questions or concerns in between calls, you know, to call me right? So. Ok, perfect. Ok. Sounds like a plan. Ok. Alrighty.
Patient: Yeah, hold on a minute. I I didn't like to talk to you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank
Nurse: You. And you yesterday I went to this doctor III I guess she was a doctor and I don't know whether she was a doctor or was this the, the, uh, the, was it an ear doctor which I have from my thyroid? Oh, yeah, that's right. You had the thyroid appointment? Well, anyway, uh, I thought it over again this morning first. I, yesterday I said yes, but I have restarted. It's because I'm [PHI-Personal] years old. And one of the things I do know is when you get, uh, anesthesia, it affects your memory and I already have problems and I don't want my memory affected anymore. So I think I'm better off just, uh, stepping back from the whole situation. I don't know what you're talking about. Can you tell me what she told you? She wanted you to do? I have an operation? Oh, hold on. Let me see. Oh, ok. I'm reading through the note now. Patients,
Patient: She might have been a nurse. Yeah,
Nurse: She might have. Yeah, I could tell you. Hold on. Yeah. Uh, Doctor Doctor, uh, [PHI-Personal]. Yeah, she was the doctor that, yeah, she didn't say what her
Patient: Name was. And
Nurse: So we weren't quite sure. And then plus, uh, other than the nurse taking my, my weight and my, uh, BP, that was it. And I said, give it you, that wasn't much of a, of a doctor's appointment.
Patient: She did check my, I
Nurse: Can check you. Well, did she check? She palpated your neck? Yeah, a little bit. Yeah, because, uh, the thing was when I was a child I had that my neck operated on why I don't. But anyway, yeah. Ok. Let me look. So you don't wanna do the pa the uh parathyroid uh ectomy? No, because that's not something that you're interested in. Ok. I, I, I'm concerned about uh the side effects, you know, with memory. Yeah. Well, yeah, sometimes it's hard for people when they come out of anesthesia. Not everybody does. Well, some people do great. Some people have um short term side effects. Some people have longer, longer side effects. Else is not what I want. Specialty provider. You saw the, the was yesterday? Um ok. All right. And it looks like let's see what she put for recommendations down here. Oh, assessment and plan patient has a history of primary parathyroidism. She also has a history of osteoporosis and a history of right femur fracture, osteoporosis is being managed with Prolia by PC P. Um Last dose seven. In July, last PT was 74.9. Last B MP showed calcium was 10.4 parathyroid scan. Uh 2019 did not reveal parathyroid ae uh Aden adenoma um discussed in length with patient criteria for parathyroidectomy and other treatment options, primary hypoparathyroid such as medical therapy, spar versus treating osteoporosis, only, only complications so far. Um her primary hyperparathyroidism also patient ha has been evaluated in the past by ent and parathyroid to me was not considered that time. She would like to reevaluate again for it. So, what I would do if that's how you feel, that's, I mean, that's fine. Um Just call over to her office and let her know that, but that was the doctor that you spoke with. So if that's how you're feeling, I think it's important. You call over and just let them know and we can always revisit, you know, and, and, and it's, I think it's important because then if you're not gonna do surgery, right? She may wanna start you on a medication. Ok. All right. So, so, yeah. Do you have the number there? Uh, I can look it up for you if you don't. You sure? I don't want any? Ok. Thank you. Yeah, absolutely. No worries. That's what I'm here for. Eileen. Thank you. God bless you. God bless you. Yeah, it's a lot when you're trying to manage care and like you're getting so much information, just bear with me while I look it up for you. No problem. Did you make an appointment with the ent yet. Uh, no, I didn't make, I didn't make an appointment with the right. I didn't make, were you gonna see them for your, um, throat? Like your, your, your have to do that, the ear, the ear in the throat? Yeah, that's what it was, the ear in the throat. Ok. Right. Um, let me just, yeah, I wanted to get one that straight price. Mhm. I call the other. Yeah, us f ok. Which uh did you see her at the two? Tampa? Yes. Yeah I don't have that in the I think I might already have her number. Hold on one second, hold on. Ok thank you. I think I have that in my book doctor. I feel like she might be in here right here I got it. It's uh 813. Ok 821 82180118011. And what what is what do they call it? I actually have uh hold on let me see go back to that visit. Hyperparathyroidism. Ok. Mhm. Sure. Um which means that it's overactive or underactive hyper is over hypo is, is un is under that that's what I Yeah yeah yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hyper para yeah so so yeah call them up and then just just say if you don't feel comfortable you know you wanna make sure you look into the other treatment options so it gets treated but if you if you don't wanna do surgery. Um, that's understandable. You know, I mean, it is, it is, you know, they're gonna have to put you under and again, some people do fine with the anesthesia. Some people have short term effects. Some people do have long term effects. You know, they, after anesthesia they don't do well. So it's really, and usually you see that, um, when people are up in age you'll see, uh, some people have like hip surgeries and stuff and they'll go and they, because they used to work long term care and they didn't do well with the anesthesia. So, so it, it's, it's person to person. So, but yeah, it's definitely good to, um, discuss your concerns. And are you ok on your medications? Yes, thank you very much. All right. All right. So, and if you have questions or concerns or I can try to find something out for you, just give me a call. Ok. All right. Thank you so much. So, you're welcome. Um, do you have an upcoming appointment? I have one in December. Right. December 9th. Just like, um, ok, we have the same time. Yeah, same, same one. Ok, perfect. Ok. So, ok. Yeah, absolutely. Um, and again, like I said, any questions or concerns just, just reach out and give me a call. But keep in mind if it's weekends, nights or holidays, um, call the office directly because I, I will not, unfortunately, I won't be available because I work Monday through Friday 8 30 to 4. So I have people call sometimes and then I feel really bad. So, but um yeah. All right. Thank you so much and God thank you. Alright. Bye bye bye bye.
