Nurse: Good. Alrighty, I see [PHI-Personal] has lost 20 lbs. [PHI-Personal]
Patient: I think she lost more than that
Nurse: Total. Oh wow. Well, good for her. You tell her I said keep up that great work that's really helping control her diabetes as well. Yeah. Yeah. And I see she's only had one episode of a low blood sugar here recently. Yeah. Ok. Good, good. Does she, do you have any questions or concerns about [PHI-Personal]? No. All righty. And then I see for you, [PHI-Personal] we did get your A one C back and it was 9.5 and I uh see where they reached out to you and wanted you to start a new medication, but at this time you declined.
Patient: Yeah, I I told her I wasn't taking my uh pills like I was supposed to.
Nurse: Ok. So you are taking the glimepiride then twice a day now. Yeah. And the Metformin twice a day. Yeah. Ok. Good. And then hopefully the next time we draw your A one C, we'll see an improvement on those numbers for you. [PHI-Personal]. I know that 9.5 was really high compared to the last, uh, a one C reading that you had. So continue to take those medications daily. So we can see that number come back down for you. Ok. Yeah. All righty. And how's your breathing been for you, [PHI-Personal]? Now that the weather is getting colder outside? It's ok. It's ok. No issues with increased shortness of breath for you. No. Ok. And if you do experience that [PHI-Personal] or if you have to go outside for an extended period of time in the cold air, take uh, inhale your rescue inhaler before going outside and that will help to open your lungs up and hopefully to stop you from experiencing that uh, that feeling in your chest of the constriction from the cold air. And also if you wear like a scarf over your mouth to breathe in the warm air, that helps to, to keep you from feeling that that pain in your chest, from the cold air. Ok. Uh Alrighty. Do you have any questions or concerns today, [PHI-Personal]? No. All right. And how's your right knee been for you? You continue to have pain in your right knee?
Patient: Yeah. I'm going to therapy twice a week but has very, hasn't been any change yet.
Nurse: No, no change yet for you. And do you use any topicals on your knee? [PHI-Personal]? Like Biofreeze or Voltaren? No, you should. Uh, you can get those over the counter at the pharmacy. Um, Voltaren or Biofreeze. Work great for arthritic pain. You would just rub it on your knee two or three times a day to hope, hopefully get some relief from that pain. How much longer of physical therapy do you have? Oh, I don't know. Oh, ok. And do they teach you exercises to do at home?
Patient: Yeah, I got exercises and, uh, I stretch it out and ice it and,
Nurse: Ok. And that's another good thing you could do the icing at home as well and do, uh, a heating pad too to help alleviate and warm up the muscles around the knee joint. And that can give you some type of relief too. Have you ever had a Cortisone injection in your knee?
Patient: I've had two different injections and neither one of them helped.
Nurse: Neither one of them helped. Ok.
Patient: I had the injection from Doctor [PHI-Personal] and then I went over to some place over the, uh, over at the hospital at the hospital and, uh, they injected some kind of gel that was supposed to help and that didn't make any difference either.
Nurse: No difference at all. And have they ever talked about if you were a candidate for a knee replacement or? No?
Patient: Well, I did have knee replacement. That's why I'm going to therapy. Oh,
Nurse: Jeez. And you're still having the pain in your knee? Ok.
Patient: Yeah. And that was over five months ago. Oh,
Nurse: My goodness. And they've done xrays and say that everything's aligned correctly. Nothing's out of place.
Patient: Yeah. The last time I was there they just took an x-ray again.
Nurse: Oh, they don't know what's causing you to have the stiffness and the pain.
Patient: No.
Nurse: Mm. Well, I'm sorry to hear that the knee replacement didn't give you the the relief it typically get. It does. Hopefully maybe with the physical therapy doing the stretches and the exercises, maybe that will help to strengthen those muscles around your knee and give you at least a little bit of relief. Do you take any over the counter pain medications like Tylenol to help with the pain? No, no. Ok. I would recommend some Tylenol here if it gets to be hurting too bad for you, you can take Tylenol as needed. Ok. Do you guys need any, any refills on your medications today?
Patient: No, not that I know of.
Nurse: Alrighty. Well, I appreciate you giving me a call back Gary and if there's anything I can help you guys with, you know, don't hesitate to reach out to me. Um, you guys are all up to date on your wellness goals for this year. So next year when I speak with you I'll put the new list together for the new year and get that out in the mail to you. Ok? Ok. Alrighty. Well you guys have a good Christmas Gary and if there's anything you and need you just reach out and give us a call. Ok? Ok, thank you. Alright thank you bye bye bye.
