Nurse: Absolutely. No worries. And then um with that mammogram they I believe it looks like they've already sent that order over to gateway so you should be able to to call and schedule it. Yes.
Patient: Oh that's great and I can just call them. Yes. Mhm. Oh, thank you then I I I'll do one more. Perfect. Ok, I'll do that. Alright. So now with him um do we do him? Yes. Yeah. Ok. He has not been faithful with the BP and I'll tell you why we've been going to doctors constantly. They're taking it every, every time and and the nurse has been coming every week vital vital. So that has not been good at now. He we went ok, wait, wait a minute, let me just tell you what we've done so far and
Nurse: When the nurse takes it and it's at the blood, uh, at the doctor's, it's been normal. Yeah, BP.
Patient: Ok. Yeah. Perfect. Ok. Ok. So we went to, he went to doctor, which is the endocrinologist. Mhm. And, uh, the last time before this three months it was 6.5 or something of that nature. But this time it was 7.1 or two. And out of that, I can't say iiii, I love the, the doctor. I had never seen him because when we first went there, then uh we were seeing his uh, assistant, they call it, there's a, there's a name for them. Uh, and it was, we went once in person. And so [PHI-Personal] who, I don't think she's an endocrinologist but just like, uh, uh an assistant to him. But then COVID came and we were doing it by phone. Ok. So we never had a one like on him. So to be very honest and frank with him because I like you and I trust you. I, he didn't do much for me. So, yeah, he was, mm, if I could change I would. But I'm not gonna anyway. So he said 7.1. Well, I didn't think that the difference between that and 6.5 due to the time that he has been cheating and he doesn't listen, which we don't, I don't think it was anything major but to him it was, and this weekend that he ended up that tomorrow, another ride we need, we have to go that he's gonna have them do. It's a, there's a new procedure I'll let you know after I go tomorrow. What? Exactly. And he's gonna do something for him about that. And then he wants to, he said, come back on the [PHI-Personal], which is a week later. Well, while I was there waiting, I heard the, uh, the receptionist say, do you want a call to those people? So I said to him, oh, could we do that by phone? Because we don't do zoom. We don't, you know, we're, I, I'm lucky I'm talking to you on the phone. Well, anyway, and he said, yes, of course, just to tell us what, tomorrow's what he did for tomorrow or what his thoughts are about it. So that's what's gonna take place. Um, so thank God, at least I, we don't have to pay someone or take this away another day because it, that's becoming too much for me. Honestly. Actually, it, it, it's
Nurse: A lot, it's a lot. Like you said, you're, you're almost gone every day. You know, every day. I
Patient: Can't do it. Can't like now, 1 15 and I got a pre lunch, the therapist comes, yeah, again. But anyway, so that's that on him. Then he went to, well, oh, and yesterday he actually got to see again with a nurse practitioner from doctor [PHI-Personal] office. He's a heart doctor. Ok. Because when K was in the hospital. Someone from Doctor [PHI-Personal] office did go see him but then we were supposed to see doctor per doctor. Well, we never got the appointment. It did when it's available is [PHI-Personal] 27th Julie, which is not, but doctor must have told them do something. So they gave us the nurse practitioner yesterday. Good. Just so that, you know, he could see her and we got there and we waited 55 minutes and that's not again, I'm paying someone $25 an hour outside. Right? And she was lovely. Someone from, um, uh, Nova, no, Nova Scotia. I'm sorry. Uh, oh God, [PHI-Personal] or something lovely in every way. Apologize her. I would go to wonderful, very caring. Very nice. Apologize so much because the person before didn't speak English and I can understand, I, I'm a foreigner myself but, you know, uh, then again, whatever. So that's what we did. So he saw her and basically she was not thrilled about his legs. His legs are coming down though somewhat. Ok.
Nurse: That's what I was gonna ask
Patient: You. Ok. So is now, but everybody is suggesting the compression stockings. Yes, which we've bought and out back in Boston they wanted them to wear. But, uh, I now have decided that we should try again. And I heard that there is a place which has medical supplies and prescriptions and that they may have a better variation of the stocking. That would be better because the other ones were too tight. Yeah. Right. And then sometimes you're out of [PHI-Geographic]. Right? You're not? Ok. So, you would not know if there's a medical supply also. Prescriptions in this area that would like as to where it is. Right. So, our driver could take this.
Nurse: Right. I will look into this for you. And then also, um, if you put either, like, sometimes I heard like baby powder or lotion on the legs before you put the stockings, it'll help them go up better.
Patient: Like I wouldn't, I never did that. No. Yeah, he did. Yeah, we had no luck getting them on and, and they cost, they were expensive. They were not cheap but we couldn't get them on them. And then we gave up two pairs and finally I threw them out when we moved here when I was cleaning draws, you know. So now, but we need to get that.
Nurse: Yeah. And they are, they're really a pain trying to get, you know, them on.
Patient: Let me see. All right. So let's see. So he saw that, that, um, the, the foot doctor. I mean, everything is ok with that. Uh, what else do you think? You know, you need to know and, you know, on the [PHI-Personal], I think of July, you that you must have in your computer. Uh, we're both going, he and I again for ok, and she gave me orders for a lot of, uh, things. I mean, I could go through them with you but we just got to get it done. Is it for your
Nurse: Blood? Yes. Right. Is it your blood work and stuff?
Patient: Yeah. Yes. Yes.
Nurse: Yes, I do. So, it looks like you're right. She does have a lot of labs for both of you guys to get done. Um, and I would just say, like, if you do them the week or two before that appointment and then she'll have them there
Patient: For you. That's what I'm going to do. Right. Right. Right. Yes. Very good. [PHI-Personal]. You have a pleasure.
Nurse: Yes. Yes. And, um, you, you know, I'm here, I have found one medical supply center in [PHI-Geographic].
Patient: You did? Oh my God. Let me get a pen because that makes it easy. God bless you. See, you're doing it. So I wish I lived. I, I, yeah, we were near it to you. I would bring you a nice lunch or something. You are wonderful. You are terrific. I, I just, I, I'm so comfortable, you know, talking to you and you make things happen. Really? I, I really appreciate that honestly. And yeah, you do your job [PHI-Personal] honestly. Yeah, but they got a good one. I am thrilled. Thank you so much. Ok, here I am. And the name of the place
Nurse: Is OK. So this one is called Affinity A Ffinity Home Medical Equipment.
Patient: Ok. A FF Right. Uh huh. Yeah, I, I didn't get the rest. I'm sorry.
Nurse: Um I in. Mhm. Bye [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Ok, now I can see it. Ok. So their
Nurse: Number, so their um, so their address is [PHI-Geographic] [PHI-Geographic], [PHI-Geographic]. Ok. Um I'm gonna give you their phone number because I see here that they also might deliver things.
Patient: Oh, wow. So if you can get
Nurse: Them delivered that might be even better for
Patient: You. And the phone number is
Nurse: [PHI-Account]. Mhm. [PHI-Account]
Patient: [PHI-Account]
Nurse: [PHI-Account]
Patient: [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Account]. You made my day. I'm gonna call them immediately. Thank you so much. Alright, so we sound like we're better and uh I'm so happy about [PHI-Personal], I'll I'll make an appointment and uh then they sent the results and I'll call for this. Thank you so much. A
Nurse: Absolutely if you need me for anything. Thank you.
Patient: You give me a call I appreciate it. Thank you so much. Bye bye. You have a great day. Thank you. Bye bye. You do the same. Bye bye. Thank you.
