Nurse: Thank you so much. And it looks like we already verified everything on the left call and how have you, how are you feeling and has anything recently changed in your health status at all?
Patient: No, everything is perfectly fine. I saw my doctor, we did my blood work and there was absolutely nothing, no problem whatsoever. And uh I had with the nurse care, I had discussed uh uh my use of a stool soften and we, we solve that issue and I have no,
Nurse: Oh Ok. Go ahead.
Patient: Well, I'm weaning myself off them. Ok. Gradually, gradually, very gradually. Ok. That's what we're doing. A, uh, at the, at the advice of my doctor.
Nurse: Ok. And then did they tell you to incorporate anything else into your diet to keep you
Patient: Regular there? No, no, no. Ok. She told me something to do in the morning. Try to get more blood flow into the tummy. Mhm. And I've been moving and believe me, I've got blood flow in the tummy. I got blood flow everywhere. Now, try lifting boxes and packing shells. Hm. But I have no issue to discuss with you. I'm absolutely perfectly fine. My blood work, my daughter told me that I'm definitely gonna live to at least 100 and four.
Nurse: Well, that sounds good.
Patient: When I went to my um oncologist at Mor, I said, you know, you just about waste your time seeing me, don't you? Because my C my CT scans and all my blood work comes back just perfect. There's nothing we have to discuss. She said, well, I just like to look at you once in a while.
Nurse: Well, that's a good thing. And you said all your testing came back. Good from the oncologist office. What date did you go?
Patient: Uh, about two weeks ago? And I made sure that they sent that to doctor um Sharma and she has it and she looked at it and we discussed, you know, everything looked perfectly wonderful.
Nurse: All right. That's good. And then
Patient: I at Sprouts and I need to get turned off here and I still got other stops to make. So, can we finish up here real quickly?
Nurse: Oh, sure. No problem. Uh The last two things I just needed to review for your blood sugar and your BP. Do you happen to know the range that you've been staying in with those two?
Patient: The blood sugar. Uh, my A one C and my monthly, uh, weekly monthly, uh, is running 100 and 40 141 142 which she's very pleased with. And my BP is, uh, perfectly, perfectly wonderful. I don't know the exact figures, but there's something like 100 and 24/68.
Nurse: All right. Sounds great. Well, I appreciate your time and everything and, uh, just continue to take those medications as instructed, stay hydrated and get your exercise and I'll let you go on about your day.
Patient: Ok. Thank you dear. Thank you dear. Have a nice one. You too. Bye bye bye bye.
