Nurse: Ok. Oh, well, that's good that you're gonna try it. He's been in there for a while, huh?
Patient: Not too long.
Nurse: Not too long. Like, in, for a couple of months.
Patient: Yes. Uh, ok. Uh huh. And, uh, so we're gonna try it. I don't know whether it'll work or not. I'm very fearful of it, but I just can't take care of him myself. Now I'm [PHI-Personal] and, uh, I just can't, he has a catheter bag and all that. And, uh, so they, they seem to say they're gonna do everything for him. So we'll see. Oh, good.
Nurse: Well, that's, that's good news. I'm sure that'll make him happy. Yeah. Yeah.
Patient: It'll make him happy. Yes.
Nurse: Good. Good. Perfect. All right. So, how have things been going with you? Anything new going on with you?
Patient: I, I, uh, I'm healthy and I don't have any aches or pains or anything. I get very, very tired. You know, if I do one thing a day, I do go see [PHI-Personal] at least once a day and spend a couple hours there. But, uh, but then I'm really tired if I would go to the bank to drop off something that's about it that I could do. I, I can do one thing and then I'm tired. So other than that, I'm good.
Nurse: Good. Well, you know, when you get tired you wanna rest, you've been under a lot of stress and you've been pretty busy with everything going on with [PHI-Personal]. So, you know, stress and things like that can definitely make you for, feel more tired. Um, yeah, so it's ok to, I know we talked about this, uh, last time it's ok to, you know, take a little break when you need to take a little rest, put your feet up. That's fine. Are you sleeping? Ok at night?
Patient: Yes, I am. And I take like a half hour, uh, uh, nap in the afternoon and that seems to help me a lot. Good.
Nurse: Good. All right, let me pull your chart up here in the office and I see you had an appointment, um, the end of [PHI-Personal]. Uh, let me pull that up and we'll go over those recommendations and see if there's, if you had any questions or concerns on that.
Patient: I did have a question about payment of it. I thought that was my cost free check up with doctor, but maybe I was wrong. I did get a bill for it.
Nurse: This is your Medicare Annual Wellness. Um, you pro yeah, you'll wanna talk to the office about that. I'm not sure. Um, usually did they make you pay whenever you were there or they sent you a bill in the mail? They
Patient: Sent me a bill?
Nurse: Ok, I'll, I'll send a message over to the office just letting them know that you don't normally get a bill for your Medicare Annual Wellness visit and that you did receive one. You were just questioning that I will definitely send that message over to the office so
Patient: That they, my mind isn't what it used to be, but I, I don't think I ever paid for that.
Nurse: Ok. All right. No, no, that's fine. I, I, hey, the worst they can say is, you know, things have changed, you know, the she'll get a bill now, but I just wanna make them aware that way. If something was billed wrong, they can look into it and, you know, just double check everything. That's, that's fine. I'll, I'll
Patient: Appreciate that. Hey, I wanted to tell you, [PHI-Personal] mind is very good and his memory is wonderful. Good. And he doesn't complain. He never did complain about much of anything. So, well, we'll hope for the best for him, won't we? [PHI-Personal]?
Nurse: That's right. Uh, yes, that's right. I hope everything goes, well, I hope everything goes smooth getting him home, the transition and, uh, you know, it, it, I think it'll be, you know, you won't be doing so much running. So that, that'll be nice for you. You'll be able to be home more, uh, you know, and things like that. So that's, that's
Patient: Good. It's a funny thing though on Monday I'm supposed to go over in the afternoon to the mansion and Aubrey from the mansion is going to watch how he gets in and out of the car, going to come home with me, going to walk through the house and see how he does with this and that. Oh, I'm not looking forward to that either, but I guess they have to do that. I don't know.
Nurse: Right. Just to make sure that, you know, he does well, being at home, um, you know, and things like that and it's safe, you know, you want things to be safe for him when he's here. Um, you know, I know this is a lot for you too and so just make sure throughout this whole process if you have times where you're feeling a little bit more stressed about things, if you're feeling anxious, you know, make sure you leave some time for yourself, do something you enjoy. Listen to mute, read a book, going outside. You know, if you're having a rough day, just going out in your front porch and sitting, it's proven that that helps tremendously with mood and how you feel, you know, just going for a little stroll outside or even just sitting outside. Um, well, you know, when
Patient: The helpers come with [PHI-Personal], they'll be here most of the day and I can get out, then I can, I can leave. So, and, and do whatever I want to go like just like you said. And uh, so that's, that's, that's a good thing for me too if I can get out. Excellent. Ok, dear. You all my, all my complaints and w
Nurse: Oh and listen, I'll call, I'll call you next month. I know you're gonna have a busy time here. But if you need me for anything in the meantime or if you need to talk to me about anything, you give me a ring. Ok, I
Patient: Will and thank you so
Nurse: Much. You're welcome. I'll be thinking about you and [PHI-Personal] you take care.
Patient: Bye bye
Nurse: Bye.
