Nurse: Is perfectly fine. I appreciate you calling me back. Give me, give me one second. Let me get your chart pulled back up. Ok. Ok. So how did that visit go?
Patient: It went good. I don't have to have my um stress test and all that done until [PHI-Personal]. And I'm like, whew, thank God anything
Nurse: To worry about now, right? I, yeah,
Patient: So I, I, you know, the only thing I told him about the, you know, the pain that I'm having in my hand, um, because he asked me if I was having any, you know, things wrong. And I said that's the only thing. But see, Doctor [PHI-Personal] in Saint Petersburg, he told me that I have carpal tunnel syndrome and both my hands, but the left hand is worse than the right. But I still believe I have a touch of um neuropathy as well and I wear a brace at night on my hand, um, which helps me for the next day, you know. Um, it just feels like needles and my hand goes a sleep. Yeah. And,
Nurse: Yeah, and essentially that, that does happen with carpal tunnel because essentially it's compressing a nerve through there. Um, and that's causing that reduced sensation.
Patient: Right. And he gave me Doctor [PHI-Personal] to check with, but I would rather, you know, get someone that you guys know, you know, because that way, you know, you're in the same network and whatever, you know. Um, because they, he, yeah, Doctor uh [PHI-Personal] put a shot in there. He shot it with Cortisone. Mhm. And um, because he did my shoulder, my left shoulder because he said I had calcium build up in my shoulder because he did the, the that shock treatment and, you know, um, the xrays and all that and that's what he told me. And, um, but he just put Cortisone in there and it stopped hurting, you know. Right.
Nurse: That definitely helps. Do you find that you have the weakness as far as it comes to trying to hold things or pick things up? Oh,
Patient: Yeah. Oh yeah, I can and I have to wear the glove or the, you know, the brace. Um, even if I'm driving because I'm, you go laugh, I'm left and right handed. I use both my hands. And so I drive with my left, you know, and sometimes, you know, uh even my daughter's like mom switch over to your right. And I'll switch over to my right. You know, and it, but it hurts at night. Mhm.
Nurse: Do you do any type of, um, stretches or exercises with your, with your hands? They've showed you
Patient: And I massage it like where the, you know, the carpal tunnel is. I massage my hand. I even put tiger [PHI-Personal] on it, you know, and that does help the tiger [PHI-Personal] does and, and then I'll take like an arthritis Tylenol and that seems to help too. But see, I also have arthritis in my, um my knuckles cause when I was in school I used to be a knuckle popper.
Nurse: Right. I'm right there with you. I'm still, I'm a everything popper I think.
Patient: Yeah, me too. I like, I, I sound like that snap, crack and pop when I'm working around the house. But, but it does hurt, you know, even if I had to get another Cortisone shot or whatever, you know, that would be great. You know, I don't wanna have no surgeries. No, no, because I had a friend, mother that had, that had the surgery and
Nurse: Man, my dog just went crazy. I apologize if you can't hear it. No,
Patient: No, I've got, I got two dogs. They did the same thing.
Nurse: I think he sees the delivery man. He, he monitors the, the driveway.
Patient: Yep. Yep. That's what mine does. Somebody knocks on the door. They go crazy. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. Well, they're not my dogs per se. They're my daughter and son in law because I have a [PHI-Personal] and, um, one of them is a, ah, if I can say it right. A Cala hula. Uh, it, it starts with a b, mm. Um, no, it starts with a p, let me think a minute. It's a [PHI-Personal], but it's a hound dog and he's a pain, he's a pain in my neck. Mhm. Because he, and we had to put a shock collar on him. So that, because he was tearing with the people next door to us, the fence belongs to them. But he kept tearing the, the slabs off of the fence. Mhm. And playing with him, he'd throw them up in the air and run with them. And so my son in law said, no, we can't keep doing this because we had to replace all those slabs. And, um, so he got a shot collar. So every time we see him going towards the fence, he, we first we, um, you know, vibrate and then if he doesn't listen to us, then he has to get a shot and it's working, it's keeping him away from the, the fence. So,
Nurse: Whatever works, right.
Patient: Oh, yeah. And then we have a, an Australian [PHI-Personal] that we got in Tennessee because my brother used to sell them. So we went out up, up to Tennessee and we got comment from him. So goodness. But that hound dog, my, even the [PHI-Personal], the [PHI-Personal] is, like, get away from me. You, but you got bad breath and she'll slap at him.
Nurse: They're definitely something. We just have a little, little dog, a little shih tzu. But he's just like a, he thinks he's a baby human.
Patient: Yep. Because that's the way my used to be. You know, and I had to put him down because he was just in too much pain. Uh, I'm sorry, I went outside and, and the pollen always gets me.
Nurse: Yeah, I, I completely understand you there. All right. So I can send a message over to doctor to see if she has uh another recommendation for you. Ok. Do you need a referral? Does your insurance require a referral?
Patient: Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. All right. All right. So I will,
Patient: And I will give her to her. Ok. And I will be getting my, oh, what is that? My breast exam this coming week? I gotta call and make an appointment because I've been, I've been so busy, you know. And
Nurse: Do you get that done at [PHI-Personal]?
Patient: Yes.
Nurse: Ok. If you'd like, I can uh put in an online request so they can contact you directly and that'll help you kind of avoid that hold time. Um because I know they can have a link the whole time. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Let me pull that up real quick. I have found that to be quite helpful. Um and they just call you, they usually will call you within 24 hours. All right, appointment request. I'll get this filled in for you. Ok. All right. So I'll get that sent over. Um, I will send the request to doctor [PHI-Personal]. Um, and I'll let you know what she says and you see her again next month. Correct?
Patient: Yes. Um, I think it's next month, either next month or may because I'm having my physical and um, the lady at her office said she does pap smears. Mhm. Mhm. So, um, I would rather get my, I hate when people touch my d, I'm sorry, I
Nurse: Look, I'm with you on that.
Patient: I'm just, you know, very shy and very uncomfortable and, you know, even when a woman does, I just feel right.
Nurse: Yeah. I, I don't think anybody can ever go into one of those exams and really feel comfortable. It's just not gonna, exactly, it's just non existent. It's a very invasive, um, exam but definitely very important, um, to have done. So. All right. Yeah, it looks like [PHI-Personal]. Is your next visit with doctor?
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: Ok. All right. Well, I will shoot this message over to her. I will let you know, uh, when she responds and has a referral in place for you. Ok.
Patient: Yeah, because this hanging in my hand, I mean, I, I do the exercises but it's mostly at night when it hurts the
Nurse: Most. Yeah. And that, that is super common. Um, especially just because you've used it all day, you know. So it's, it's catching up with you by the time night time rolls around. I definitely do the stretches if you, uh, I don't know if you've tried it before, but sometimes if you do a warm compress about 15 or 20 minutes on your wrist before you do the exercises and then when you're done, put a cool compress on them for about 15 or 20 minutes. And that can help. Yeah, that can kind of help with any, um, inflammation and everything. Ok.
Patient: Because III, I soak my hands. Like when I'm in the, in the shower, I put my hands up underneath the, the shower, you know, and, um, that helps. Um, so sometimes
Nurse: When you try to do the exercises that they can just be a challenge all their own. So sometimes that warm prep followed by the cool finish after might be helpful for you. So give that a try. Ok.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: No problem. All right. Well, I appreciate you calling me back. I will give you a call as soon as I get a response from doctor Mi. Ok. Ok.
Patient: That's fine. That's fine. And make sure that she, um, or you do it or she does it, um, send my insurance company, um, a they're saying that they don't have a new prescription for my Huma HumaLOG.
Nurse: Let's see here.
Patient: Yeah. And they're asking for it.
Nurse: All right. So, looks like something was just sent over last
Patient: Minute maybe they just haven't looked at it yet. I don't know.
Nurse: Well it could have been. Did you get something in the mail?
Patient: Um no, they text me.
Nurse: Ok and when was the last time that you got? Um I notice about it
Patient: This past
Nurse: Week? Ok. Alright, so looks like this was sent over to um Optum is the correct location, right? That's right. Ok, let me give them a call and just make sure that they did get it. It shows on our end that they did. Um, we get kind of electronic receipt of sorts. Uh when we send a prescription electronically over to a pharmacy, you know what? I bet it is. I bet it's because it didn't have a refill. So they're asking for,
Patient: They're asking, right? They're asking for a refill. That's what it is. All
Nurse: Right. Let's see. I think I can take care of that for you. I'll check if it's something I can go ahead and send over. I will um, if not, I'll let you know they may not, I don't know if it'll let me send it yet since it's not actually due because that was a 90 day order. Um, so I may have to wait a little longer before I can get it approved to send over
Patient: With doctor. Um [PHI-Personal]. I think the my um ok, say it. Now my mind went blank my lung doctor. So he um yeah, he said I did I do not have, I do not have um COPD or emphysema. I have straight asthma. That's
Nurse: It. Ok. Ok. Well, that's very clarified. So that's, that's good to know.
Patient: Yeah, that's what I told him. I'm like, thank God, you know, with him. Oh, that was on, it was this past month. It wasn't too far along. I think it's like a couple of weeks. It's [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: All right. Ok. Looks like we actually just got those notes today. Let me make sure this is the right one. Let's see, because sometimes if they're real behind sending us notes, we'll get a note. No, this is for [PHI-Personal]. So this is your most recent note. All right. Well, we have it, it is on record. Ok. And
Patient: I did get my CPAP. Um, and it's wonderful. I mean, I, um, wake up in the morning, uh, more refreshed than, you know, before and I'm very active during the day. So it is like I'm, you know, not doing anything or whatever because I have to get that energy out. And, uh, so I just clean the house. I'm spring cleaning is what I told my daughter.
Nurse: Well, that's a good thing. That's definitely a good thing. Well, I'm glad that's working for you. Good night sleep can help with a lot of things. So. Oh, yeah.
Patient: Oh, yeah. But with that pain in my hand. Mhm. It wakes me up. But like I said, I take, you know, Tylenol and I put that brace on my hand.
Nurse: Yeah. Well, that definitely should help, keep doing those exercises. Be sure that you try to do them every day. Um, try that heat before and cold after to see if that helps at all. Um, and I will see about getting your referral over to an Ortho around here. Ok. Ok.
Patient: That'll be great.
Nurse: All right. I will follow up with you soon as soon as I have some more information.
Patient: All right. Thank you so much. Absolutely.
Nurse: Have a great rest of your day.
Patient: You too. Bye bye.
