Nurse: Didn't, I didn't want you to feel like you had to rush it off.
Patient: So, uh, so, um, so anyway, I will, I will wait to hear back from, from you or shall I just assume I can go over and give a, uh, urine sample?
Nurse: Yeah, I would probably just do it because, like, I said, all you have to do is drop it off and they'll just dip it quick. It takes them, you know, 30 seconds. Uh, that should be fine. Um, I, I did wanna tell you so the days that you have chemotherapy, um, a couple things to remember, try really hard to hydrate the most you can, um, before and after. So the day before and the day after you're, um, treatment they do recommend no caffeinated beverages. Yeah. Um, and then d are you allowed to, like, pack items? Yeah, I take along with you. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah, we can take, they, they do offer things up there, uh, to the people but we can also take along whatever, uh, whatever items we want, you know? Yeah.
Nurse: And then have they given you any kind of like, have you become nauseous? Are you having any nausea? Uh, no,
Patient: I, I really, I really haven't but they had given me a prescription for that and I haven't used, not a single pill of it yet. Ok. Um, perfect. I have, I have that in my CBOT here with my pills.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, I, I want you to be aware that they do have that option. Yeah, I'll give you something for that.
Patient: Yeah, I have that. It, I don't even know what the heck it's called, but I just have it here by mouth every day, every, every eight hours as needed for nausea. I think it's, or something like that it's called. I don't know, but I did, I did not have to use that. They also gave me an Ibuprofen 600 mg tablet to take in place of, um, Tylenol or something like that. I don't know. I don't know if this is the same thing as Tylenol or what this was, this is for, uh, pain, but I really haven't had to use that either.
Nurse: Ok. Good. Good, good.
Patient: That was more when I got my port, my port put in and gave me that one. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah, I wouldn't take any kind of pain medication right now just because, um, yeah, because your liver function was, was slightly off, you know, so any kind of pain medication is going to, um, affect your kid or your liver anyway. So, yeah. So you just wanna kind of avoid that and then as far as foods, you know, avoiding those greasy, fatty fried foods, raw vegetables, um, gassy foods like beans or cabbage, anything like that, that's going to make your bowels worse. So, um, ok.
Patient: Yeah, I pretty much have a, a list of no nos here. Yeah,
Nurse: I know. Well, I'm glad that they gave you something to reference that too.
Patient: Yeah. Red meat. They said try to cut out red fatty meat. Eat more chicken, more fish.
Nurse: Yeah. I think they say any, anything that swims or flies or turns white when cooked.
Patient: Well, I have a, I do have a container of sauerkraut in the cup, in the refrigerator. And my husband said, are you going to make pork and sauerkraut? I said, I don't think I said I can make it for you. I said, but I don't believe I'll be eating pork and sauerkraut. Nope. I don't think so. I'm pretty sure it's not a good idea. No.
Nurse: So, um, well, hopefully, you know, do your best to, um, you know, kind of treat this possible ut I this week, um, really eat, you know, eat the, as much as good stuff as you can stay really hydrated that way. Hopefully come Thursday, when you go back up there, you'll have good numbers and you can get another treatment because, you know, and I hate to see your treatment be prolonged for too long,
Patient: You know. Yes, I don't, I don't wanna see that either. I, well, like I said, I was more out mentally than I was physically. Yeah, over this because it just kinda, I, I had this in my head, you know, that things were gonna go along until the end of may and then I have about a month off because the surgeon who's gonna do the surgery called me twice already just to see how things are going. And, um, and then she said that they usually give you four weeks for your, all your counts to go back to normal and then do the surgery. And I, I had this in my head. Ok, that's gonna happen, like the beginning of July then, you know? Yeah. And now, now it's already one week off and they, the doctor told me this past week they just add the things on to the end of my normal schedule, you know. So, it pushed it back already one week now. So,
Nurse: Yeah. Now, your surgery, what, what surgery are you
Patient: Getting? I'm just doing the, I'm just doing the lumpectomy. Ok. I, I, that's what I, I, well, I did, they didn't make an appointment with, uh, um, doctor, you know, that, um, mm, oh, plastic surgeon, you know, that would do reconstructive surgery if I would have chosen the mastectomy. Right. But, uh, when he was telling me the options between, you know, you can use your own tissue, you can do, um, a saline bag or whatever they use, you know, and, and when he was explaining all these things, he said that they would put a, put a thing in to save the space, like, you know, a stretcher and then they would put this saline bag in. Generally they leak after five years. He said, um, takes about four hours for that surgery if you choose your own body fat or whatever to replace them, which is more natural looking. That's about a 10 hour surgery. And I thought I'm already [PHI-Personal]. Why do I want to put myself through all of that?
Nurse: Right. Right. Yeah, that's a lot, 10 hour surgery. That's crazy.
Patient: It is. Yeah. That's because they remove all the blood vessels and everything from that fat, you know, before they, before
Nurse: They can put it up.
Patient: Yeah. Moving to the right. So I chose the lumpectomy. I'm just gonna go from there and, and that's what my husband said. He said, what do you wanna bother with all that for? You know?
Nurse: Yeah. So, and no, I agree.
Patient: Mm. So, that's what I chose. but either way it's, everything's pushed back a week now.
Nurse: Yeah. Well, yeah, let's just fingers cross that everything goes well this week. Um, and, you know, you'll be able to go in there and get a treatment then. Uh huh.
Patient: So, ok. Well, I think what I will do is call over though and tell them I'm coming and then I will, um, stop and get my cranberry juice.
Nurse: Yeah, I think that
Patient: And, uh, and then I'll think about something for supper.
Nurse: Yeah. Um, how is, uh, how's your husband doing?
Patient: He's doing ok. You know, he's not taking his chemo pills right now either because, um, the Penn Foundation where we get our grant from for, um, the copay. Yeah, they closed down there. Uh, they shut down for a while. Anyway, our copay had, uh, I just had gotten a letter that our copay was to expire and, uh, usually the specialty pharmacy at the guy singer always fills out the paperwork and gets the copay for us. And of course, they closed everything down. So we have no copay so he can't get the, we're not getting that. He's not taking the, uh, Imbruvica right now and they're gonna let it go for a while. They, they'll keep checking his blood work and they're just gonna let him go off of the Imbruvica for a while as long as his, uh, numbers stay decent, you know, and hopefully the foundation will open up because I did call them. I have a number with their paperwork that I have for them and I got his name back on the waiting list and she said, check your emails though every twice a day because as soon as it opens up, it's first come first serve, you know, and she said you want to see if it opens up that you can get in there and get, get a grant approved form and I'm sure they're doing that at the specialty pharmacy also.
Nurse: Yeah, I'm sure. Yeah.
Patient: So, anyway, that's where we're at with him. His numbers are good right now. The only thing that went down was his platelet count. As soon as he went off, the improving, his platelets were like, oh, hovering around 100 somewhere in that area and they dropped down to 42. 0, wow. Ok. So he has to be, he has instructions from his doctor to be, he had a dentist appointment to have some teeth pulled to have a, he had a bridge from an incident that he had when he was younger and this bridge broke and the teeth around it had decayed. So they can't put a new bridge in. They have to make a partial plate for him. But there are some roots that have to come out doctor last week when he saw the doctor at the guy saying the doctor said, don't, he said, don't even think about going to the dentist to have any teeth pulled. No, he said, he said with your platelet count at 42 he said, no dentist is gonna even want to touch your mouth. He said, so, so anyway, we have to wait until his platelet count goes back up. He has an appointment on the [PHI-Personal] of [PHI-Personal]. Maybe until then it'll, you know, things will be better. Hopefully that he, that he can have, that he could have that taken care of anyway because he's missing four teeth in the front. It's kinda hard for him to chew things. Yeah. So,
Nurse: Ok, any change to
Patient: Other than that he's doing good, you know,
Nurse: I did see his A one C was, um, still pretty
Patient: High. Yeah, it's still pretty high. They put him on another, another drug yet. I forget what it was though.
Nurse: No,
Patient: As far he was taking. No, it's, um, when I look Tema TEM solo or something like that.
Nurse: Uh, that's for
Patient: Prostate. That's for prostate.
Nurse: Ok. That must be the Tradjenta.
Patient: Yes, that's what it is, it's Tradjenta. Now, when he had to have the [PHI-Geographic] refilled. Now, this is the first we're getting it from the center will call us and said he has to get approval for that one first. So we haven't heard back from that one yet whether they'll give him the [PHI-Geographic] or not. No. So, I don't know. Well,
Nurse: Let me know if, if they say they won't. Um, we have medication assistance programs in place that we can. Um, it's kind of a process basically, what we'll do is I'll put the request in. Um, and then the gentleman that handles that with our company will send you guys the, um, paperwork to fill out and then you send it in. Oh, ok. So, I mean, it does take a little bit, you know, a week or two, but just know that there is assistance programs that we can help you with if for some reason that, you know, he's not able to get that. So sometimes we can go straight to the source, you know, the manufacturer who makes the [PHI-Geographic] and get assistance that way.
Patient: Well, sometimes that's what they do with the chemo pills too and I know that said that they have people working on that also trying to get to the company to, to get him the [PHI-Geographic] pills without the, you know, direct. So, I don't know, we'll see. But anyway, I haven't heard back yet. He needed a refill on his BP medicine, plus the [PHI-Geographic] and I called over last week and they send it to the guy singer and we did get a call from them that he needed to have a, they needed, needed to do approval for the [PHI-Geographic] and that we would probably be hearing from them, but I haven't heard anything yet.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. Um, all right. Well, I think what I'll do is I'm gonna reach back out to you on Friday just to check in, see how you're doing, see how everything went on Thursday. Um, if you need anything in the meantime, you know, don't hesitate to call and then, yeah, I haven't, she hasn't read. Oh, here it is. Ok. Actually she just messaged me doctor just messaged and said, yeah, you can drop off, um, go ahead and drop a sample off.
Patient: Ok. Well, I don't have anything to put a sample in. So I'll have to just go in there and, and, uh, give them one while I'm there, I guess.
Nurse: Yeah, you can do that or you can boil a jar. Oh,
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: I, you know, yeah, you can boil a jar and do it that way. Um, or you can just go in whatever you want. The, the only problem with that is there's always the, the risk of it becoming contaminated if you're not properly cleaned before you urinate or anything like that, but just know that you can do that. Yeah. Um, or you can just give them one. I think at least they'll give you, they'll give you the wipes there, you know.
Patient: Yeah, I think I'll, I'll just stop in. I had done that before I just stopped in there and gave a sample and then, and I left and then they contacted me later, whatever.
Nurse: So perfect. Ok. Yeah. So they, they are expecting you. So go ahead and do that, um, whenever it suits you and ok, if you need anything between now and Friday, don't hesitate to call. Ok,
Patient: Thank you so much. All
Nurse: Right, Elaine, you're welcome. Take care you have a good one. Thanks. You too. Bye bye.
