Nurse: Let's see. Omeprazole. Oh, so it looks like the issue is the diagnosis expired and he needs to update it.
Patient: I know, like I said, I saw him on Monday and everything was same. Ok.
Nurse: Is that the only one that you're having the issue with getting what? With the other ones? Ok.
Patient: Yeah, that's the only one I've had issues uh you know, getting, but um my other issue is that he didn't put us uh you know, I the initial refills fine, but he didn't put a second one which I would need before I go back to see him because I go every six months and I've only got like a 90 day supply, right? He didn't usually he gives me one refill.
Nurse: So with that, unfortunately, um if he sends another refill now your insurance isn't going to cover it and the pharmacy will just get rid of the script. Yeah.
Patient: Um Yes, I understand. I'll have to wait probably until I, yeah, need it again and then have contact doctor again.
Nurse: And then at that time, um I would remind them that, you know, because you do see him every six months that you need at least one refill on all those scripts um to get you through.
Patient: But I know that I said they sent me an email on this particular one that they got on hold.
Nurse: Right. So I will, I'm gonna send a message over to doctor and ask him to update that diagnosis and send a new script over to the pharmacy. Um, so they can get that out to you as soon as possible.
Patient: Ok. And that's through uh Caremark is where? Ok.
Nurse: I'll make sure it gets sent to CV S Caremark. I'll have them update the diagnosis and we'll, we'll get that out. Ok? Oh,
Patient: Thank you so much [PHI-Personal]. I'm sitting here thinking, what am I going to do, you know?
Nurse: Right.
Patient: I, I understand. I don't need to worry about my, you know, not having my meds,
Nurse: So. Right. Absolutely. So let me I'll get that fixed um and we'll get that new script out for you. Ok?
Patient: Ok. Thank you very much.
Nurse: You're very welcome. You take care.
Patient: Ok, bye bye.
Nurse: Mm bye bye. Oh.
