Nurse: Oh, no, I'm, I'm good. Good. Ok.
Patient: Um, hey, um, I, I'll give you my BP and all of that information if you wanna take that now. But the main reason I'm calling, uh, it's kind of been getting worse and worse. Uh, I had, um, but my knee, my right knee has been bothering me a lot almost to the point where, you know, I, I, if I keep Tylenol down and keep, uh, some aspirin cream on it, I can keep exercising, keep exercising. Um, but what, what it does, I mean, I, the knee itself hurts but then, but it spasms, uh, in the, um, the muscle, I say behind that deca, you know, even radiating up from the, from the, behind the deca and even down. Um, and, you know, when I put my, uh, hand on there and kind of press on that. I could, I could feel the muscle spasm and that brought up muscle spasm. How
Nurse: Far up and how far below the kneecap does it radiate?
Patient: Well, um, probably, um, maybe six inches above my kneecap and sometimes it will radiate down to my ankle almost and kind of get that. But it's always kind of a dull achy
Nurse: Pain, a dull ache. Right. And, and is it constant?
Patient: Um, no. Um, like I said, if I keep, uh, Tylenol down, uh, that makes a big difference.
Nurse: Are you doing any ice on it?
Patient: Uh, actually I'm doing just the opposite. I put heat on it.
Nurse: All right. Um, try doing both. Ok. So, um, do 20 minutes heat then or, or I'm sorry? Yeah. Yeah, 20 minutes heat, 20 minutes ice, um, alternating. Um, you can do that a couple times a day because the ice is gonna, the ice is gonna take down any inflammation and then the heat is going to bring, um, you know, blood into the area, which is gonna help with, you know, bringing in the pain relief, um, to it, it's gonna help relax it. Um, so by alternating, that might be helpful as well as the Tylenol. How much Tylenol are you doing per day? Well,
Patient: Um, if, if I use the arthritis strength that they last eight hours and it's almost, it's almost like clock work at about 7.5 hours, you know, I can feel it start to come back in and I think, well, yeah, it is, uh, it is wearing off.
Nurse: And do you have, do you have any issues where you're on where you can't take any, like Ibuprofen? Because Tylenol, I mean, uh, Tylenol arthritis does take down a little bit of inflammation but it's mostly the acetaminophen. Um, so that's not too much of an anti-inflammatory. Um So sometimes you're having the, the spasms because of the inflammations causing, you know, the everything to tighten up and you will start to have spasms. Um So is there, is there any way you're able to take anything like Ibuprofen or Advil? Is, do you have any reason why you're unable to do that?
Patient: Yeah, the, the doctor said uh Tylenol is about the only thing I could take. Ok, I, I did and I did Google some of the other uh pain relief uh because it's usually just uh an liquid gel Advil but works quick and, and fast. Uh but that's uh it, it, it kind of if you have heart conditions that so, yeah, I think I, I think I am stuck with Tylenol. Um And now, you know, maybe, um uh you know, I don't wanna sound like a hypochondriac or anything. But, um you know, with my prescription drugs, uh Walmart gave me all a list of the side effects and, and in, in the back of my mind. Um, there's, there's two of them that I read through that could give muscle spasm and joint pain. And that's another thing. My, my hips have been bothering me, uh, my, the joints and on my knee. Um, you know, and I'm, you know, I can't say that they never have given me problems in the past. But, um, um, yeah. Um, but, you know, it's not been an issue. Um, ok. Um, if it,
Nurse: If the statin is one of them, that would be something that would, you would get in the very beginning that subsides after about a month or so after taking the statin. Um So if you've been taking that a while, I wouldn't, I wouldn't contribute that to your spasms or your, your um your joint pain. Um
Patient: Because I'm taking the, I've been taking the statin for, you know, about about five weeks now,
Nurse: Five weeks. Ok. Ok. So that could be a, a con con contribution to it. So usually it takes about 44 to 4 to 8 weeks for that to subside with the joint pain. Um But usually we'll take it will, it can cause that, but it usually subsides after about a month or two of taking the, the statin and, and I mean, you wanna look at the alternative of not taking it, you know, you know, could lead to stroke or heart attack, you know what I mean? Um
Patient: So there was, I didn't know if there was other options other than the statin available or not.
Nurse: Um, they usually would, would, would ask you just to try to, at least, um, you know, you're already six weeks through it. I mean, if it started and did you, did you say it just started, or it's been since you started taking it, you've been having the joint pain?
Patient: Um, I would say it, it, it's getting progressively worse.
Nurse: Ok. Well, you are doing the, um, the exercising more now too. Correct with the, uh, the, the, uh, the cardiac rehab.
Patient: Yeah, fact we're there now. Yeah. Um, um, yeah, in, in two weeks we'll be heading back to a two weeks. Uh, yeah, that would be leaving here the [PHI-Personal] and so that, that, uh, sitting in the car that muscle spasms worse.
Nurse: Absolutely. And I, I'm gonna send a message to, um, doctor is off week. So, um, I'm gonna go ahead and send a message probably, I think over to [PHI-Personal] his P A and, um, and see if there's any direction she wants to give you, uh, as far as what you should do, but I would definitely try the ice and the heat together. Um, that might give you a little bit more relief as far as the spasms go. Um, but how, how the blood pressure's been ok though.
Patient: Um, the BP has been slightly high but not terrible. That could
Nurse: Be due to the joint pain as well. You know what I mean, any pain that you associated could, could cause a rise in the BP but keeping an eye on, you're keeping an eye on your salt in your diet and everything like that now as well. Yes.
Patient: Um, and my blood blood sugar, I can give you those if you want,
Nurse: But the blood sugars, I'm not concerned. We went through those last time. They seem pretty perfect to me. Um, and, and I, I want you to still keep an eye on them, you know, just make sure everything is still, you know, still going good. But as long as, as long as you're doing, well, we, we can, um, keep on that, but I, I would like a few of the pressures just to see where you're at. And I, and I'm also advised that that's going to, you know, that's also, um, could be a part of the, the pain that you're experiencing as well. They are a little elevated.
Patient: Sure. Um, you want me to give you those? Yes. Yeah. Ok. Uh, this morning, um, it was 1 33/84 64.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: Uh then a 1 36/86 with a pulse of 56
Nurse: That second reading this morning.
Patient: Uh, no, no. Uh, that was yesterday. Ok. That's pretty much one a day. Pretty much.
Nurse: Ok, great. That's,
Patient: That's all you need. Um, and then I had a 1 49/86. Ok. Um I had one to, yeah, 1 27. Uh I'm sorry, 76.
Nurse: All right.
Patient: Ok, then I had a 1 27/81. A pulse of pulse of 74. Uh I had a 1 33/81 with a pulse of 73. I had a 1 32/90 which is a 59 and now we're starting to get into some little higher ones um, at a 1 50/85. And for some reason I did not write down the pulse, uh, but I checked it a little later in the day and it was 1 20/80. Um, then the day before I had 1 41/84 with a pulse of 61. And, uh, then I had a real high one, but it was a really stressful day. I had a 1 76/97. Uh, um, I did check it a couple of times after that and it was down a little bit, 1 45/1 031 45/88. Um, but that was a really stressful day. I don't remember exactly, but I did notate there then after that, they all seemed pretty, pretty, pretty good. I think maybe I've given you some of those prior, prior to that.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, those other ones at 1 76/97. I mean, you already know what you've gone through. So, we. Yeah, definitely. Um, if you have that, I want you to call the doctor's office, um, because I'm sure they have an on call, uh, especially if it's after hours when I'm here. Um, after 4 30 because I just want him to give you direction because even going from 1 76 to 1 45 that's still high, that's still too high. Um, he said, you know, the 103 on the bottom, that's, that's, I don't want, I don't want you to have another episode. Um, and I understand stress and, you know, pain and all that, but that's even still a little high for even a stressful situation. Um, that's, it's like definitely in the dangerous level. Uh, so if that, if that happens again, I want you to definitely call the office, you know, and even if it's after hours, you know, call the office and they'll give you the on call number for someone. Um, you weren't having any signs or anything of any, any, um, were you having any symptoms at that time? Any headaches? Um, uh, I don't
Patient: Think so. Ok. Ok.
Nurse: Yeah, it just, it just concerns me, you know, that, that, that kind of number. Um, but it looks like, you know, it's, it's coming down since then, but like I said, too, definitely the pain and the spasms is gonna affect your BP, everything affects your BP. Um, so I'm gonna see if she has any, any other directions for me, for you to, um, uh, for that, for that knee. Um, you said that's been going on for how long? Now the, the knee, the knee pain? Let me see what is
Patient: Going on? A couple weeks, three
Nurse: Weeks, three weeks. All right. Is there any, is there anything that helps relieve that?
Patient: Well, um, like I said, what I normally do, I, uh, if I keep, uh, Tylenol down that makes a big difference. I do have some cream
Nurse: That I. Yeah try that as well if that will
Patient: Help and that and that does seem to help. I do the two usually all the you know. Ok. Yeah yeah it's probably been longer than three weeks um but but it seems like it's been getting worse. Um
Nurse: Yeah so it's been I I will let her know that too. Getting worse. Yeah I don't want you to be uncomfortable in the car. You said you're coming back in two weeks? Do you have access for
Patient: Two week? No, we're leaving down here the [PHI-Personal]. My cardio rehab in [PHI-Geographic] starts on the uh [PHI-Personal]. Uh so that'll give us a week to get back.
Nurse: Ok, rehab p starts. What what starts [PHI-Personal]? You said you're leaving the [PHI-Personal] and his rehab starts what day?
Patient: On the [PHI-Personal]? 20? Alright. It'll be a lot easier to deal with this when I'm you know, back in the area.
Nurse: Yeah, absolutely. And if you had to give me a pain level when it's getting those spasms. What would you give me one out of 10, 10 being the worst pain you've ever had. And one being a simple annoyance.
Patient: And, um, I'm gonna say a five, I know that that 1 to 10 scale is, is a tough one.
Nurse: Yeah, I mean, it's subjective, you know. So, I mean, I, we can't, we can't tell how people's pain threshold is so you know that's why we just try to do a general general pain scale so I mean if it's it's if it's definitely not the worst you you know like dying pain but um yeah that's pretty bad. Five out of 10 is is is substantial and something we need to check into see if we can do something for you um even for short term um just to get you through especially this this long car ride um and that that's where I'm concerned because that that's that's just gonna it's gonna just really feel bad just having to sit there and deal with it the whole time um so.
Patient: Mhm. And I and I do have a knee brace that I put on you do have a brace. Ok. Yeah especially when I'm exercising.
Nurse: Alright. Alright I'm gonna I'm gonna send uh [PHI-Personal] all this information I'm gonna give you a call back in a little while. [PHI-Personal] as soon as I get a a response from from her. Ok. And, uh, I'll let you know what she wants, wants you to do.
Patient: Yeah. And, um, I am just probably, uh, half an hour away from starting my cardiac rehab. So, if I don't answer the phone, I can call you back or you,
Nurse: What time do you usually get done with it? Because she, I, I mean, I probably won't get a response immediately. I mean, it'll probably be a little, I'm sure she's seeing patients.
Patient: Yeah, quarter after [PHI-Personal], something like that.
Nurse: [PHI-Personal] 15, done rehab. All right, I will call you back today and let you know, um, what, what the plan is gonna be? Ok. Sounds good. Thank
Patient: You. How come
Nurse: It was? It was not the greatest. I'll tell you that we, we were in, uh, right outside of [PHI-Geographic] and we, we, we're making, you know, we, we took, we stopped every day. It took about four days to get here. Um, but we, we're just doing so good. Got down to [PHI-Geographic]. We're gonna stay there at night anyways got 30 miles out. Heavy construction blew out two tires on my driver's side. Yeah, so, and then six other people behind me blew out tires as well. So we're all pulled over on the side of the road waiting for tow trucks. I mean, that was the worst part. So if that's the worst part, then it's ok. I mean, it cost me 400 bucks for the tires and 100 and 50 for the tow. But I mean, we made it down here on Saturday. So it was, it was, it was, it was, could have been worse. It was, it was not bad.
Patient: Well, now you can settle in and kind of relax.
Nurse: That's what we're trying to do. I'm glad you're back to work though. Get back on routine.
Patient: Well, take care, [PHI-Personal]. Thank you for your
Nurse: Help. Oh, you're welcome. We'll s we'll talk soon. Ok. Bye bye.
