Nurse: You're goofy.
Patient: Yeah. Oh, a
Nurse: New medication?
Patient: Well, they started me on this or whatever it's called. Ok. And the second day I just, I had taken, it came down to 82. Your blood sugar. Yeah. Ok. Then, then the next day, ok, I get all real, uh, sweaty and, you know, like light headed light. Yeah, I got some [PHI-Personal] right? A eat it right away. Ok. Ok. So the next day it was down to 70. Ok. And I said, nope, I ain't gonna take it. I ain't gonna jeopardize my, what
Nurse: Was the medication again? I wasn't familiar with the new one. Was it the Jardiance?
Patient: I was, I was on Metformin. They took me off. Yeah,
Nurse: That I know. Yeah. Ok.
Patient: Then they want to charge on the service or whoever it's called? Ok. And, uh, it cost me 600 some dollars for every three months.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: So I, I said no, no, No, no, that's, that's a, no, no. Oh yeah. So we let that go and he started me on and we started me on this L OK. And that's what uh I took it for three days and I called, I called and I says, hey, I'm not gonna do it. I said uh my uh sugar is way down too low. OK. So what I'm gonna do, I'm gonna, you, I want you to um, check this out, talk to doctor, uh, [PHI-Personal]. I read some, I read something called Ikar A. Have you? Ok. And it's, uh, FDA approved. Ok. Uh huh. And also, uh, it's a weight, it's a weight supplement. It's all herbal. Ok. So all horrible. And, uh, what I'm gonna say is, uh, it also will bring my sugar levels down. It said.
Nurse: Ok. And you're talking about it? Invokana, right? It's Invokan A
Patient: IA, it's, uh IK A [PHI-Personal],
Nurse: IK A [PHI-Personal]. Let me look that up real quick. He said an herbal supplement. I never heard of it.
Patient: You go online you'll find out, uh, and then you read it all has good all results. I mean, it's a herbal. Uh, ok. Ok.
Nurse: Yeah. Let me see. Spell it one more time for me. So I make sure I have the right medication.
Patient: IK A [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Hm. [PHI-Personal] Night. Now, is this something a prescription or something you found, um, over the counter like a supplemental.
Patient: Uh, it came across, uh, on the internet. Ok. And what it does is it helps your weight loss. It's a main, mainly a weight loss. I think if I do lose weight, uh, my sugar will come down too. It
Nurse: Will, it will. Um, I'm looking at it right now. Yeah. Let me just confirm with Doctor [PHI-Personal]. Make sure he's good with that for you to start that. I don't, the only problem we have with the is we don't know if it interacts with other medications. Um, but I can look and see if there's any, um, anything about that.
Patient: Yeah. Well, I'm, what I'm saying is, you know, uh, I wanted to try that have like a little ner, uh, a little, uh, um, try it for like, 30 days or 60 days. See how my, and I monitor my sugar. Ok. I mean, I got to try that once and maybe I don't have to use that medication or other medications. What
Nurse: Was your last A one [PHI-Account], do you remember? Let me see if I have it. Um, I was curious because you start to really, uh,
Patient: I hate to be, I hate,
Nurse: Yeah, it was in [PHI-Personal], it was 6.0 which is actually pretty good. Um, how were your blood sugars? Just for a baseline when you were taking Metformin? What was the average reading, would you say?
Patient: [PHI-Account]?
Nurse: Ok. And then after you out, what's that called?
Patient: After I took that Metformin I was running that I oh that average all the way through. OK. Maybe, maybe a couple of points higher. But uh I gonna say uh I was OK on it then they started me on this, this and it took my sugar way down low. OK. And it took it down too low. OK. And that's why I said about this. And uh also I can II I monitor that. I monitor that the, the sugar thing. Ok. If that's, you know, if that'll work or not.
Nurse: Yeah. Let me. So, did you tell doctor [PHI-Personal] that you weren't gonna take that one medication? He knows about that.
Patient: I told him, I said I'm not gonna take it. Ok. And it, they said when they told me about it prescribed it, they said if it gets, uh, uh, gets below 80 don't take it. Ok? And they knew about it before they even send it. Yeah. So it's experiment and I, I thought, I, uh, let's put it this way. I thought if I go and, uh, try this. Mhm. And, uh, if it doesn't work I can stop it. Yeah,
Nurse: I'm just looking at the ingredients right now to see if anything would interact with what you already have going on with your medications and, um, your comorbidities and it looks like it's mostly all natural, it looks like so far. But I'll keep looking at it for you just to make sure there's nothing that's gonna pop up sub supplements. Let me look at your meds real quick. Are you taking any antidepressants?
Patient: No, no. Um, uh, now I got, now yesterday I had to go up to, I went up to doctor, uh, then again by my knee.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: Um, uh, how can I say? Uh, now my sugar is, uh, 1 52 this morning. Ok. Now, I don't know if that triggered it all, but I was eating a lot of [PHI-Personal] yesterday. I just wanted to bring my blood, uh, sugar up a little bit. Ok. From, uh, uh, I hope you understand what I'm trying to
Nurse: Do. Yeah. Yeah. So I brought it up to the one fifties. If you're having that episode where you're feeling shaky, the dizziness and you know, your blood sugar is running a tad bit low. You really only need one piece of [PHI-Personal] and then just eat something afterwards like you normally would. Yeah. The they would give you a lot of sugar real fast if you're dropping real low. So say if you're like heading towards being unconscious, like ems would pack your mouth full of sugar. You don't have to do that if you're running in the seventies, eighties, but you're feeling the effects just do a little piece of [PHI-Personal]. Get that in you just to bring your blood sugar high enough. So you feel better and then get some real food in you.
Patient: Well, see I'm gonna be [PHI-Personal] uh, I'm starting, uh, coach bus driving, coach bus again. Ok. And I don't wanna have that episode going on. That's fine. I'm driving.
Nurse: Ok. I wanna be on candies all day though. Just, uh, because that will bring your sugars up. Um, make sure before you get on the bus that you have a good meal. So, a good meal is something, a good sandwich. Nothing too high in carbs, but it has a lot of good protein. So I always recommend for people on the go is a protein bar to take that with you. Mhm. If that's something that you actually like eating, the reason is it has a lot of good carbs in it. Sustainable carbs. So if your blood sugar starts to drop, you can take a little piece of [PHI-Personal] but then eat the protein bar afterwards to get your, your sugars back up. And so you don't spike high and then drop again because sometimes with eating too much [PHI-Personal] that can happen. Ok. Does that make sense?
Patient: Yeah.
Nurse: So, yeah, you could do both. Certainly.
Patient: But I, I'm gonna try this once to see how it works out.
Nurse: Ok. I will let Doctor [PHI-Personal] know. I'll keep looking at the medication that you wanna start, just make sure there's no interactions and I'll give you a call back. Ok, [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Ok. That sounds good. Ok.
Nurse: Anything else going on? Is it just
Patient: That? No? Ok. No, no, no, no.
Nurse: All right, I'll be calling you back then if you don't hear from me today, I'm off tomorrow so I should follow up on Thursday.
Patient: All right. Ok, sound good. Alright, sounds
Nurse: Good. All right, thanks [PHI-Personal]. You have a good day.
Patient: You too. Bye bye bye.
