Nurse: Do you know what the practice is called? No, I don't. Ok.
Patient: And when you call ing all they give you was the main number and you gotta try to figure it out from there and I have a piece of paper somewhere. I'm gonna look to see what it says because one, they had me scheduled for two different appointments at the same time. They had me scheduled for an, uh, NT audiology and Balance [PHI-Personal] all in the same day.
Nurse: Oh, goodness.
Patient: And I'm like, and at the same time I was like, how do they not see that? This is a,
Nurse: So you had, um, a consult with or your appointments with who today? Oto Balance
Patient: [PHI-Personal]?
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: And I need to schedule the audio, I need the hearing test rescheduled and I need the Balance [PHI-Personal] rescheduled one. I don't think I should be in there all up in their face when I'm still recovering from this flu and then I don't know if you heard my, my voice the way my voice sounded when I messaged when I called in this morning. But that's what I'm dealing with every morning. I'm talking about hoarseness. Like I can bare. I barely have a voice when I wake up in the
Nurse: Morning. Yeah.
Patient: And it's just a little, I mean, it's a little troubling. I just wanna make sure I'm not in any danger, sickness wise, like there's not something deeper wrong, you know. You know how my anxiety messes with me.
Nurse: Yeah, I understand. Do you wanna be seen in the office?
Patient: Oh, I don't, I don't know if, do I need to be, do I need to be? Is the question? Um, well,
Nurse: It's, I mean, it's gonna be determined about how you feel. You know, I can only ad advice so much being on the phone and just listening to you. I mean, it's, it's you gonna have to know your own body if you feel like something's going on more than just, you know, your gastric reflux acting up or you're not feeling well, you're getting cold symptoms or you're just still recovering from your viral illness. You had a week or so ago.
Patient: I'm wondering, I'm, I'm really, I don't feel sick in any way. That's the thing I don't feel under the weather. I just keep waking up with this hoarseness and this, like, dryness down in my throat and chest So, it's like,
Nurse: Have you tried allergy, have you tried like an allergy pill? I haven't. Ok. Maybe try that and see if that. Um, I mean, you might be having some, some drainage down your throat and still recovering from the flu with those symptoms, congestion, cough. You know what I mean? Sore throat. You've kind of had a lot going on in the last two weeks. So, I mean, you sound, you know, you sound good. You're not having major issues. I don't, I don't feel like it's, you know, urgent. I feel like you can watch it for a little bit, but if it does get worse, you know. Yeah, absolutely. Follow up and um be seen in the office. Ok.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: Well, and I I'm gonna try to, I just, I need to just know what location where your appointment is at because I, I can't see that to be able to call and cancel it. I,
Patient: I believe it's in the clinic and I thought I, I thought I had the piece of they send you um, you know what? Hold on. Let me look at my, my chart real quick cause that might help me figure it out.
Nurse: Is that like an app?
Patient: Yeah.
Nurse: Ok, because you might be able to just cancel it right on the app. That's
Patient: What I'm thinking. Oh yeah, it go in my chart. Let me type it in here. Ok, my chart there it is. Ok. Huh. Um it just really bugs me out. It's just uh just anxiety. Just severe anxiety is so crippling that it's like I'm on the phone with you every day. You might as well be my new best friend.
Nurse: So, are you taking your X? Are you taking your Xanax? Is it helpful?
Patient: Um I haven't taken the Xanax in like a couple of days last week. I didn't take it at all. Ok. But I ended up taking something on Sunday so I have, that was the last time I took something. Ok, so here it is it's with doctor [PHI-Personal]
Nurse: Ok. What's his phone
Patient: Number? It's supposed to be the um the Balance [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: So is that the balance doctor? Doctor?
Patient: No, that is, is my en
Nurse: T ok. And what time was your appointment today
Patient: Is uh [PHI-Account]?
Nurse: Ok. And you, you're not gonna be able to go, right?
Patient: No. Mm.
Nurse: Does it have a phone number?
Patient: Yeah, I have a phone number for him but I also need to schedule a hearing test and I need to schedule for the dizzy clinic. Ok. Ok. And they're, they're all like right in the same area. Hold on, let me look for doctor [PHI-Personal] number. [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal] ok. It's 57. O2 716429 is the number I have and I'm not sure if that's the main number but it's ent doctor [PHI-Personal] ok. So I need, and I need to reschedule that balance center and hearing test.
Nurse: All right, I'm gonna call the ent to cancel that and get you a new appointment. Is there a, can you make any day and time,
Patient: Um, any day except for Mondays or Thursdays? Ok.
Nurse: All right. I'm gonna do that just because that's some of the most urgency because it's due, it's due today. Um, and then later on today I want you to call to schedule your appointment for the balance and your hearing test. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Will do
Nurse: Um and I'll call you back with um and this ent appointment was to do what?
Patient: I don't know, I didn't even know I had a ent appointment. That's what I mean I'm supposed to have a balance center appointment. Ok.
Nurse: Well, it might be connected, I'm not sure.
Patient: Yeah I I think it is because the only reason I need to go to the balance center is because of the ear surgery I had.
Nurse: So. Ok
Patient: And you said something about realign the crystals? Yeah, in my head or whatever.
Nurse: All right, let me give them a call because it's going on 8 30 get that canceled and I'll call you back with a new appointment and you're alright. Thank you. Birth date. Tell me your birth date. [PHI-Personal]
Patient: [PHI-Account]
Nurse: Four. Ok. All right, I'll call you back soon. Ok. Alright, honey bye. Ok, bye.
