Nurse: Oh, no, no, I wouldn't have done that on you. I'm glad I got you back. But, um, yeah. Ok. So, so where you're at now is you're waiting on to get another scan? Is that what you're saying?
Patient: No, I got that done. Now, I'm going now, I've got to wait to go on. What did, what day did you say? The fifth?
Nurse: Uh, the second? Actually, that's, that's pretty, pretty soon. Um, it's on Wednesday. Ok. Ok. I just wanted to clarify that. That, that's what you, that's your upcoming
Patient: Back. I guess that lady said that after, with the dial, like they'd be able to tell if it was something with the large intestine or if it was the spine.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. That's good because that will, you know, the dye helps to kind of show them more like detail than, you know, the other scans you might have had. So, um, they, they may have that back and they just maybe didn't tell you yet. I'm just thinking because sometimes when it's something like that, they will wait until the appointment to, you know, go through, through things with you and discuss it rather than, I
Patient: Just figured if that lady seen something crazy, she would have called. She actually called me on a Sunday when she said, listen, you gotta go get another one. There's something not right. Oh wow. I was surprised that she called me on a Sunday. She said, I'm sorry for calling you. She said, but listen, something ain't right. You gotta go in there and get another one.
Nurse: Sure,
Patient: Sure. I didn't care if it was Sunday. Oh
Nurse: My goodness. Right. You just wanna get this taken care
Patient: Of. And that's what, that's what I said. And you know, that was the next thing when and then I came home and like a couple of days later, Lance's office called and then I went in to see [PHI-Personal] told him and he was looking over it and he says, man, he says, you know, he says some people would have thought you were faking the pain. He says, but listen, there's no way you can fake this pain.
Nurse: No, I said, that's
Patient: What I've been trying to tell everybody. It, that's how I mean it, it really hurt.
Nurse: Oh, my goodness. Oh. And I know we've been pushing because I, uh, I, of course, believe you, I know [PHI-Personal] does but it's hard sometimes when, you know, you're trying to explain and it doesn't necessarily, you know, um, always get taken seriously, uh, you know, not that it's just kind of a health care system in general, but that's no excuse, you know. Um,
Patient: But like, I can feel like a difference in my head. Like, I didn't know if it was from all the tension just like, pulling in my neck. Then I'm, like, feeling like I'm in a different, like, time zone. Like I'm just like,
Nurse: Oh, goodness.
Patient: So, yeah, it, it sucks. But,
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, I was hoping that I knew you probably weren't doing too well based on the notes that I saw and, you know, I just wanted, I'm glad we got to, to talk to,
Patient: I'm hurting, gonna hurt myself because, like, I'm not used to not doing something. Like I, I can wake up and go feed my animals or carry a bale of hay or anything. I can't do crap. Like, I can't find nothing and it just kills me.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. I know. It's a different adjustment, being able to, to not be able to do those things and trying to find ways to kind of keep your mind from kinda spiraling, you know, has been
Patient: My life, like, ever since I was a little boy. Like, II, I told my wife, I feel like I'm done. Like I don't think I'm ever, you know, another one. My don't know if I could.
Nurse: Oh, yeah, I'm so sorry to hear you're going through all this. And, um, I, I would suggest, you know, if you have like specific, I know they'll obviously review everything with you, but sometimes it helps to write down specific questions, you know, things that are going through your mind. So that way you can take them with you to this appointment and you know, um make sure you get everything covered.
Patient: Keep getting like it. Like I, you know, I told you about that before. That could be from my anxiety. I don't know, but it gets me. So last night my mom left to take daughter trick or treat and the baby stayed home with me. We were just sitting there watching cartoons and bang just like that. It hit me like for no reason all week it's been like that I was sitting in the house crying and bullshit and like just felt like, like I'm not good enough anymore, like my life's over. I but you my head.
Nurse: Right. Right. No, I have
Patient: Much time sitting in the house like my brain has nothing to do. Like I'm just get to me. Right.
Nurse: Right. No, of course. Definitely. And so
Patient: Then I had to just either take the Ativan and keep myself from having a major panic attack feeling where my heart's blowing out. Mhm. Don't take the Ativan and take something for the pain.
Nurse: Right. Right. Yeah. Yeah. No, I'll
Patient: Be honest, it was the van I took the Ativan because I was, it was just the worst week ever.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. No, absolutely. I think it's important for you to utilize that right now. You know, in the meantime, with everything else going on and, you know, trying to, to, you're still in the process of not knowing and until you get a little bit more answers, it makes sense that you would be, you know, ha having these anxiety, you know, flare ups right now. So do you feel
Patient: Like, absolutely don't take Ativan with this medication? So I'm like, oh then I ain't taking Ativan with this stuff.
Nurse: Oh, you mean the, the um the oxyCODONE? Is that what you're saying? And
Patient: I think they had that on the pills from the, whatever the hospital gave me a couple different types of pills?
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. What they wanna make sure is that you don't um sedate yourself to the point where you're gonna have an issue and you're not going to like be able to wake up. They're worried about what happens with these meds as you get, you know, it can suppress because it calm, it's calming you down along with the pain medicine is suppressing your respiratory drive. So that's what, you know, your, you know, ability to take, you know, breathe in enough oxygen. So that's kind of what they're, they're worried about with that. So I, I would say, you know, if you're, you're needing the Ativan, definitely, you know, take it you're on a 0.5 mg. So it's not very, very high, you know, but um you could just spread it out a little bit just to see how you, you know, react to it. So say if you're needing to take your Ativan and it's, you know, help to relax you and you need your pain medicine later on, you can still take, you know, you can still take them in the same day. Maybe just, you know, spread it out a little bit.
Patient: Right. Right. Well, I just try not to take it because I have enough issues.
Nurse: Yeah. But
Patient: Like I said, sometimes that's what I tell my mom. I just, yeah, I just said to my, I say to my mom, like, it's just like, sometimes I don't feel like t anymore. It's just like, II, I let so much go to my head. Yeah, I just know what I've been doing. I've been going on reading like, poems and stuff that people wrote because I used to write a bunch of it, but I can't write them no more. No lot. Oh,
Nurse: Well, that's, I was going to ask you if you had, you know, if you liked reading or something like that, but I'm not
Patient: Really, but usually when I get in these goofy states of mind. I used to be able to write, like, really good. Like, yeah, fine. But now, I don't know, I tried the other night and I just couldn't do it. But you always feel like you're alone. But after you start reading there's so many people just like you but they're, they're just not right with you.
Nurse: Right. Right. So many
Patient: Issues people have and it's like God, only if they know there's somebody else out there. Exactly like them because I, I feel all the time, I just feel all the time like nobody understands, like, but I'm sure to do but it just feels that way.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, I know what you mean. Exactly. I mean, not to get too personal but I have my own, you know, health issues at an early age and you're younger as well and it can, it, you know, everyone might be going through something a little different health wise but you're still going through that anxiety, the depression, you know, dealing with the
Patient: Unknown, just pain, what's wrong and, yeah.
Nurse: Yeah, definitely. And uh I was trying to actually touch base with you too to, to give you some, I didn't know if you got the letter yet in the mail I had sent me and the social worker here we um called around to some different places for, you know, outpatient, you know, mental health, um counseling services. So people to talk to that you could do something remotely and not have to go there. Um, so we had come up with, uh, a, a couple of, of resources places
Patient: From her yet and nothing.
Nurse: Nothing. Ok. Yeah. So, I mean, it, it, uh, let me see, when did I send that out? Um, let's see here trying to look and see on the [PHI-Personal]. So maybe, yeah, maybe it's not, not quite there yet, but I would definitely say, um you know, I could, uh if you wanted to write them down, I can give you some of the, the first options over the phone if you wanted to and not wait for that. Um You know, that way you could, you could start calling and kind of, you know, figure out if any of those would, would be helpful too. It's up to you.
Patient: Yeah, I can, I just got to walk my way up to the house. Oh, good. II I walk down there and stand and watch my daughter ride her horse.
Nurse: Oh, well, that's nice that you can at least do that. Is there someone that can walk up there and get you a pen and paper? I don't want you to have to.
Patient: I'm on my way up.
Nurse: Ok. I was gonna say if you had a patient. Yeah, a portal, but it looks like your portal's not active because I could send it to there too. But I don't, you don't have that set up yet. Yeah, because that might be, you know, this might be something, uh, just a little bit but more, you know, you can, of course, still, still talk to me but this will be somebody who's, uh, you know, uh, a little bit more skilled than me with, uh, with helping you with these things
Patient: Going in the door. Yeah. Heard the problem. It is on the back. Oh.
