Nurse: Ok. I
Patient: Walked over.
Nurse: Good. Did you buy something? Yummy.
Patient: Yeah, I got me some chips for tonight and I got me some fabric softeners when I do laundry.
Nurse: Ok. You're going to have chips and do laundry.
Patient: No, I don't have no laundry due yet, but I, I used the rest of it the other day.
Nurse: Ok. Well, I was going to say you eat chips and do laundry. Make sure you've got a glass of wine to go with it. No, I don't drink. Oh, well, I'll drink your glass of wine for you.
Patient: Coffee,
Nurse: Coffee. There you go. Have a cup of yummy coffee
Patient: And [PHI-Geographic] tea. Sweet tea.
Nurse: Yes, I love [PHI-Geographic] tea. Absolutely.
Patient: Yeah. Right now I'm a little stressed but
Nurse: What you stressed about
Patient: My daughter stressing me out.
Nurse: Uh, oh, we don't talk about it. What's happening?
Patient: Well, what happened was, first of all the the week before Christmas she decided to up and we. Mhm. Ok well her car was on my nationwide insurance policy cause she lived here. Ok but she got the car. Well I told her if you give me two and I'm switching insurances she has to get her own. She told me she got insurance. Right. Mhm. Well I said I need you to text me the information so that when I get the letter from [PHI-Geographic], I could deal with it. She never did. Mm. She probably moved to [PHI-Geographic] without permission from her probation officer. Ok. Uh, oh, well, now her and her boyfriend had another fight again and she up and packed up and up and left. Nobody knows where she's at. Yeah, with this letter that came today. So I just wrote a, wrote something on the page and telling them I can't give them what they want. Right. I know what's gonna happen. Her registration is gonna get suspended as you get stopped and they find out it's better. They're going to pound it. Yep. It's just that simple.
Nurse: Well, what about her probation officer has she checked in?
Patient: No, and he, so what he did, he's sending her a certified, he has to send her a certified letter, the address he had, which is her uncle where she was supposed to be living. Ok. Mhm. Uh, give her so long to respond to it and get in touch with them. Or see if the letter comes back to him. Right. Mhm. If you don't respond to the letter gets returned then he's gonna issue warrants out for. Oh
Nurse: [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Ok. My said that I've been getting phone call on top of phone call today and on the cell phone wishing me a happy birthday
Nurse: Is today your Oh my God, today is your birthday? Yeah. Well happy birthday
Patient: And then the one guy I help, right. I gotta go up to [PHI-Geographic] Bank tomorrow, make a deposit. He gave me a check for $[PHI-Personal] for my birthday. Uh, so so I, I tomorrow I got a lot of running to do. Yeah, I try to do a couple, have a couple things to do when I go somewhere.
Nurse: Oh, absolutely. Especially with the price of gas.
Patient: Like now I take my trash up to the transfer station in [PHI-Geographic]. Ok, because I was paying over 100 a quarter. Oh, ok. I don't get that much a week anymore. Mm. I get one bag from the kitchen. We cook it in the kitchen and stuff and I get a bag from the rest of the apartment a week and it fits him by [PHI-Account] [PHI-Personal] can. Oh, ok. Ok. Which is [PHI-Personal] up there.
Nurse: Oh yeah,
Patient: I make sure I have other things to do when I go up there too. Ok. Mhm. Like I got farmers market value I'm gonna use something more. I gotta go into [PHI-Personal], I gotta go to the scrap yard. So I got all that to do while I'm out.
Nurse: You do have a very, very busy day happening.
Patient: But I'm gonna do some bragging on me now.
Nurse: Brag away. I can't wait
Patient: It. Well, the [PHI-Personal], it's gonna be [PHI-Personal] or something.
Nurse: You quit smoking? Yep. I'm so proud of you. I can't wait to put that
Patient: In there. Ok? I put my last cigarette out 6 a.m. on [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Gosh, I'm so proud of you. I'm proud
Patient: Of myself and thank you. Oh,
Nurse: Doctor [PHI-Personal] is gonna be so dang excited
Patient: And you know if I really wanted to smoke. Right. Mhm. The store right over there right next to right across from me, sells them that other the tobacco and tube that I I use, right. I really wanted to but you made it through it from here because I went through to quit line and they sent me all kinds of Nicorette gum. Well, when I go to, to [PHI-Geographic] next to this one place, I'm gonna take it and donate it. Yeah, I quit smoking. They did not reach program in the called the [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Geographic].
Nurse: Ok. Ok.
Patient: Do you know what I'm talking
Nurse: About? I do. I do. Yeah, that will be great because that's gonna help a lot of people.
Patient: Yeah, that way and you know, a lot of the stuff they have there it's all free. Oh, nice. Yeah, there is something they do put a price tag on. It's only to generate some money to pay, like, the rent and stuff.
Nurse: Oh, sure. Yeah.
Patient: But the majority of the stuff is free. If you want, you can give a cash donation.
Nurse: Yeah, that's nice. Well, you know what, you stopping that smoking, it makes you have more money in your pocket. Huh?
Patient: It helps. Yeah.
Nurse: I mean, if gas would go back to normal prices then you would see more money in your pocket.
Patient: I bought a plasma twice a week too. So that helps.
Nurse: Yeah. Absolutely. And you're saving lives
Patient: And I help people out. So that helps. Mhm.
Nurse: That is very, very good. So, because you've got all this, go ahead.
Patient: When I go to church they're having a thing after service Sunday for Father's Day. Like a get together after church service for Father's Day and stuff.
Nurse: Oh, like a dinner on the ground?
Patient: Ok. Good. It's gonna be refreshments.
Nurse: Ok. Man, that sounds exciting. Have you found any lady friends at church?
Patient: I, I, there's people I talk to.
Nurse: Ok. Well, now that you've quit smoking and you've made all this, maybe it's time for you to find a lady friend.
Patient: Well, my wife and I have talked in, in the past. Ok. And we both said if one goes before the other, the other wants to meet somebody, right. To me it's still a little too soon.
Nurse: Ok. And that's ok
Patient: Too. She just passed away last [PHI-Personal] 20. Ok, [PHI-Personal] 2021. Mhm. To me it's still a little too soon. Right.
Nurse: And that's ok. Whenever you're ready you'll, you'll know
Patient: It tomorrow. I might be down to MPS. Oh, a lot of running for the more. Ok. Keep my mind off of something.
Nurse: What, what are you, what are you keeping your mind off of?
Patient: Tomorrow would be my wife's and my 27th wedding anniversary.
Nurse: Oh, yeah, tomorrow is going to be hard. Absolutely.
Patient: It affecting me a little bit all week, but not like last year, the glad she was the first anniversary without her. Me, I can't bring myself to put any decorations out for the holidays
Nurse: With her being gone. Is she, is she buried close by?
Patient: In fact, [PHI-Personal] comes out, I'm going away. Good. I'm going to [PHI-Geographic] and De [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: What you gonna do up there?
Patient: My sister lives in town who I haven't seen since [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Mhm. And then her and I are going over to the cemetery in [PHI-Geographic] Town. Good, good respects. But, uh, but, ah, she don't know about where the grave is. Cos there's no headstone yet. Ok.
Nurse: Ok. Take you some flowers when you go.
Patient: What it is. Ok. So, I mean, I try to get done once a year. No, last year they put flowers on this year. It was, was, well, its the flow on five or six screws on the log. Uh huh. But my in laws, my father in law, my mother in law's buried there. Oh, ok. I think aunt is buried there. My wife's grandma on her mom's side is buried there. My wife's buried there. I,
Nurse: I sorry to say, do you have a spot there for you too?
Patient: Yeah. And when I go the kids, my, my final I am to be cremated. Ok. Uh huh. Gen turned in re on top of her vault. Ok.
Nurse: That way you're in there with her.
Patient: I, I know they can't open her vault back up. Ok. Right. But they get, uh, dig down to it and put my ashes in on top of her vault. Sure. And then we'll be together again. See, we were gonna go with cremation, my daughter and I, with my wife. Ok. And then hold off doing the internment. Ok. I do one interment with my wife and me. Oh, right. Then you just hold a memorial service. Ok. For right. Well, man, we were put out with the funeral home in [PHI-Geographic] for first of all. Well, we made the arrangements. The viewing was supposed to be before the funeral service. Ok. The, it was supposed to be like a half hour viewing and then the funeral service at the funeral home and then head to the cemetery. Well, he didn't do it the week, the week before the funeral. Right. Mhm. The funeral director, mister [PHI-Personal] he knew she ain't called no one to tell us the pastor would have changed his times. Ok. But we did the funeral, the viewing earlier. Ok. Right. Well, as so as it was the one woman I thought she was coming to the viewing port. Right. Came in during the funeral service. 00, bit I explained to her. I said because it was one of the super stores my wife like to shop at. Mhm. And she handed me a card and a check for $[PHI-Personal] until we can get something to eat. Ok. Right. Well, I explained to her. I said it was not, I said it's not your fault, [PHI-Personal]. You didn't, I didn't even know what was gonna happen, what was going down till we got here and then the thrift stores closed on a Monday. So I couldn't get a hold of her. Ok. Mhm. Then he said, well, we gotta get down, get the, the pots tub by a certain time because there's no burial at a certain time. So the pastor had to rush to his funeral service. Ok. Right. Well, you know what? He charged us for the, to go from [PHI-Geographic] to [PHI-Geographic]. Ok. Mhm. And his, his truck being used to go from [PHI-Geographic] to Pot Town and back to, and back to her. Ohh. They do both services there. The graveside and, uh, at the funeral home, 100 and $50. 0,
Nurse: Wow.
Patient: Yes.
Nurse: Wow. Yeah, that's nice.
Patient: Oh, it's like what, I, what do you know what helps me when I get emotional? What, what you're gonna laugh? I have her picture on the screen on my cell phone. Mhm. I'll either look at that and talk to her picture and give her a kiss or I got two [PHI-Personal] bears. I got from the store that you like to go to for free. Two for. Right. Right. What the Coca Cola holiday bear? Like the little bear that sits between the the other one's legs. Right. Mhm. I picked them up and hugged him to kiss them. Oh,
Nurse: I don't think that's funny. I think that is absolutely sweet.
Patient: And I use her hospital bed. That's good because see it was not a rental, it was approved for purchase right off the bat, believe it or not. Oh, normally they get put out his rental first. Ok. Right. Well, we were gonna go through just home care. Well, the one they put in the house, the motor pack blew apart. Ok. And my wife and the must fell apart. So, well, we finally did get one approved. We went through as mobility here it says home care with billing wrong. Ok. So the woman from the Medicaid Authorization department called our house. Right. And I explained to her, her name was [PHI-Personal]. Mine and my wife needed a new bed. Ok. That's actually broke the, the part the the, that part that goes across at the bottom actually split. Ok. Right. And answer. But I'm approving this for purchase right off the bat, not rental. Well, that was one thing I made sure nobody said how to get returned. There you go. Ok. Now I know her medical a how to be returned. Ok. Right. Equipment she didn't own, um, hospice. Got one of them table I think they used in the hospital that had a, that was a loan. That was a loan. Ok. Mhm. But I found out and I'm the, I'm the little put out with [PHI-Personal]. Mm. Mm. You, she, my wife got that sepsis. Right. I found out that it can be cured. Uh huh. That she would have had to be in the hospital at least 2.5 weeks or more on potent IV antibiotics. Ok. Um, they had her on it for four days and, and discharged her just on oral antibiotics. Ok. Right. And my daughter asked if it just because we had, we had guys at home for cos she couldn't get out of bed.
Nurse: Oh.
Patient: Mhm. And we ask my daughter asked her, but can you do IV antibiotics here at home? No, all we can do is get hospice involved. They actually refused her treatment.
Nurse: Man. That is,
Patient: That's bad. Well, I do have a lawyer involved
Nurse: Sometimes that's what has to happen
Patient: Tomorrow or Monday to get, I'm going to try to, in the next day or two to get a hold of him. See how he's making out.
Nurse: Right. Right.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: Mm. I don't blame you.
Patient: I have a case. I'm suing them. Yeah. I know. There's no guarantee she still would have been alive yet. Ok. Right. But how they did, what they were supposed to do, she had a better chance she needed surgery, but she wasn't strong enough to get the surgery. We had to get her, get this cleared up and get, get her stronger where she could go through the surgery.
Nurse: Right. Right.
Patient: Ok. I mean, it's so, but no, I miss her a lot but I know she's not suffering.
Nurse: Right. No, she's not.
Patient: We will be together in heaven again.
Nurse: Absolutely. Absolutely not a, not a doubt in that
Patient: My wife couldn't get to church but her face, you couldn't, you couldn't kill her face.
Nurse: That's, that's awesome. Yeah. Now she's whole and walking with no pain just waiting on you.
Patient: Yeah. But she's up with her dad, her mum and my dad and the, and with the, for, there you go. I mean, but I'll tell you what, you know, they say everybody is a guardian angel. Mhm. Well, I got two. Oh, yeah. Life and the good [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Absolutely.
Patient: And what happened to me in January? And recently I was fortunate I'm going to a plasma. Ok. And I go up, ok, I go up and get on 81 off for 3. 22 to [PHI-Geographic]. East Texas. Three. Mhm. I had just got on [PHI-Geographic] and I'm going across that first bridge. Next thing you know, I felt the van drop but I see the left rear tire come up aside of me. Ok. Hm. Right drum flew off. Mind you the wheel and tire jumped up on that pipe on top of the bridge wall. Right. We, we across the pipe and then at the other end it bounced off and bounced, roll down the hill. Yeah. Ok. And then here about a month and a half ago, the front s were coming off on the one front wheel. Mm. That's what I said. I got a guard. Two guardian angels.
Nurse: Yes. Very much so. Goodness.
Patient: I mean I kept telling my wife she's like more a cat. Wow. Instead of night she had 20 lives. Yeah. You heard me because I used to cut myself a lot when I was working with the metal, right? You know what I can still hear her saying to me, I'm gonna [PHI-Personal] you. Hm. And one day she called me a stupid idiot. Oh well, now I think you'd be confused too. Ok. Mind you, her wheelchair was at the front door. Ok. Well she either called and said she needed my help. So I go out cause I was back in my room doing something. So I go out, she's in the kitchen on the floor, right? And the wheelchair is in the front room at the front door. Right. I, I asked her what happened? Right. Why I fe you stupid idiot. Well, I think you'd be confused too. Mhm. With the wheelchair at the front door and she's in the kitchen. Well, the neighbor come over, we couldn't, we couldn't get her up off the floor. So I had to call 911 to get her up off the floor. Ok. So they, she whipped herself back in the room. So they brought the backboard in, sit her on the back po and got her up in bed. Oh, gosh, I mean, it was like here what had happened, the care her caregiver moved the wheelchair to clean in there, clean the floor from the floor and stuff in there and when she put it back, she didn't have it against the door and didn't have both brakes on. Well, when my wife went to sit down in the wheelchair because she was at that time she was able to walk to a wheelchair. Ok. Mhm. The side of the break was, and I kicked back and she flew forward. Oh, ok. Hm. Boy, did I let, did, boy, when her caregiver came in the next day, boy, her caregiver didn't like me. I laid the law down. Mhm. I said when you just move that to clean, it gets put back against the door and make sure both brakes are on. I said because if I find it not like that, like it's supposed to be, I will call the agency. Good. I said she fell yesterday because of it. Gosh. Well, we had to get 911 here to get her up off the floor. Mm. Mm.
Nurse: You have all kinds of things go wrong and go on. Goodness gracious. Well, Mr [PHI-Personal], it's about that time for me to be off of work. So everything is good with your medicine. Yeah. Ok, perfect. Um, I know, let's see. You don't have anything coming up until [PHI-Personal] but you know, you can call me if you need something. Um, the other thing I was gonna tell you stress wise because I know today is your birthday, tomorrow would be your anniversary, your daughter, you haven't heard from her probation, all this stress and stuff that's going on. Just remember it's going to affect your BP. So you have got to try and just
Patient: When I'm relaxed.
Nurse: Good.
Patient: Good. I got a test here at home.
Nurse: Ok. Good. So I just want you to make sure you keep an eye on that monitor
Patient: It. When I, when I move it around, it's high, it's up too. Ok. Moving around too.
Nurse: Ok. Well, you keep an eye on that and if you, you check it and write it down, do that for me for a week and then call me and let me know if it's been high because if it is we might have to get you in for doctor [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Ok. I would do that. I would check, I will keep a check on it and write it down. Good,
Nurse: Good. Alrighty Mister [PHI-Personal], you have a good day and I'll be hearing from you in about a week. Ok. Thank you. You're welcome. Bye
Patient: Bye.
