Nurse: Hey, Miss, can you hear me now?
Patient: Yeah, yeah, it's clear now. It's clear. Oh, good, perfect. Ok,
Nurse: So yes, I was just calling to check up on you and see how you were doing.
Patient: Well, I'm fine. I'm
Nurse: Doing fine. Did you need any refills or anything
Patient: Need?
Nurse: What do you need any refills on your medication?
Patient: Uh Actually I had a pro recent problem with my medication but I have done uh appointment with doctor tomorrow. So I did not call up anymore because when I got my medicines, my refill uh I just didn't check it. I just went home and I uh because I was already used to taking all my refills. Then when I arrived home I saw instead of pravastatin they gave me rosuvastatin and and I was surprised because my last prescription of doctor because he changed my to Prava because I'm having uh so much pain in bone muscle joint pains. So he changed it to pravastatin. So I already got the first dose of pin. So that refill I thought it was just the same. I just got, I just get the card, get, get my medicine and then went home. I did not check it anymore when I, I was. Yeah. So anyway, I still have my, so I just took my and I said I will just ask doctor because my check up is tomorrow. So I just ask him what happened to my eye because I was also thinking that maybe doctor also changed it because my cholesterol is high or what here. Uh So I said, I just wait for tomorrow and ask him, I
Nurse: Think the problem was he didn't stop it. So I guess they thought you was taking both but just something ask him about it on tomorrow and that way he can properly stop the medi the um rosuvastatin and you can continue to take the pravastatin.
Patient: Uh Yeah, that that's why when I saw his no, last time I said, why are there two drugs here? But from the clinic? So what does that mean? I have to take the three, the two tablets. You
Nurse: Don't have to take that? Just continue to take the pravastatin.
Patient: Yeah, so I, I did not, I just ignored this. I said maybe it's just a wrongly type or what because I, I did not hear doctor saying that you take two. I just, he just said, he said actually, uh I don't want, he said because it's weaker than so. But since you have pain then I can change it. But when I went home I saw the paper is that there is and there is. So m maybe I have to take two. I don't know. So, but I did not take two.
Nurse: Yeah. Don't take two. Just take the pravastatin if you have any left, did the, did the pain stop when you started the pravastatin?
Patient: Uh Yeah, it improved. Yeah. So uh maybe I just mentioned it to him tomorrow. I don't know what exactly.
Nurse: Yes, ma'am. And I was also gonna see if you were checking your BP at home.
Patient: Yeah, but not, not every day because my BP is always the same for five years already. Always the same. That's why, what,
Nurse: What number do you get? What BP do you get?
Patient: Ah,
Nurse: I don't, what number, what number you said the number is always the same.
Patient: Yeah. Uh, sometimes it's one. Yeah, I just, I know, I, so I, sometimes I did 1 20 plus 80 plus like that. Ok. Did you ever receive the
Nurse: Device? We sent you to look for your BP? Do you have it plugged in or do you use it?
Patient: Uh, I use it, uh, sometimes, uh, including the antenna because, ok, you have, you have to set things. I prefer to use my because it's so easy to put, just put in the, not in the and then no more on the record record, but just the same. They say they have the same.
Nurse: So you have to change the date and everything when you use our device.
Patient: Yeah, we have nothing.
Nurse: Ok. They actually fixed that. So if you could, when you have a chance just unplug it and then plug it back in and it should be adjusted and I know you check it every other day but just continue to do what you're doing, check your BP every other day or especially if you're feeling a headache, chest pain or any dizziness when you're not feeling yourself, just check your BP and because it's a new year, we have to make sure that your address and your insurance is the same. Has anything changed with your address or insurance?
Patient: Yeah. What's that so far? There's no changes, no changes. Yeah.
Nurse: Ok I got you. Alright Mr [PHI-Personal] is there anything else I can do for you before I end this
Patient: Call? Uh no more. So tomorrow we will go there for 10 o'clock. No. Ok. Yeah because I I just uh I called up there because I was surprised. So my husband said I was called that the schedule will be I know [PHI-Account] or 12 because and then so I called up I I thought my husband did not understand the instruction so I I said why is it? No, you will still see doctor at the same time. Something then that is only for wellness but is that uh for you said something wellness or I, I don't remember. I see
Nurse: That your, your wellness is at [PHI-Account] o'clock, you have to be there for 10 45 and then your appointment with doctor is at one o'clock.
Patient: Yeah. So I, I thought, I know that I thought that there was a chance for the doctor. So it was explained to me already when I called up is the one I talked to and explain to me regarding this [PHI-Account] and N one, I'm not sure another one. Yeah, so but it was that they explained to me and said that is for wellness the [PHI-Account] and then the same schedule he said and 1 12 30 for my husband and one for me.
Nurse: Alright I wanna let you enjoy the rest of your
Patient: Day. Thank you [PHI-Personal]. Thank you. No problem.
Nurse: No problem bye
Patient: Bye bye.
