Nurse: Ok. Good. What seemed to what, what do you think kind of kicked it finally? Because gosh, it seemed like everything we were trying wasn't helping.
Patient: I know, I think it was the antibiotic. I mean, I still take the Zyrtec every day. Ok. Um, and I may still have the itchy eyes and stuff but is tolerable.
Nurse: Ok. Good. Yeah, you, well there for a bit.
Patient: Yes, I
Nurse: Was. Ok. All right. Um, any coughing or anything, does that seem to be getting better?
Patient: Yes. Ok.
Nurse: Good, good, good, good. Alrighty. How about BP? Have those, those been doing? Ok
Patient: That I know of?
Nurse: Ok. Alright. No, good at checking those lately.
Patient: No, because when I went, when I go to the doctors they be like low for me, I mean, for me. Mhm. So I don't even, yeah.
Nurse: Ok. All right. That's good. I mean, as long as you know, things are and you're not having like, those real bad headaches or anything like that.
Patient: No,
Nurse: No, no. Right. How's everything else going as far as anxiety? Are you doing? Ok there, depression wise doing ok. We haven't had a chance to talk about any of that lately since we've been working on everything else.
Patient: That's the same. Um, actually it's been a little worse. I was just telling my, uh, therapist yesterday and, um, we were just discussing that, uh, you know, because I was like, um, I don't wanna go back on and she was just saying what is the difference? Like, you know, how can I tell the difference of being on? Like she was asking me if I was depressed?
Nurse: Yeah. Mhm. So, how, how do you feel as far? I mean, without the medication, right? Because you've been kind of going without for a while.
Patient: Yeah. Um, I told her I don't feel like a zombie. Uh, where if I was taking the medication, I would still, um, I could still be sleep, you know, like I'm depressed. I was still stay in the bed, right? I would just sleep. I sleep now cause I was telling her I don't even know if it is depression cause cause she was like, I still could be, um, grieving. Sure because, um, I told her I actually get up and do something. It might not be much but I was like, I'm not like sleeping in or I'm not, um, yeah, when, you know, I know my deep depression symptoms. So I was, I told her it's like, it's not that it's just I've been really angry because she was saying how I have all the signs of depression. But it could be, you know, she's like, could be still grieving and plus I just lost a family member. It's just a lot. So.
Nurse: Absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. And there's no, you know, there's no timeline on any of that. So however long you need, you know, that's ok. It does sound like you have more energy, you know, and you're at least able to get up and like you say, you're getting up and you're doing things versus, you know, staying in bed or, um, so I think that's definitely an improvement for you.
Patient: Yeah, that's what I was telling her. I was like, I know the difference there where I didn't wanna do anything and I was like, at least I do something. It may not be a lot, but I try to do more than I did yesterday. That's how. Yeah, it is. Yeah,
Nurse: That's good. That's great. I'm glad I'm glad to hear that. That's very good, you know, and, you know, of course, you know, with grief it's a process. So some days are gonna be better than others. You know, if you have a day where you just feel like, hey, I just wanna, you know, be sad today or kinda, that's ok, you know, what take, whatever you need. Definitely. You have a good support system.
Patient: Yeah. No, I, I don't feel like I do only because they don't understand. Yeah. Right. So, that's the hard part. So, I don't have, like, in outlet
Nurse: And how often do you see your therapist?
Patient: Oh, every week. Perfect.
Nurse: Good. Yeah. Good. That's a good outlet for you. Even if, you know, you know, ok. I'm all good. Well, I'm glad, you know things are going ok. You do sound good to me and I, you know, if you ever need anything at all, you can always call me, of course as well.
Patient: All right, thank you. I appreciate it. You,
Nurse: You're welcome. And I'm glad that you're, you know, your cold is feeling better but if you need anything, you just give me a call. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Um I did hear from uh the people in [PHI-Geographic]. Ok. Cause doctor work's office called me yesterday saying I guess they called the management and I would be getting a call from them and they called me but they're supposed to be calling back today because my thing is I don't wanna run down there for basically nothing because she's leaving and they're like, well, we wanna get you established and I'm like, I've been there so many times I am established, right? You know, I was like the my husband's gone so I would have to find a driver. I was like, I don't wanna waste, nobody's time. So if I'm going coming down there, I wanna know like are you able to um help me?
Nurse: Yeah, sure.
Patient: So she's like, well let me get with the doctor and get back to you. So um yeah, when that happens, I'll let uh doctor know.
Nurse: Yeah, just let us know. I see that there is a note in the chart that said that um you got, you were awaiting a call back. So looks like she is kind of waiting to hear, you know, let us know when they do call because she is kind of waiting on that as well.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: Ok, let me see. So yeah, perfect. Just let me know as soon as you hear from them.
Patient: All right, thank you.
Nurse: You're welcome. You have a good weekend if you need anything else you let me know. You too.
Patient: Thank you.
Nurse: You're welcome. Bye bye bye.
