Nurse: It was, he sent it, uh, let me make sure he sent it on [PHI-Personal], uh, six mL with three refills with the directions to inject 1.5 mg under the skin weekly. So it is the updated direction. Ok.
Patient: Then it's strange that the CV S didn't send anything saying there was a prescription ready for pick up. Hm. Ok. Um, I'll go by there and then find out. Mhm.
Nurse: Yeah. Just speak directly to the staff. I don't like dealing with the automated system. It causes a lot of confusion. Yeah. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah. No, I'll just, I'll go, I'll go there. Um, so the only, the only, I mean, I'm not, it's just that, um, I've had a lot of changes then. So because I've gone on to Jardiance as well and I've cut the Lantus out and I've cut the glimepiride in half and I have been actually experiencing extremely low glucose at night. Like, now I have one of these, you know, libre two monitors and the first night the alarm kept going off every hour. Um, so I just wanna make sure that you realize that at the moment, my problem is actually I'm going very low.
Nurse: Ok. What is your, um, fasting blood sugar?
Patient: Uh, so, you know, it's, it's, it, it, I'll just tell you it's odd. So if I, when I first wake up in the morning at like six in the morning, it'll be like 70 but they'll rise to like, you know, 101 110 on its own before I eat.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: Yeah. But in late at night it will get below 55 which is why the alarm starts going off. So it's a little bit better now that I've gone off the Lantus and I've cut my glimepiride dose in half. And so that was, uh, you know, something that doctor recommended when the dietician nurse called him.
Nurse: Ok. And has that been since the [PHI-Personal]?
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. All of that's been since the [PHI-Personal]. All
Nurse: Right, let me see. I see a note here from the dietician. Let's see what doctor said. Ok, because I don't, I see the note from the dietician but I don't see any updated, uh, feedback from him.
Patient: Yeah. So, it might be good to clarify with him that all of these, these are all changes that he realizes. So he, he knows that those changes have been made and this would be something on top of those. But then this medication was prescribed before those other changes were made.
Nurse: Right. Right. So, let me, let me get a clarification on this. He is out of the office today. Ok. And he is out on Monday.
Patient: Ok. Um So at the moment, just so that, you know, so the changes to my normal medication were that my, I'm no longer taking Lantus and I'm taking Jardiance and I've cut at my glimepiride dose to half a tablet twice a day instead of one tablet, twice a day. So cut that in half. So the idea was that the nurse said that all those things should keep me from getting these extreme lows at night. Ok.
Nurse: Well, let's go with that because this feedback was provided on the [PHI-Personal] and you had an update since that? Ok. So let's go with that. And then I will clarify with doctor [PHI-Personal], what we need to do if there is anything that we need to do, if you just keep doing what you're doing. Ok. Uh Are you, are you taking the same dose of Trulicity or you taking Trulicity?
Patient: Yeah. No, I'm still taking the 0.75 milligram shots of Trulicity.
Nurse: All right. So we've no longer taken Lantus. We've cut glimepiride in half. Still on the same dose of Jardiance. 10 mgs. Well,
Patient: I still, that just started. Um, so I've only been on Jardiance less than a week now for about
Nurse: A week. Ok. Yeah. And then 0.75 of Trulicity Weekly. Yeah. All right. When is your next Trulicity due,
Patient: Uh, on Saturday
Nurse: Tomorrow?
Patient: Yeah. I would normally take them Saturday evenings and I, and I know I have at least one dose sitting in the refrigerator right now.
Nurse: Ok. All right. Well, um, I can clarify, I can present this to doctor [PHI-Personal] to get some thoughts from him. I'll just tell him to review your chart and see. But if anything feedback wise, if they tell me to get in contact with you prior to the weekend, then I will. But if not, then I'll definitely clarify with doctor on Tuesday. Ok.
Patient: That sounds great. Thank you very much.
Nurse: You're welcome. You're welcome. You have a good day. Ok. You too. Mhm. Bye bye.
