Nurse: My goodness. It is going to be chilly. That is for sure. I just told my husband, I said we better get some wood. We have a fireplace and I said we better get some wood and so we can have a toasty living room because I wanna have a, I don't want it to be cold like that. Do you have an, uh, my husband does, I don't have an ax. I couldn't swing an ax if my life depended on it. Last I live in [PHI-Geographic]. Oh,
Patient: Ok. Ok. To say I got a big pile of wood that in the length, but you need to split
Nurse: It. No, I see. I see. Well, we actually have a pile of wood out back for our fire pit, but it's my, my husband says, oh, it's all wet. No, no, no. You know. So we'll probably just grab some somewhere. But, so you're, you're gearing up for the cold weather.
Patient: Uh, yeah, I basically already set, you know what it is. I, I burn a key stoker in my basement. I have a heat, I have a heat bump but I don't use that during the wintertime. I use my key stoker. The buck of the day r, cold on there. So, you know, about every two days I take out a, yeah, a pale of ashes. Mhm. I put a bucket, you know, about 4 40 45 lb a bucket of rice coal in the back, you know, each day. Uh and then that heats my home. It's about 1700 square foot
Nurse: Home. Ok. Yeah. So, yeah, that's nice. I know
Patient: It. And I have a whole cut in the, with a register with a fan setting on top of it and pulls it up out of the basement. I leave my cellar, my basement door open on my first floor. I have a two story home. So I have an open open uh forer where you come in to the front door, it's open to the second store with a staircase going up. And uh, so all the air rushes down the steps and then the cold and warm air comes up and, and the fan pulls the, the heat up on top of the stove and then also heats my basement. That's my family room.
Nurse: Yeah. Ok. Ok. Yeah, that's good. That's, you know, I was talking, we actually just switched over from oil, um, to natural gas just because of the cost of oil and everything. Um, and we got the natural gas, but my goodness, our gass bill is almost just as high. I mean, it's, it's a lot. So, yeah, I don't know. I think, you know, maybe supplemental pellet stove or something might be, might be the way to go.
Patient: But you can use a, uh, they don't have a, a ductless, they don't have one. They don't have no ductless in that. But, uh, you can put a vent through the wall, not a chimney. You don't have to build a chimney but a vent through the wall.
Nurse: Yeah. Hm. We have a chimney. I don't know. I don't know. My, you know, my husband does HV, and all that stuff. He's, you know, he's knowledgeable and that he knows. Yeah, I just, I just [PHI-Personal] and say I'm cold. Oh. But anyway, [PHI-Personal],
Patient: You a little bit
Nurse: Closer. Put your arm around me. Yeah. So, anyway, how's everything been going? How are you feeling? Yeah. Good.
Patient: Good, good. Uh, somewhat. Know my, uh, what I can do what I can't do and sometimes, uh, you know, I might, uh, I prick myself twice a day if it's a little bit high, you know, in the morning or whatever I'll push myself at work and then bring her way down, you know, bring it down. The lowest that I had. It was about 79. But that was only one time. Yeah. But normally I've been anywhere between 100 and 100 and 20. Normally when I check it, that's what it is, you know, one there. So, um, and I been doing three or four days in a row and I might skip a day and pricking myself and then, uh, you know, do it again and then two days I wrote down what it was, you know, one time I, my wife told me to do that, but since he was a nurse, it says show it two times a day once in a while. So I, you know, I did it twice, you know, like that and, uh, so so they can see,
Nurse: You know, good, good. Yeah, and I'll be anxious to see. So your A one C back in towards the end of [PHI-Personal] was 7.3. So it came down, you went from, I'm
Patient: Gonna be there next, uh, week from
Nurse: Wednesday. I see that. Yes, I see that on the 28. So it looks like back in [PHI-Personal], it was at 8.8. So then [PHI-Personal], you were at 7.3 and now hopefully, you know, in December we'll get you down, um, to seven or a little bit below, which is ideal
Patient: On Thanksgiving. I've been cheating here and,
Nurse: Well, it's a, this is a hard, this is a really hard time. This is really hard. I mean, there's, there's people bringing gifts and, you know, they bring boxes of chocolate or, you know, cookies or, you know, whatever the case. Yeah. It's just hard to tell, you know, whatever and the meals, you know, it's a lot of family time, a lot of big meals and different things like that. So, it's not uncommon for people to have little spikes. So, um, this is definitely a good test, you know, to see how well everything is controlled. So, we'll see though, I guess on the [PHI-Personal], huh? Whenever they, when they do your reading. Very good. Ok. And that is your actual Medicare visit for the year then? And that's your actual Medicare one they have you down for. So it might be a little more extensive than your normal check in. You know, they ask you questionnaires, they do the depression questionnaire, the fall risk assessment, those kind of things. Um, so just kind of, so you're aware of that. I
Patient: Don't, I, I don't get depressed. Uh, not at all. Uh, you know, occasionally I may, you know, think about stuff but I put my mind there but I put my mind back out of it again. Uh, you know, my confidence and, and my faith is on the guy up above, you know, side of my Jesus, you know, more there. I can let myself be de if I want to. But why? Yeah, it's not gonna get you gonna benefit you in any here except for if you want pity. Yes.
Nurse: Yeah, I, yeah, I absolutely agree. Yeah, faith can really take you a long way, you know, it really leaves you. But, um, yeah, that's, that's excellent. I'm glad I'm glad that, that, uh, you know, you, you don't experience that and, uh, that's wonderful. Um, I do have a lot of patients. I really do that around the holiday season especially, really struggle with it just because of financial burdens just because of their, you know, basically their, their life situations. Um, so, you know, it's, it's great that, that you're
Patient: Take care then for our heart tells us to help them, you better help them because if you don't be, it's wrong.
Nurse: Absolutely. Yeah, I do everything in my power to be able to help them. Yeah. So, yeah, that's great. Well, good then. I'm glad I'm glad everything's going well for you. Um, are you in need of any refills on anything? Um,
Patient: I'm gonna check when the one that we had a double one, I'm gonna give that information to the doctor when I come there. I'm going to show them what I have, what I don't have. Yeah, one here because my, I, my one bottle left that out. My wife thought I needed another.
Nurse: That's right. Yes.
Patient: Uh huh. I think I have two or three months already set up for that.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, that's no problem. I think I remember you telling me that last month. So, um, yeah, Ok. No worries. I just always like to check and make sure that nobody needs a refill, especially with the holiday. Probably
Patient: The only one I'm gonna probably need is the, the uh for the um
Nurse: Yeah, let's, oh, and actually it looks like it looks like, yeah, looks like they sent in a renewal for it on the fourth, so it's ready. So whenever you run out though, they should automatically refill it for you. So it's good. Good to go there. Ok. All right. Very good, sir. Well, I hope you have a very merry Christmas. You too and uh stay. Oh yes, you too. You too. And if anything else comes up, please feel free to reach out otherwise I will talk with you next time. Ok? Thank you. Alrighty. Thank you. Bye bye.
