Nurse: [PHI-Personal]
Patient: Ortho. Yeah, they're located there on the [PHI-Geographic].
Nurse: And, um, you, you said you got, uh, um, an order for your diabetic shoes and three pair of shoes inserts.
Patient: Let's see. And
Nurse: Hold on, let me just take a look here. Eight
Patient: [PHI-Account].
Nurse: Are you allowed one of those a year? One pair a
Patient: Year? Yeah, one y, one pair a year. I get them one pair a year.
Nurse: Ok. I do see that. Um, it was, it was reordered on [PHI-Personal]. I will send, um, uh, I will send it over. Um, but are they, are they making you push out until the exact date like [PHI-Personal] or is it you think, have you gotten it, um, prior to that before? No,
Patient: I just wanna send in, uh, you know, I, uh, whenever I need to go in to get them. But, uh, um,
Nurse: You know, I'll call over and I'll call over to them and see if it's ok if we send it this month instead of next month, if that's Ok. And then, um, I'll just make sure, do you have, let me just see if I got that. Um, is that, uh, let's see, I'm trying to look to see if I got this in your, in your care team here. Um, Ortho. Ok. I'm just gonna have to look it up. It's no problem. Um, see that their numbers, any of any other of your medications need filled though.
Patient: Uh, no, no, I, I still have a couple of the Oxycodones, but whatever it's available way
Nurse: It is available. Um, right. And it looks like, yeah, you, it was that we talked about this the other day. We'll get your HYDROcodone. Ok. I'll get that all set for you. And, um, and this is going, that one's going to Wegmans as well, right. The, the, the HYDROcodone. All right, perfect. How is the pain doing,
Patient: Uh, some days worse than others? But I try to manage it, you know. And, uh, no, hey, at this stage of the game is [PHI-Personal] says it's good to be on the upper side of the grass. I
Nurse: Got you. I got you. And, um, if you could just, uh, let, let [PHI-Personal] know that, um, that I'm gonna be, when I call her next month, I'm gonna be doing her, uh, her depression screening. I don't have that one to do with me. We did me and you did our, I did mine with yours, uh, last month. So I'm gonna be doing that with her next month when I, when I give her a call, if that and just let her know if that's will be ok with her.
Patient: I will do that. All
Nurse: Right. So, um, I'm gonna go ahead and, huh,
Patient: She, uh, she did lose her brother over the, her, her, uh, her next sibling. That was, uh, she [PHI-Personal] the oldest and then her, her brother, ah, he had an unfortunate ball and, uh, he fell and
Nurse: Passed. Oh, my gosh,
Patient: The ball. He, uh, he passed on, ah, yesterday, actually. Well, oh,
Nurse: My gosh. Is, is she ok? Does she need anything?
Patient: No, no, she's, she's ok. We're, we're, we're ok with it. We're happy that, um, you know, he was, he was being treated but it was going from 50 50. Then all of a sudden it took a, a turn. And how did you fall? Uh, well, his house, he lives in [PHI-Geographic] and he has a, a, uh, sunken living room. Ok. But, so one for one for, uh, situation there. And I think what happened was he missed a step or something and he fell and, and hit his head and of course, uh, we don't know exactly how long, um, he had been on the floor, uh, until he, it was discovered because of course, he lived alone. But he, he does have a son out there that checks on him on a daily basis. And, uh, and he's the one that found him. And, uh, he had, uh, of course, he had, you know, quite a bit of blood loss there and, and a big, uh, lump on his head and, you know, and they, they, they, we're treating him and he, they give him a 50 50 chance and, and, um, it was, it looked, was looking encouraging and then all of a sudden, like of many people because I, I said that, uh, they said he had a, a good night and I says, you know, sometimes and I've experienced it in my family where just before a person's getting ready to go the opposite way, they have a real surge, you know. Yeah. And uh, I think that's what happened. So they, they took all the life support off and put him on a morphine drip and that was like probably within four or five hours, apparently. Uh,
Nurse: Well, you, you tell, you know, my heart is out for if she needs anything at all, you know, even short term from the doctor or anything like that to help with anything, you know, any kind of, uh, nerves or anything like that going through this and definitely give me a call.
Patient: Ok, I, I will do that, you know, she's sitting right here if you want to.
Nurse: Yeah, I'd love to, I'd love to. Thank you. So I'll get that done for
Patient: You though. Thank you. You're welcome.
Nurse: Oh, my condolences, Carmela to. Yeah, I'm really sorry about your brother and I just wanted to let you know that if, uh, if, if you need to talk or anything, you let me know or if you need anything as far as going, you know, through, you know, the, the family stuff that's gonna be coming. Um, if you need anything, even short term for any nerves or anything like that, you, you let me know and, and I'll reach out to, to mona for you. Ok. Ok. Sometimes it can be very overwhelming. I mean, especially being the oldest. Yes, you have to have to go through all that. Yeah, there was four of us, two boys, two girls and, and I, I was always the oldest and, and uh, my sister's still around so I'm the alpha. She's a mega. We're doing what we can do. Oh my God. Yes. Well, my, my heart's out there for you, honey. So just give me a call if you need anything at all. I certainly will and I thank you very much for offering. Oh, you're welcome. God bless you and you take care. I will do it. Thanks. Have a bye bye day. You too now. Bye bye.
