Nurse: It's quite a bit rainy out today.
Patient: We just have clouds,
Nurse: Uh, might be coming your way then. All right. Uh, looks like [PHI-Personal] was following up for a, just a follow up call. She was helping me out. I was behind on a few calls. Um, I'm just calling to check in, go over a few things. Make sure you're doing ok and do our monthly calls. I know you're coming in to see Doctor [PHI-Personal] in September. So I was also hoping to just get a good idea of where you're at so that if you have any concerns, I can pass them along to him so that he can have a good plan in place and options for you when you come into your appointment so you can get the most out of it.
Patient: Oh, I see. Well, I, I talked to the nurse and I simply need his opinion on, uh, the cardiologist putting a watchman in my heart. Ok. They want to get me off of, uh, a blood thinner and they said if I have this device in there, I will no longer need to take the blood thinner. And I want to know, I mean, I've read with the pa, the pamphlet they sent me, but I don't know that it's such a great advantage to go through this, which is not supposed to be that invasive, but still they're, they're messing around with it.
Nurse: Anything that involves your heart. I can completely understand your reservations. Um, one of the things with the chronic care management program and I do see here, um, it looks like we kind of went over it with you, but we didn't get you fully set up. So I'll do that today if you're ok with that. Um, is that we're here if you have any questions or concerns like that. Um, you can give us a call, we can go through all of that with you. We can pass that along to doctor [PHI-Personal] so that he can make sure to go along. He go over that with you. Sorry, I'm tongue tied this morning, um, at your appointment. Um, make sure you understand what's going on with your body, why you're taking the medications you're taking, make sure you understand, you know, what signs to look out for because when you know something's not right with your body and you catch it early, the better chance you have of fully recovering are, are at best at, at the most important is staying out of the hospital cause that's, that's my number one thing is I wanna keep you as far away from that hospital as possible. Um So I see here you're on the Xarelto because you do have the AFIB and that's one of the things um that they worry about is the Xarelto does is a blood thinner. So it does increase your chances of bleeding. Um, and that's probably why they want you to get you off of it.
Patient: Now, the only episode I had with bleeding is when I had a reaction to a sulfa drug that attacked my platelets. Ok? But I, I mean, I don't normally bruise or anything like that. Well, that's good. So, II, I really don't see why I, I should be off of that. Uh, not that I'm crazy about taking all these medications, but I would love to eliminate one. But again, as you said, it, it going into my heart.
Nurse: So the one thing with Xarelto is that, um, you know, especially because you're only [PHI-Personal]. Um, you're probably still very nice way to
Patient: Put it. Ok? I,
Nurse: I've done home health for five years so I don't know if it's skewed my opinion, but I, I don't think you're old until you're at least [PHI-Personal]. So you got, you got a lot more years of being active. One of the things with Xarelto that we worry about is as you do get older, you get a higher risk for bleeding and a higher risk for falls. And if you fall while you're on a blood thinner, you can have a lot more damage done, you can have a lot more trouble. Um, you know, put you at higher risk for strokes if you have a head in injury. So a lot of cardiologists do try to get people off of the blood thinners as much as they can. However, with AFIB, you either need, you need to have something to prevent the blood clots. Um because with AFIB, your heart isn't pumping in sync to have blood flowing at a constant rate. Um those top two atria are pumping faster than the bottom two ventricles, which means you have blood pooling in your heart in between beats and when blood pools it clots. Now, the Xarelto, when you take that, it prevents that blood from clotting, but it also prevents the blood from clotting if you have an injury. So there's that kind of catch 22 there. The they found through multiple studies that with that blood pooling, there's a section of the heart that kind of like is like a little pocket and that's where a lot of the blood pools and a lot of the blood clots there. That's where a decent amount of those clots come from the vast majority. So what the Watchman device does is it, it goes in and it just slides and closes off that little area, that little out pouch so that the blood can't get in there. So that way it's, you still have a little bit of blood pooling in. But with the AFIB not being in sync, but you don't have that pouch where it can really sit and clot. So it prevents the clot. So that way
Patient: You make more sense than that thing they sent me. Really? OK. Yeah. Now I get the whole picture. OK. I do have a question. Are you, are you finished? I'm sorry, I don't mean
Nurse: I, no, I I am here to explain it to you. Any questions you have, I'll be more than happy to answer. If I can't answer it, I will find out somebody who can give you the answer.
Patient: OK? All my follow up paperwork always says I have afib I had an ablation and any time I've ever been to the doctors, they have never found I'm in AFIB. So my, my heart has been doing what it's supposed to ever since I had the heart ablation. Why, why do I still have afib or categories that way?
Nurse: So unfortunately, what happens with certain diagnoses such as an AFIB is one of those is once you have them, it stays on your history. OK? Because we wanna know a lot of and I'm glad the ablation worked for you. That's fantastic. It doesn't always work for everybody though. Right. So we want, uh, to know, ok, she's had afib before, you know, if you come in and your heart rate's 200 go. Ok. She's probably in uncontrolled afib so that we can keep an eye on it that way. Also, if you co if you start showing signs of a clot, we know, you know, you're at a higher risk for that. Um Because that those upper two chambers atria, they can go as fast as 200 BPM, but the bottom to the ventricles are like big chunky line backers, they can't go that fast. Um So it just, it stays with you and you don't have to be in AFIB. You can, you're probably in a completely normal rhythm right now. Um But it still stays on your history and we wanna make sure that you are on either a blood thinner or you have this device or you're on something that way. If God forbid you do flip back into AFIB and don't know, cause a lot of people don't know that they're in AFIB when they flip back to AFIB because it's a controlled, yeah, you were probably a controlled rate. Um So your rate was probably normal but it probably wasn't regular. But the problem there is you don't know, you're in AFIB, you're having this irregular rate. It puts you at a huge risk for clotting and having a stroke or a heart attack from those clots because you don't know, we don't know and you could be clotting at that time. So that's why it's a, it's more of a preventative thing with this blood thinner because you could flip back to AFIB at any point. Um If you've never flipped back after your cardiac ablation, that's definitely something to talk to them about and talk about your risks of possibly, you know, what are my risks and chances of going back into afib and talk about all of your options? Cause you, like, like you said, this is a procedure in your heart and I want you to feel comfortable and safe if that's something you choose.
Patient: Well, Doctor [PHI-Personal], who's my cardiologist, I mean, he was all excited about it. I said you really would do this. I mean, I, I didn't think the odds were that terrible and he said he would do it in a heartbeat and he really wanted me to have it done and I just didn't see that it was that much of an advantage. But now I, I do see that as one threat of clotting that I would eliminate supposedly. So you would be on team watchman.
Nurse: I'm on team whatever you choose. My thing is a, as a nurse and as a person, what I wanna do is I wanna give you all of your information, the risks, the benefits, why they wanna do it, you know, and let you choose for yourself because at the end of the day, I'm hanging up the phone and it's not gonna affect me one bit, but I wanna make, but you're going home and it's still gonna affect you. This is your life and you are the one in the driver's seat. But I want you to make sure you have all of the information so you can make the right decision. Now, if you were, you know, [PHI-Personal] and falling like every two minutes, I would say, you know, this is probably a really good bet for you because the, the more you fall, the more at risk you are for strokes just because with that blood thinner, you can really hurt yourself on it. But if you're not having that high fall risk, that's something to think about too. You know, do you wanna stay on the blood thinner for the rest of your life? Because that's probably what it's gonna be or you can go on the, or you can have the watchman or you can talk about other options as far as blood thinners. Um You know, you're on Xarelto, which is uh which is a fantastic drug. They do have an antidote for that. Now, that way it can stop this blood thinning if you need to uh if you have any procedures, dental procedures or any other surgeries, you'd have to stop the Xarelto for a period of time. For that. Um, now, I don't know if cost is something for you. I know a lot of people, I Xarelto can be up to $500 a month. So that's another thing that a lot of people have to think about too and a lot of doctors have to think about is, you know, can you afford to continue with the Xarelto for the rest of your life?
Patient: The prescription plan is good.
Nurse: Good. Ok. Yeah, I've had patients that had, were $500 a month. I was like, holy cow, I'm working. I, like, I could cover that.
Patient: I think the Eliquis is the one that people are saying it is terribly expensive. Yeah, they used and, and she's like, I don't know, 400 a prescription or something like that, but she doesn't have a hospital, um, drug plan as I do. But, yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. Unfortunately, Xarelto and Eliquis are essentially the exact same cost. It really comes down to what your plan is. And I don't understand how [PHI-Personal] has so many different plans for one person versus the other. That's, that's a whole other ball game.
Patient: Oh, yeah, that
Nurse: One just that, that one makes my head wanna explode. Um, but if you've got a good prescription plan that, that takes that off the table because that's, that's one of the things we have a lot of issues with compliance with people not taking it all the time just because it is so expensive.
Patient: Ok. I think I'm set to talk to Doctor [PHI-Personal] about this. Ok. With more questions and, yeah. No, I do feel better after talking to you. Good. I'm
Nurse: Glad. Now, is it ok if I go through the rest of your medications, I just want to make sure I have everything all straight from when you go in to see him. Oh,
Patient: Yes. Let me get it out of my purse. I don't think there's oh yeah, there's one new one that he may not have. I don't know. Mm For my stomach. OK.
Nurse: All right. Now um there's no actual instructions on your Xarelto. I'm assuming it's one tablet twice a day. Um 20 mg is what I have.
Patient: I'm sure you have everything right there. OK. Why can't I find this?
Nurse: Did I lose you? Yeah.
Patient: No, I'm here. Ok. It it I heard a click. I was worried it's one tablet. OK. Is it twice
Nurse: A day? No one tablet daily. Ok. That's what, that's why I don't like to assume I'd like to have everything all typed out and spelled out perfectly in your chart. OK. So I have that and then I have a pantoprazole. 40 mg.
Patient: Yes, that's the two times a day. OK. I'm
Nurse: Gonna add that. All right. Then I have lovastatin 20 mg at bedtime. Yes. OK. I have Tradjenta five mg a day. Yep, I have Zetia 10 mg a day.
Patient: Yeah, I look up both names here. Uh
Nurse: It starts with an E is that to
Patient: One tablet? Ok. 10 mg total?
Nurse: Perfect. And then I have metoprolol 100 mg a day. Yes. Oh, and I'm gonna butcher this one
Patient: Ralox. Yes. That's my Evista. Yeah. 60 mg once a day.
Nurse: Ok. And then I have some, some try [PHI-Personal].
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah, that's, that's my range when I have them
Nurse: And then I have a vitamin D [PHI-Account] units a day.
Patient: Um, vitamin D. Yes. Oh, so, uh, it's [PHI-Personal]. They told me to take [PHI-Personal]. Ok.
Nurse: I'll correct that. And I have a multivitamin one a day. Yes. That is all I have on my end. Are you taking anything else?
Patient: Well, I went to a neurologist and he told me that I was low in B 12. I should be taking B 12. But when I saw [PHI-Personal] over at Doctor [PHI-Personal] office, she said my B 12 was very high and I should take it every other day. Ok. So I probably need to talk to him about that.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah. B 12 is one of those. You need it but you can end up with too much if you take it. So you're just taking, um, [PHI-Account] micrograms every other day or you're taking 100.
Patient: Ok. Let me get out. It's [PHI-Account]. Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. That is in there. Um, anything else that you're taking?
Patient: Um, I'm looking down my list. No.
Nurse: Ok. And I do apologize. I am absolutely terrible with pronouncing these.
Patient: Well, yeah, that's why I highlight all these and wait, let me see. Did we go over? Oh, yeah. Ok. This is the new one doctor gave me something else for my stomach and it's actually Pepcid, but it's under, are you ready for this? F AM OT ID? Ine
Nurse: Famotidine? That's 20
Patient: Milligrams and that's twice a day. Ok. He added that to the whatever other one is my stomach.
Nurse: How are you doing with
Patient: That? I don't notice any difference.
Nurse: Ok. Believe it or not. That can actually help with allergies too. Oh, because it's a um, it's a, uh, it's H two blocker and that can uh help reduce the inflammation response for allergies as well. Ok. Now, that's also best taken on an empty stomach. I don't know when you're taking it. Well, he told
Patient: Me at noon and I said with food, he said either before or after. So he didn't, but he did say one right before bed. So that would be empty stomach. Yeah,
Nurse: I take it on an empty stomach. Ok. So what it does is it helps block the receptor. So you don't produce as much stomach acid. Um, if you take it with food, then you are, then your body's already sensing the food in your stomach and it's already starting to produce the stomach acid and then you're, then this medication is trying to stop a ball that's rolling down the hill, so to speak already. Versus if you take it before, then you can stop that boulder at the top of the hill before it rolls down. But
Patient: How many hours before before lunch? 30 minutes
Nurse: Is fine. Oh, just 30 minutes. Ok. Yeah. Yes. Yeah, that should be fine. All right. Well, that's, that medication is all up to date then. Let me see here. Do you have labs before you come see, Doctor
Patient: [PHI-Personal] at all? Uh, yes, I'm scheduled for the [PHI-Personal] six month check up whatever that is. But that's in [PHI-Personal] and [PHI-Personal]. I'm on,
Nurse: I will add, put in a note about the vitamin B 12. He very well might order some lab work on that just to see where you're at. Um, and see if it came down. Um, since you're having questions about it. Are you having any sy signs and symptoms of anything? Yeah, you were really high last time. Ok. Yeah, he might order a repeat. Um, so just, I'll let him know and see what he has to say on that. Ok. That's not fasting or anything. So you don't have to worry about that when you come in. Ok. All right. Um Well, that sounds good there. Uh So right now I have just a list of questions for him. You'd wanna discuss the Watchman Device versus continuing on the Xarelto as well as your risks of flipping back into AFIB since you haven't had any issues since the ablation and I also have the vitamin B 12. You wanna make sure that you're still within a good range since you were high the last time and you're still taking it every other day. Is there anything else that you'd like me to have put through to Doctor [PHI-Personal]? So he can just follow up with at your appointment?
Patient: I can't think of anything right now.
Nurse: No. Ok. And I have the appointment as [PHI-Personal] at 2 15.
Patient: Oh, I thought it was the fifth. Let me check, make sure I put it correctly on the calendar. Oh, [PHI-Personal] at 2 15. Correct?
Nurse: Ok. On the plus side, if you show up on the fifth, you still didn't miss it yet. That's good. That's good.
Patient: Have to sit a while, right?
Nurse: All right. So I'll put, I'll put all of that through. I got you all set up here in our system. Um, now, one of the things that we normally do is we do give calls once, uh, once every month or every other month like that just to check in, go over everything. Make sure you understand what's going on. Um, get a good sense of how you're doing what your needs are. We can space that out if you're doing really good too so that we're not bothering you every month if you're, if you're perfectly fine and healthy. Um, I am gonna send you out a letter in the mail that has my name on it as well as my phone number. Um, the one you called in on today, it is a direct line back to me as a nurse. It, um, it's different than Doctor [PHI-Personal] number. But, um, if you have any questions, any concerns anything's going on, you know, you cut yourself and you're not sure if, uh, you need to be seen or, you know, you wake up, you're not feeling good. You don't know if you need to come in the office, you wanna check in. Give us a call. I'm here from 8 to 4 30 sometimes five Monday through Friday.
Patient: Ok. And your name again,
Nurse: Please? [PHI-Geographic].
Patient: Ok. Um, and what's gonna show up on my caller ID? It should
Nurse: Come up as at [PHI-Geographic]. We've been working with it to try and get that to come up for some reason. It came up unknown call or under AT&T for a while, but I'm told that that's fixed. So if it doesn't come up as [PHI-Geographic], let us know I can put a note over to it to have
Patient: Them fix that. I have a cell phone. But because of where I'm located between these two mountains, every call is dropped. I can use my cell phone for everything else. And if the phone is out of the house, I can make and receive calls, but if it's in the house, nothing. So we have to rely on the land line, which also gets at least 25 calls a day that are no messages, you know, immediate hang ups and it'll come through not just unknown, but it'll come through with somebody's name on it and you block it and they'll just call back with a different number. It's, oh, it's out of control. So it
Nurse: Is. I
Patient: Actually had a message. I will get back to you. I may not pick it up because it's in a call unknown but ok it should come through. That's yeah
Nurse: And we'll always leave a message too.
Patient: Yeah and why I take 25 a day with no messages I eat Jesus.
Nurse: That is
Patient: Terrible. It is they are used to we just ignore the phone.
Nurse: I don't know how you don't put it on silent.
Patient: Oh well then I won't need the kids. Ok, I think. Alright.
Nurse: Well I will let you go if anything changes give us a call back but thank you so much for giving us a call and taking the time to talk with me.
Patient: Thank you very, very much. You're welcome.
Nurse: Ok, bye bye bye bye.
