Nurse: Is she having, uh, like, uh, yeah, has her diet changed? I think
Patient: I have. Uh, no, not really. I mean, I actually, I mean, mom's diabetic so what I actually started doing is, um, I started cutting back on what sugar free stuff I'm buying.
Nurse: Oh, yeah, that can
Patient: Like she's been using the same, oh, you know, like the, the sugar replacement packet. Mhm. I've been buying her the same ones. Um, she get, I get her those, uh, ones. Mhm. I didn't know if, after a while, if something like that could start causing problems but, I mean, she's having problems with diarrhea to the point where she's not making it to the bathroom in time and she's messing herself. Um, now also when she was down at uh Mark uh down in uh Malvern for the acute rehab, she uh when she got discharged from ing her after her brain surgery and went down there, uh they had, you know, you had to mask up and everything, go up to go in her room because she had C diff she had tested positive for. So then I was kind of worried if something like that can make a reappearance
Nurse: It can. How long ago was this that she had C diff?
Patient: Oh Christ. That was like 2000, I guess by that time we would have been going into [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Ok. Um
Patient: Now [PHI-Personal], the very end of [PHI-Personal] into [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Ok. And has she been on any antibiotics lately? No.
Patient: Ok. Uh Not, not for a while. Uh She was on antibiotics a couple weeks back. Um I was concerned that she had a UT I and she came up to the doctor's office and she did a uh um a urine test and it came back like with abnormal. So the doctor that she saw wanted to send it out for culture. Um But after she sent it out, there was some blood in her urine. But after she sent it out for culture, it came back as a contaminated. So I'm thinking my mom probably touched the inside of the container. Um So that's the last time she took an antibiotic. No, she's been having diar, I mean, she wasn't complaining like she had bad diarrhea when she was on it and it's not every day that she has diarrhea. So at first I was thinking it was more of a diet thing. Um, and so I, I was getting her like the, she loves the sugar free, um, sugar free vanilla, uh, French vanilla coffee creamer. I always get her the powdered stuff. Um, so I actually switched over from not getting the sugar free stuff and just getting the regular because her sugars have been really good. She's hard to take insulin.
Nurse: Oh, good. Ok. Yeah, because so, you know, um, yeah, the sugar free stuff can cause diarrhea. So, and as far as is the C diff goes usually, you know, well, with diff, it, it's not an intermittent thing when you have c diff, you're gonna have anything pain. You could see watery stools a lot. It's not, it doesn't come and go. Um, however, now how long has this been going? On this, this most recent with her not making it to the best.
Patient: Uh, it's been going on like, intermittently for probably about a month now.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: I talked to carry a few weeks ago about it and it had been going on for probably about 23 weeks prior to that. So it's gotta be about a month now. And, you know, like I said, it's intermittent, like she'll say, you know, I had diarrhea twice last week and she won't tell me as soon as it happens. But my son was over last night and he said that said to tell you that she had diarrhea, that she didn't make it to the bathroom in time. And I, she wears those brief and, you know, she had to get cleaned up and everything. He said. So, yeah.
Nurse: All right. So when,
Patient: Last week, last week we were at my daughter's graduation, it was last Thursday and she had said that she had it twice during the week,
Nurse: Ok, up to last Thursday. And without being there all the time, I was gonna say because I mean, honestly, it does if it, if it's intermittent like that and it, it definitely sounds like it's related to something in her diet. However, pinpoint and that's gonna be difficult, uh, without being able to keep like, uh, a rolling food journal to say, ok, well, we ate this this day and this is what happened. I can message the office and let them know that this is going on. I can tell you they're probably gonna want a stool specimen is, would be my, it's probably their first gonna be their first go to. Um, and then, you know, we
Patient: Had to explain to the caregiver about, you know, like, hey, you know, like she doesn't need gravy on all of her food. No. Um, so we thought maybe that's what that was causing it. I think the caregiver like because she was always asking for gravy at the store and I was wondering what the heck was going on until I saw like she had mom's plate swimming and freaking gravy. And uh um we also had to explain expiration dates to her. Um, you know, there was some milk in the refrigerator. Mom uses that lactaid milk and meals. America sends it and usually when they send it, it's a little close to the expiration date and she was just, you know, letting the containers pile up, you know, 23 a shot in the fridge. And uh I'm like, you know, when you see the expiration date on here, then get rid of it. Um I haven't even bought her like sugar free cookies in weeks. She's been out of those. Um So the only other thing, you know, I asked her about the sugar packets. I said like, how many do you use? And she said, well, I use two in a two in a coffee mug. You know, for her, um, with her tea every morning. Mhm. So, I was thinking, well, maybe it's that, or the coffee creamer, you know, being that it's, you know, often because that's something that she has often, you know, you know, or uses the sugar packets often and stuff. But I just, I don't know what else could be unless it's something the caregiver is making or, you
Nurse: Know, and honestly, it sounds like that's probably what it is. But now does she tell? So, have you tried any kind of like bulking agents with her, like a Psyllium or a Citrucel or anything like that? No, so that is something that you can try. Um, it's, you know, when you have diarrhea, especially with irritable bowel and ongoing problems. Um Solium Citrucel, anything used to bulk the stool up can help with that. Um, and, and make it a little more formed at the very least. Um, and yeah, definitely. And caffeine, how much coffee a day is she drinking?
Patient: She doesn't drink any coffee, but she's a soda drinker.
Nurse: I thought she drank a certain kind of cream in her coffee. That's what I asked.
Patient: Oh, I, I thought you meant coffee, coffee, I'm sorry, uh coffee creamer. I'm usually getting like the everyday essential. I think it is brand at um at Walmart or I'm sorry at Ners or like the Equate brand at Walmart, you know, for the, you know, like a knock off brand
Nurse: What? Butter you, but she does drink coffee. Correct? If she put creamer and, and sugar in. No, she puts it in tea. 0000. My mom does that too. I don't know why.
Patient: I,
Nurse: I don't know. And, and she has my daughter's girl too. Which is funny. Um, ok. Well, I mean, tea also is ca, contains quite a bit of caffeine actually. Um, and caffeine and, and, you know, and soda as well can increase, you know, problems with diarrhea. It, it will make you go. So there's that you can try cutting back on that as well.
Patient: Um Now the other week when I talked to [PHI-Personal], I was worried because she was saying like she felt achy, you know, like in her lower abdomen. And she was saying, uh um almost like, you know, before you get your period when you get those cramps, you know, aching. Uh So, um [PHI-Personal] had said, you know, well, you know, if she has diarrhea, especially, you know, it could be that she's a little dehydrated and that can cause some abdominal discomfort and also straining to go, you know, like when she has, you know, diarrhea so often, right? So, um I told the caregiver, I said she needs to be drinking more water. So it's my knowledge and from what the caregiver was telling me, she was drinking more water and I had asked her like the last two weeks, you know, like did you get any more of that pain in the belly like that. And last Thursday at my daughter's graduation when we were out to eat, I asked her again and she said no, she said she hadn't had gotten again. And I was like, ok, well, maybe we figured that one out. Right. But now, like I said, when my son was, as far as I know, she was trying to drink more water and not as much soda, you know, from what I told the caregiver. But, um, now we're back to, you know, like having some more diarrhea.
Nurse: Ok. And, and, and I mean, that I'm sure that that is affecting the diarrheas, like the caffeine and all of that. I mean, if we can keep her drinking more water and, and, you know, uncaffeinated beverages, that's the best. Um, so, but yeah, like I said, with it being intermittent like that not constant really, really sounds like it is something in her diet. Um, ok, but I will message the office and let them know that that is, this is happening and see, you know, if they can give us any advice or, or what they wanna do from here. Ok.
Patient: She is like before she eats anything, you know, like with, I haven't even bought ice cream or anything. Um, she, uh, uh, like usually she'll take, um, yeah, they're like, uh, it's like dietary supplement. Um, it, the name brand of, it's Dairy Ease. Like she'll take that before she would have anything, you know, that I was, I'm getting diarrhea and, um, then she would, if she does have Imodium a bit, you know, last month. So, um, but then she didn't know she's always had problems but she don't like taking the Imodium a lot of times even, you know, like when she was fine for all this with the surgery because, uh, they say, um, that after she takes that, then she gets pain in the stomach and, you know, like the pain stomach, I was wondering if it was some of that was taking the Imodium.
Nurse: Right. Yeah. No. And that thing. And unfortunately, you know, and, and even with irritable bowel, you can have flares that, you know, that they do last for a while. There's not a whole lot that can be done about that and they just kind of up and down and during those times you, you just do have to be really, really careful with what they're eating. Um, but yeah, I think, yeah, I'm just gonna message, go ahead and message the office and ask them what they suggest at this point in time and, and go from there.
Patient: Ok. All
Nurse: Right. And then I will give you a call back. But, yeah, make sure we're cutting down on the caffeine, really, really watch that dairy intake and, and maybe try like a bulking agent and something like that for like a, the Citrucel to see if that does help. And by all means you said no greasy fatty foods, no gravies, anything like that. So, that, that heavy stuff does not help at
Patient: All. Yeah. Yeah, we're not. What? With the way things are going right now? I did notice it. I don't, I asked the caregiver she's looking stuff in and she said no, not for your mom. But my mom, like, it makes, uh, a toasted cheese. Like she put butter, uh, or a whole stick of can and you take the, yeah, the sandwich rather than just butter the bread, like we wouldn't throw it, you know, put it in the pan. Right? And, uh, I, well, I said she can't be in a lot of oil because, yeah, like asking a lot of times for, on, you know, on the grocery. And so I'm like, she can't handle, you know, all that oil or anything like that. She's like, oh, ok. Ok. Ok. Stuff. Well, then, you know, we still have the same problem. I know exactly what's going on.
Nurse: Right. Yeah. No, I mean, honestly, it sounds like she's not made many changes to how she is prepared her food and that may be where you coming. So, but no, I will like, I'm gonna message them and, and when they get back to be here, I'll, I'll give you a call and we can go from there. Ok.
Patient: Ok. All right,
Nurse: Dear. Well, you have a good day. I you should hopefully hear from back from me today, if not, you know, tomorrow morning, I imagine but yeah soon. Ok.
Patient: Alright. Well, thank you very much. I appreciate it. Good rest of your
Nurse: Day. No problem. You as well. Thank you. Bye bye.
Patient: Thanks. Bye bye.
