Nurse: Ok. All right, [PHI-Personal]. So the reason that I reached out to you is because, um, you qualify for, um, Doctor [PHI-Personal] new Care management program and I just need to let you know before I go any further that this phone call is gonna be recorded for quality and training purposes. Um, are you familiar with what care management is?
Patient: Uh, I could guess, I guess.
Nurse: Ok. Well, I can let you know real quick. So, um, the care management program would be a phone call from a care management nurse and that nurse would just call you, um, on a regular basis as frequently or as infrequently as you wish. She would just call and talk to you about your health care issues or concerns any behavioral health issues or concerns you may have, she could help you refill medications, get you set up with test results or any specialist you may need. Yeah. So basically just kind of, um, just kind of an extra person to help you navigate through your, through your health care to
Patient: Make sure I did. I do have a question about refills. I just got a skin skin cream refilled and he only sent one bottle. I called and left a message. Well, I didn't leave a message. I actually talked to somebody um about getting the second bottle of uh ammonia, lactate cream. Ok? Uh I need to get two bottles a month and I only got one.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah. So if you were to wanna go ahead and get um you know, get set up for the care management program, your nurse would be able to help you with things like that.
Patient: And what do I do about it today? I already, I already called in, I think somebody, somebody took the message. I mean, you, I did get a
Nurse: Human, ok? So if you talk to someone in the office, then they should be able to um assi assist you a little quicker than your care management nurse would as of as of right now anyways just because just because um I need to get you all set up with your nurse. But, but if you talk to someone in, in the office about getting that cream refilled, they would be able to help you with, with, with that a little quicker, like I said,
Patient: Yeah, I just wanted to make sure it was gonna happen. Ok?
Nurse: Yeah, if you talk to someone in the nurse then it will happen. Ok. Ok. So do you think that I can set you up for some care management phone calls? Sure. Ok so is what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna mail you, I'm gonna mail you a letter. Ok. It's gonna have some information on it and I'm gonna send that to [PHI-Account] and it's is it [PHI-Geographic]?
Patient: It's
Nurse: All right and that's in [PHI-Geographic]. Yeah. All right. And your nurse looks like it's gonna be [PHI-Personal] and she should reach out to you within a week or so, but I can have her call you sooner if you, if you would like
Patient: Uh are you a nurse or? I'm
Nurse: Actually not one of the nurses. I'm just one of the en enrollment specialists. Ok. Yeah. So uh like I said, I can have her reach out to you if you want me to, if you want me to get her to call you sooner.
Patient: Yeah. You know what? I think I need to call my ear doctor cause let me just uh briefly tell you last time I was going to sleep in, I had, I had a noise in my ear and it didn't really bother me but the third time it came, it, it was painful. Ok.
Nurse: Ok. So what I'm gonna do [PHI-Personal] is I'm gonna have your nurse reach out to you within the next day or so. Ok. Ok. And she can help advise you on what to do about that ear.
Patient: Yeah, I didn't know what I, I thought I'd call the ear doctor but I didn't know if I should do that after just one episode. Maybe I should wait to see if it happens again. But the third time it happened was, uh, scared the heck out of me.
Nurse: Yeah, I'm sure. But, um, yeah, your nurse, I'm gonna have her give you a call within the next day or so and she can she can kind of help you navigate through that, you know, you know, let you know let you know if you should call the doctor or not. Great. Alright. Well hey [PHI-Personal] I appreciate you calling me back and I really appreciate your time.
Patient: Yeah I appreciate your time
Nurse: Too. All right you have a great day. You too. Bye bye. Alright bye bye.
