Nurse: Great. So, ok. So what's going on?
Patient: Um, I feel fine. I, I feel fine. I mean, um, I don't have any complaints about that but, um, I know that I've had a quite a bit of water on me so I've been taking Lasix and it, I've been going constantly. I mean, I don't know how I could have anything more left but I still, uh, my weight was, uh, uh, 100 and 31 this morning 0.6 or something, which is down from maybe it was 100 30. I didn't write it down and I look
Nurse: Right now, so it was 100 and 30.8 and then yesterday it was 100 and 31.6.
Patient: Yeah. And the day before that was, uh, more than that. I think
Nurse: It was 1 30.8. So you're kinda hanging out around the same?
Patient: Ok. Ok. Well, um, anyway, I, uh, took for two days, I took the Lasix but only the 20 instead of the 40 because the 40 drain just so fast. Yeah. So, um, I know I'm getting rid of the water but, uh, it, I, I feel like I still got some, you know, my bras tight and everything.
Nurse: When did you take the last dose of 20 uh, yesterday? Ok. So maybe take another 20 today.
Patient: Ok. Ok. Yeah, because it, around 100 and 30 is, is good. But, uh, you know, I just don't understand why I, uh, usually lose so much weight, uh, and, uh, losing the water and it hasn't changed that much and I still bit tight but I'm ok. I mean, I feel
Nurse: Fine. You don't have a cough or anything.
Patient: Uh, no. Uh, uh, no,
Nurse: No trouble sleeping. Pardon? No trouble sleeping or anything.
Patient: Oh, no. Uh, uh, no, I sleep good. I get up a whole lot but other than that I can't complain. That's what for. But, um, yeah, I'm doing good
Nurse: And, uh, your BP was a little high the other day. It was 1 53/69. Did you take any medication?
Patient: I didn't, um, well, I took, uh, the metoprolol, the little half of one, which is the, um, what is it? [PHI-Account] or [PHI-Account]? Anyway, um, they're the ones that are cut in half. And, uh, now the new prescription that I got is, uh, no, that's on the Warfarin. It's a different name and I guess just a different company since I, uh, switched to Publix, you know, they probably go through a different vendor but, uh, I haven't started that yet but I have to fill my medicine thing sometime today. So, uh, I, uh, but you did take
Nurse: Something that day when it was running a little high.
Patient: Yeah, I did, uh, because not because so much of it running high. I know that if it's over 100 and 49 uh, to that I should take it. But it was, the AFIB was so bad and that calms it down. You know, it takes about 30 minutes and it calms it down. I mean, otherwise it's just beating out of my chest.
Nurse: So you felt like your heart was beating fast, you could tell you were in AFIB?
Patient: Oh, I always know when I'm in AFIB. Yeah. Yeah. But sometimes, you know, if it's just a little, I don't worry about that but, uh, if it's a lot and that, you know, kind of huffing and puffing a little bit then I go ahead and take it if it's high. Ok. So, uh,
Nurse: BP meds unless it's 1 45 for two days in a row. But if you took the AFIB then, yeah.
Patient: Yeah. Ok. Yeah, because it, you just can't do anything with that, you know, I mean, other than take something for it, you know, resting or nothing like that helps it. So, uh, but I'm, I'm good. I'm better than it sounds like. But I told she, she said they sure check on you. Mom. I said I know if you see it in writing it don't look so good. But if it, if they could come home with me and see what I do and how I do it and all that, they say what, what do you call them?
Nurse: We like to keep on top of you. You know, just keep,
Patient: I, I appreciate it. I really do. I
Nurse: Bother you. Oh, well, I said we bother you with love. It's always
Patient: Love. Oh, it isn't a bother to me. I just, uh, you know, I, I, uh, don't wanna complain too much but I don't say anything to anybody else about it even here. You know, I just go ahead and do what I have to do. So I don't like, nobody likes to hear people complain. So, you're the only one I tell all this stuff to.
Nurse: You're not a complainer. I, that,
Patient: But life is good. I'm going to a party down in, uh, Sun City, uh, Friday evening. So, [PHI-Personal], my son in law down there to pick me up and then bring me back here on Saturday. Oh, no. Yeah, it's, uh, a church party and it's so much fun. They always do some fun stuff this year. The exchange is Mugs. Funny Christmas mug.
Nurse: Oh, that's fun. Did you pick one out already?
Patient: Oh, yeah. It's really cute. It's got, it's got a, a reindeer with the horns and, uh, like, and the red nose for [PHI-Personal], you know, and the cutest eye you've ever seen. And it's a really nice one. And, uh, so, and I'll put some hot chocolate in with it and that'll be, that'll be adorable. So we have, that's awesome. I'll,
Nurse: I'll keep checking in with you. I just wanted to make sure everything was ok. Since I saw the
Patient: Green. It is, it's good. And uh, so coming up the weekend soon, that's the hump day. So I, I know you're gonna be busy the rest of the week. Getting ready for the,
Nurse: It just seem to happen like that.
Patient: Oh, I remember working.
Nurse: Oh, man. Well, home stretch. Right. Home stretch. So Friday,
Patient: That's why they call it work too. So,
Nurse: You're right, you're right. We will follow up with you. You have a great weekend. Enjoy your party and if you need anything you let me
Patient: Know. Ok. And thank you so much and I'm sorry, I missed your call. I must have been in the shower and then after that I unloaded the dryer and folded some clothes and I see. Oh, I missed two calls and I think they're both from you. I in prison and back. Yeah.
Nurse: All right. Well, I appreciate that.
Patient: Well, you take care and have a fun time too.
Nurse: Thank you a and I'll talk to you soon.
Patient: Ok. Bye bye bye bye.
