Nurse: Me I found you is actually off today. Is there anything I can help you with?
Patient: Well, maybe maybe I've been having some back problems and uh with uh with me and uh I we went to [PHI-Geographic] group and had an x-ray done and they had me scheduled, they have me scheduled for an MRI coming up here on the 28. I think it is. But anyways they put me on this uh this one medication. Ok. It's [PHI-Personal] IC am
Nurse: Meloxicam.
Patient: Yeah, it's 15 mg. Ok. Ok. And I just uh had it refilled because I I only had about three of them left and it came with one refill but uh wait
Nurse: A second, wait a second, hold on. Uh not to interrupt you. How often are they having you take that once a day, twice a
Patient: Day, once a day? Ok. And I get th I get 30 of them. Ok. So once a day. Ok. Well, I just happened to, just to check, you know, they asked if I had any questions about the drug, you know, about the pharmacist or whatever. But she was busy. So I figured I'd look it up when I got home. You know what I mean? And, uh, I, it up and it says that you probably shouldn't be taking this, uh, this medication if you have, uh, heart disease or have had strokes, diabetes, high BP, high cholesterol, I got all them.
Nurse: Yes. The thing is that they don't want you to overuse it. Um, your doctor is aware that you have all that now, he wouldn't have prescribed it if he thought it was gonna be an issue
Patient: Now. Oh, wait, wait, wait doctor. Didn't prescribe it. A physician, a physician or someone over at [PHI-Geographic] did. And I don't know if they have my medical records over there or not.
Nurse: Um, it's an NSAID, you know, if you were on, say, um, a blood thinner for your heart disease, that's why they, uh, suggest that I can let doctor know just to be on the safe side. But I think it's fine. A lot of times they put those on there because they don't want you to be on them long term. You know, if you're gonna be doing it until you can get something done with your back, you're fine. You just wouldn't.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. Ok. Yeah. It just covers their ass from getting sued if you die. You know what I mean? If they put all these disclaimers in there.
Nurse: Yes. And every medication I don't care, every medication will have the major side effects. Like nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, dizziness, constipation. Those are the top
Patient: Five, some of these commercials on TV. They just crack me up when they start reading the side effects off to this. That and the other. Then you wonder, wait a minute. Well, why am I taking this? Oh, well, your toenails were yellow. You know, it's like, all right. Well, and sometimes
Nurse: There's other, there's some, uh, sometimes there's other uses. Um, the one thing that I would recommend since it is an NSAID, it can be hard on the stomach. So I would take it with food or like, um, a milk or a dr something. So, it's just, I usually,
Patient: I usually do, I usually do my, my meds first thing in the morning and I, I immediately after that. So I just wanted to check because it wasn't my regular physician that prescribed that. Yeah,
Nurse: I'll let doctor know too that I updated the, um, your med list and then just to be on the safe side. But I've seen a lot of patients with all those issues on them. The only time that I would freak out is if you were on like Eliquis or Warfarin, one of those heavy duty blood thinners.
Patient: The only thing I take is uh is a baby aspirin, you know. And uh so that you should be good then. Yeah, I'm not on centers anymore so uh alright well hey I just wanted to follow up on it because uh you know I saw I saw what you what it said and I thought I at least bring this to somebody's attention. So
Nurse: Yeah and that's good that you're on top of it though. But I think you're fine. I'll let doctor know and then if he has any questions then he can, um, tell me how to direct you and we'll go from there. Ok.
Patient: Yeah, I figured I'd call you rather than calling the person that, that prescribed it, you know, because I didn't know if they had, if they know my medical history before they did that. So, yeah.
Nurse: And usually they have that.
Patient: Ok. Well, they couldn't, they couldn't even find me in the computer over there the last time I went there. So that's, you know what I mean? So, that's a scary thought, you know. So. All right. Well, hey, have a great day. You too. Bye bye bye bye.
