Nurse: It's, hm. And I don't know if maybe you have a upper respiratory a as well as a, as, uh, COVID because usually COVID, I mean, are you are vaccinated with, um, yeah.
Patient: Yeah, I was vaccinated and I still got it but it's the first time, it's the first time that I've had it ever. So, I'm not sure whether it lasts this long. I, I didn't think so.
Nurse: Um, no, I feel like people usually get over it pretty quickly, especially after they have, um, uh, vaccinations. I feel maybe you probably have a upper respiratory infection on top of, you know, after, after it. So, um, so you're still having a fever.
Patient: Uh, yeah, it's not, it's not high. It hasn't gone over 100. But, I mean, I can feel it.
Nurse: Ok. Um, and then you cough, you're having a productive cough.
Patient: Yes. Um, and it's [PHI-Personal] and my, and my, yeah, and my head still hurts. I mean, I, maybe it's a, I don't know, it
Nurse: Could be a sinus infection. Yeah, it could be. Yeah. Um, you possibly will maybe need, um, antibiotics, Um, fever. It's been going on for 2 to 3 weeks. You were tested positive. Um, when were you tested positive for, uh, COVID?
Patient: It was like the [PHI-Personal] of [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Ok. Um, and, uh, you didn't take any medication or anything like that? Um, not the, um, antiviral medication. That plaque
Patient: Void. No. No, I didn't.
Nurse: Ok. All right. Um, I could send a message to Doctor [PHI-Personal] if you would like, or you can call or if you would, like, I, I don't know if you want to call and reach out to them. Um, but I can send a message. I think that maybe you need a, ah, uh, an antibiotic or if sh if, at her discretion, I don't know if she would like for you to do the, um, tax void. You know, either or I'm not sure if you're in, if you would be receptive to that as well because that is still, you know, it's still, um,
Patient: I mean, she had asked me if I wanted it when I called her and told her that I had the co, it, because I had such a horrible headache. Yeah. Like I, I could not get rid of the headache and I didn't want it. I mean, I don't wanna take it if I can do it on my own. Go
Nurse: Without it. Ok. So, all right. So, maybe, uh, but you are, would you be receptive to an antibiotic if that's
Patient: Fine?
Nurse: Ok. All right. And you have any allergies just to, uh,
Patient: Sulfa,
Nurse: Sulfa? Yeah. Ok. Sulfa. All right. You know what, I'm gonna send her a message. Um, and, um, does she usually call or call when, um, there's something like this or does she, like, just,
Patient: Well, if I call there, then she'll call me back. But also my throat also my, my throat, like, kind of still hurts a little. But that was a, is it [PHI-Personal]? Mm. Not that I can see, it doesn't look any [PHI-Personal] than normal. Ok. No, it could just be my, my sinuses. I don't know what it is but it's not normal.
Nurse: So there's no redness but you do have a sore throat. Yeah. Ok. And, uh, let's see, there's no, you don't see any, like, white patches or anything like that. I know on your tongue or your throat or anything like that. Ok. So cough productive. 2 to 3 weeks, you tested positive on the [PHI-Personal] of COVID. You're not receptive to the plaid if that's um, but you would maybe possibly want, uh, antibiotic
Patient: If, yeah, but she, she's like, against the antibiotics or something. I don't know. Oh, I mean, it, well,
Nurse: It's been going
Patient: On since I've had. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. I mean, usually, uh, you know, when you do have cold symptoms, I like for you to wait for at least two weeks because usually it will resolve and get better. But if you're still having, like, a little, basically a low, low grade fevers and it's, you feel like it's not improving. Um, do you feel like it's getting worse or you just feel like it's just not improving?
Patient: It's just not any, it's not getting better. I mean, it's a lot better than I was when I had the COVID. You know, I mean, it, it's a lot better than that but it's still not, I'm not normal, not normal.
Nurse: Ok. And, um, you've been resting, increasing your fluids. Yeah. Yeah. And doing a lot of
Patient: Water, uh, a lot
Nurse: Of water and, um, vitamin C, like, you know, vitamin C, of course, obviously help, um, even they say vitamin C and zinc together sometimes will shorten, shorten, it will help shorten, um, you know, cold, like cold symptoms and things like that. But I don't think, I mean, if you, I feel like the [PHI-Personal] part, you know, that's always an indication that there's an infection going on. Um, and it's been longer than two weeks. Um, so usually they do recommend an antibiotic. So I'll send her a message and, um, I'm hoping that she does call out and reach to you and I'll, I'll keep an eye on it to see if she does. Um, if you don't hear anything by today, um, I would call the office tomorrow. Ok.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: All right. But I, no problem. I'm just gonna re, I'm just gonna send her a message everything like that. And if she doesn't follow up with you today yet, call, reach out and call the office, um, and see what they suggest if they, um, they might do a telehealth, um, phone call with you. Um, I know that they do that sometimes before they, um, do, uh, an antibiotic. So that's probably a possibility.
Patient: Ok. All right. Thank you so much. You're
Nurse: Welcome. I hope you get better and, uh, you know, keep on doing what you're doing and hopefully, um, she'll reach out to you today.
Patient: All right. Thank
Nurse: You. You're welcome. Bye bye.
