Nurse: A second, let me give me a second to, um, open your chart one second.
Patient: Yeah, because I'm here sitting down with the, uh, with the nurse that does the lab work and she says she don't see anything on the computer.
Nurse: Hold on one second. Ordered by, let's see. Oh, that may have been your hematologist, honey. What is the name of your hematologist? The blood
Patient: Doctor? Oh, my hepathologist. [PHI-Personal] Horacio. Uh,
Nurse: Yeah, that's, yeah, that, yes. Yeah.
Patient: Ok. Ok. Then, no, no problem. Then they have that one on here as well. That's the only one that's showing up on the computer. So she go back there to find out. So I'll, I'll let her know as soon as she gets here. Ok. Uh, besides that, how you doing? I'm
Nurse: Good. Thank you for asking. Oh, you're welcome. Thank you. I appreciate that.
Patient: Yeah. So, uh II I went, yeah, I went yesterday, it, yesterday. No, we, I think it was yesterday or Wednesday. I went to the foot doctor and the doctor, [PHI-Personal]
Nurse: Doctor who say it
Patient: Again. Bolos Bol Os. Yes. Uh she's, she's my uh podiatrist.
Nurse: Ok. And did she cut your toenails for you? Uh yeah. Ok. Did she check out your feet? What did she say?
Patient: Yeah, she she uh she uh ordered me some uh some cream and that uh she told me uh that uh uh make sure I don't walk barefooted and stuff like that
Nurse: And you know,
Patient: So I have another appointment with her on next month I believe. And then she also set me up appointment because I I didn't know that but uh orthopedics they they have different do doctors that work for different parts of the body. So she does, she only does feet, feet and ankles and then I I got another one which I do this this this month sometime I think uh for my knees. Oh
Nurse: Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok,
Patient: So I'll give you an update on that. Uh that's the one I go there. You're welcome.
Nurse: Alright. Honey, you have a good weekend. Ok. Ok.
Patient: You as well.
Nurse: Thank you. Bye bye bye.
