Nurse: You are. Ok. So um I got a message stating patient called reporting exposed on 4 30. Patient has a runny nose and fatigue. Mhm. Ok. How are you feeling today?
Patient: Um Same thing, same thing. Ok, so I am going to do a home test today because I was told it's 3 to 5 days after exposure to take a test.
Nurse: Um I'm not where the not sure where the three came from. I it's five days on our guidelines that we use. Ok.
Patient: Yeah. Ok. So that's what I'm gonna do this morning. I'm gonna take a test and um so if it's positive I stay put for five for seven days or
Nurse: Well, um you were exposed. So the, the exposure guidelines are you wear a mask around others for 10 days test will be five. But if you become symptomatic, which a runny nose and fatigue would be symptoms, then um, then you should get tested immediately. So you said you are testing. So, um, yeah, so go ahead and do that test. If the test comes back positive and you're interested in an antiviral, then you just reach back out to us, letting us know that you did test positive on the home test and you would like the antiviral, um, real quick though. Let me ask you other symptoms just to confirm you don't have them, um, fever or chills. No. Ok. A cough.
Patient: Uh, I have had a cough that has come and gone. It, you know, it comes and goes, I should say so. It's not totally gone away. It just comes and goes for some reason.
Nurse: Ok. Is it a dry cough? No, it's productive.
Patient: Um, I can't get anything up but you can hear that it's got moisture to it. Ok,
Nurse: I can here. Now, are you vaccinated with your booster?
Patient: Yes, I am.
Nurse: Ok. Just the first one. Right.
Patient: Ok. Right. I was supposed to have an appointment with this morning but I knew because of my exposure not to go in. So. Mhm. Yeah,
Nurse: Exactly. Thank you for that. Um, what about any shortness of breath or difficulty breathing? No. All right. And you already said you have fatigue. What about muscle or body aches?
Patient: You know, I did, but I blamed it on working in the garden
Nurse: And that could have been, um, you don't have them any longer though. No. Ok. What about a headache,
Patient: Slight headache. Um, on Sunday,
Nurse: Light headache, Sunday. Ok. What about, uh, have you had a new loss of taste or smell?
Patient: I haven't had, um, smell in two years when I was admitted in [PHI-Personal] 2 years ago. They said I had pneumonia and I have had no smell since then.
Nurse: Oh, boy. Wonder if it actually was COVID at that time?
Patient: Well, you'll never convince me it wasn't. So, and a couple of the emergency room doctors couldn't believe that it was that I tested negative. They ju, they even came up and saw me in my room because they couldn't believe it.
Nurse: Oh, wow. Uh, what about a sore throat
Patient: Coming and going? Yes. Ok. You know, it's allergy season. So
Nurse: You, you don't know, I know that's what makes it. So you get that
Patient: Phone call.
Nurse: Yeah. Yep. Yep. Um, the, and the congestion, is it all nasal congestion
Patient: Or? Yeah. All like in the head?
Nurse: Ok. All right. And you said runny nose already? What about nausea? Vomiting or diarrhea? No? Ok, good. All right. So, what I'm gonna do is note the chart of all of these symptoms. Um, and I'm gonna note that you are going to take a home test and call back with the results. So if you call back, um, and it's positive and you'd like the antiviral, then just ask that it be forwarded on to doctor for the antiviral. Ok. All right. All
Patient: Right. So I call you back with the result.
Nurse: You can, yeah, that's perfectly fine. You can call me back. Um Now just be mindful of the fact that, you know, you wanna make sure you're isolating from others. Um And, and because you are becoming symptomatic um after exposure, there's a good chance that maybe this time you have it. So you wanna isolate from others, especially if you do have a positive test, it's five days isolation from others and then after the five days, if your symptoms are resolving, then you can go out around others but you need to wear a mask for additional five days and that's as long as you don't have a fever, you don't wanna leave your house if you have a fever.
Patient: Ok?
Nurse: Alright. Alright, so just call back with your results. You're welcome. Well thank you bye bye bye bye.
