Nurse: To do it. Um So I got a response from the message I sent yesterday um about the specific gravity um the sodium you're asking about that and then the drinking the water um per can't talk. Can I take a break? Let not break. Let me get a drink here. Mhm All right. Per doctor. He said continue to drink water. No concern for your specific gravity. He didn't say anything about your sodium as I said to you like, well your sodium was back in [PHI-Personal]. So it um I don't know if there's any changes but but
Patient: Was normal.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, back in um [PHI-Personal] but no, he said you're OK to continue drinking your water even though yesterday we touched base on the specific gravity um being low because of water. Intake, but you're ok to continue drinking that I just don't drink much. Yeah, it's up to you. But with the, when the weather gets warmer, definitely, maybe increase it a little bit again though. But,
Patient: So, [PHI-Personal] is that I have this, supposedly it's, I BS, it, I constantly go to the bathroom, like my bowels, like loose stools. Oh, no, no stools completely. Like water all day long. Oh, diarrhea. Yeah. And it's to the point where, I mean, I, I've been back and forth with lay also. Doctor. Yeah. And I mean, he's changed medicine on me, like, four times or three times and he has no place else to go except this stuff that has to be preapproved. Well, I don't wanna go on any of that crap. I, I mean, because there's too much danger in any of that stuff. But my thing is too, my joints have been hurting like my knees and my one arm, my left arm up to my neck where it's close to where that tick bite was. Mhm. I know the diarrhea has nothing to do with that, but I don't know that tick bite and whatever it was, uh, because I can't swear to it was a dog tick or a, or an, it was a bigger tick. I know that, but it wasn't long shaped, it was more round. So I think it dog tick. That's the thing. Yeah. I mean, I know I'm getting older. My legs and body is getting older, but I never used to feel as bad as I do right now. I mean, it takes everything I have just about to get out of bed.
Nurse: So, is it like, so your knee pain? And so you said, is it sorry, left or right side? What, what, when did you say,
Patient: Uh, the knees, both knees but on my left, um, up the upper arm right there and then it goes up to the top of my shoulder. Now that's gotten better as I must say. But I've been putting biofreeze and stuff like that on it so that I think helped it. Do you have, did you ever hear from me?
Nurse: Like trigeminal, like neuralgia? No,
Patient: This is an analgesic is what it is.
Nurse: How do you spell that?
Patient: Pr [PHI-Personal]? I, I've taken that for a while. It does help. It's like I said, it's an analgesic and it's funny because they used to sell it here in the United [PHI-Geographic] and the only place you can get it anymore is off of Amazon because the FDA would never approve it. So they took it off the market here and now you can get it. It's like in German now because they sell it over there. You can't American English. But that stuff has helped me considerably with things. So I'm, I'm thinking on trying that for a little bit as far as for the joint pain and stuff like that to see if that might help.
Nurse: Ok. So let, let me see what, uh, oh, I see. Is it like a home or? I'm just trying, I never honestly heard of it.
Patient: Now, it's funny, it says it's made in Germany, but now they put it in English because they, it was only in German before you can use Children. 4 to 4 years old
Nurse: Old. Yeah, typically. Yeah. Ok. I'm just looking in it. Um, so it's six combination of biological mineral extracts. Um, to which aims to apply simulated multiple targets. I'm just seeing what it was all in. My goodness. I don't want like a, I just wanna,
Patient: I've had this for years that I've been using it. Not, not just on different things that it bothers me and it does help and I just didn't know if it was still ok to use something like that. I haven't used it recently. I'll tell you where I do use it and you're gonna think I'm crazy on the bottom of both of my feet. I have like three nodules.
Nurse: Oh, yeah, like a plan. Uh like not fasciitis but there's like, um, they're kinda like cyst, like things on the bottom. These aren't
Patient: Cysts, they're hard. But the doc going to, I can't remember his name, the Marcus or something like that with O IP. And one time when I talked to him, he said whatever you do, not let anybody take them off. He says because if you do, they spread and they get more. So, you know, I never know if something like this has an issue with my body or not, you know,
Nurse: I don't know. I'm looking at what the, just, it looks like it's, when I'm reading it is a, um, it's a homeopathic product so it's not been, um, evaluated the FDA. Um, but, yeah. Yeah. But that's something that go ahead.
Patient: It tells you right on it. It's a homeopathic and it's from a gel. Yeah, that they sell it there. You know.
Nurse: So you, were you applying it? Did you just to the heels? Did you apply it to your knees too?
Patient: Well, I have, yes. And they, it does help but I don't like to keep using things just because I can, you know what I mean? I'd rather get the straighten out if I can. Yeah. So what basically is causing, like up in my shoulder and my neck and I know what some of it is. I know I can't go to the chiropractor. That's my biggest problem because I go religiously every couple, you, at least once a month or every couple months. I used to, I can, can't do that because of my bowel issue.
Nurse: Oh, I got you. Because if they like to do something and adjust it may trigger you to have to use the restroom right away, just
Patient: Laying on my stomach. You know, it, I could be and all of a sudden I feel like I have to go to the bathroom. So, and that's the only time I lay on my stomach, but it's still the issue. I can't get rid of it. It drives me stinking crazy.
Nurse: Yeah. Did you? Like, I know you said you're working with the doctor. Um, I, and I know we may have talked about in the, I'm just looking here. Oh, that was, so that was when you had to small. I'm just looking back in our own notes. Did we ever talk, do you know, like, what certain triggers like, you know, like, obviously an adjustment may change it, which makes sense because it could release tension or anything going on. Um, but, um, did you ever, do you know of like potential triggers for your bowels?
Patient: No, it doesn't need anything. I mean, it can just automatically show up and if I don't get to a right away, I'm in big trouble. Let me tell you
Nurse: Interesting. So, there's things like you said, it's like water. Um, yeah, I
Patient: Mean, I eat like a regular meal or something, you know, and it'll a couple of hours but all of a sudden it'll just burst and it's just like water that comes out. Yeah, I just had a sigmoidoscopy. I think it was in February or something like that in [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. I don't know when it was, but anyway, I had that and he said that he thinks it's just a, uh, uh, I BS.
Nurse: Ok. So they just said I BS. Well, I mean, that doesn't really help you though or give you any for like, oh, you have this, here you go. And that's one cause of diarrhea. Um, also sometimes just food sensitivities like, or intolerances. Um, so that's why I was asking, like, did we ever talk about this? So, I don't know if you've ever heard of, um, low map diet? Did you ever hear of that? No. Ok. So it's not like a diet like to lose weight or anything. It's more like being cautious of what you um are eating. Um, and certain foods that may potentially trigger. Um What do you wanna say, potential triggers for diarrhea or loose stools? My boyfriend follows this diet and since he's been following it, he's no longer had any issues with his, with um his bowels. He was experiencing like I BS symptoms. Um So it's like, uh basically an acronym it stands for, for mineral, um, disaccharides, monosaccharides and pos they're uh short chain carbohydrate and sugar alcohols that are poorly absorbed by the body resulting in abdominal pain bloating or even diarrhea. Um So foma occur in some foods naturally or they're additives and they can be indigestible or poorly absorbed by certain people. Um So, um, like I was saying that can be the pain gas bloating, abdominal distension, abdominal pain or the diarrhea. Um So low foma foods, there's a list of those. Um those are low is what you wanna stay towards. There's high, high ones that are high in those um things I was just talking about. Those can trigger the I BS symptoms. You wanna go for the low map food? So that's like certain fruits. Um What kind of,
Patient: What kind of
Nurse: Food? So I can, I can, I can send you. Do you use the, let me see here. Do you use the portal or do you want? I can send a list for you. Um You haven't been in the portal. I can, yeah, I can mail I can mail it off to you but like there's fruits that's like avocados, bananas, blueberries. Yeah. And there's certain vegetables. Now the thing is my boyfriend found out that his trigger is onions and garlic. Not even whole stuff. It can be garlic powder, powder, onion powder. And it's amazing when you look at nutrition labels, just how much stuff has that stuff in it. And I myself have cut out a lot of that and I haven't had any issues. Mine was more so bloating and constipation. His was the opposite. Um So and then for dairy, it's alternatives like um almond milk. Um Not Yeah, yeah. Um but the high maps like I was saying it's the onions. Um It can be uh garlic. Um Another thing is like asparagus or peas. Now it's not to say so you can't eat those. It may just you have to limit the amount that you eat of those. Um and then the fruits go ahead.
Patient: Why don't you email me this
Nurse: Your email? Let me know if I can email. Yeah, I don't know if I can email you. I'm just trying like you have the patient portal but I see you haven't been in there for like a long time. Um What are you talking about? Really? Um for no, for [PHI-Geographic]. Well, I get in and get my ha oh, it says red. I don't know what says last login. Maybe this thing's finicky. Uh Yeah, I can send you something through the patient portal. So you mean like doctor age, you can go into that one? Yeah. Yeah, I can send it through there. Does that work for you?
Patient: It might, yeah, if it doesn't, I'll let you
Nurse: Know. Yeah, let me know. Um Yeah, yeah, I'll send it through the patient portal and if you have any issues, not just logging in but seeing it, let me know and then I can um send it off to you. Ok. So, but yeah, I mean that's, that's one thing to try. I mean, it's not like you're, it's not going on a diet. It's just trying to watch what's ingredients or what foods and it's not to say that this will help but it could potentially help a little bit. Um
Patient: So help. I know I'm going some place in the daytime and don't eat that kind of stuff. You know. Now I typically, and it should be ok. Right. And rice and stuff like that.
Nurse: Yeah, that's like bland. That doesn't, that shouldn't do anything. Um, I'm just looking, um, so, um, greens, like you can't, you're asking about rice. So that can be rice, rice is fine or, um, certain, or, I don't know if you eat that. But, um, yeah, it's sometimes wheat stuff. Um, he, he can't eat wheat. Like not to bring my boyfriend in this but he can't eat wheat wheat. Like is a trigger for him. Um So he's better off with like white stuff now. It's not the healthier option but hey, I don't think people wanna be pooping themselves.
Patient: The [PHI-Personal] is better for you. That's no matter what, you know what I mean? White rice like your minute rice and stuff like that. That's not
Nurse: Good at all. No, that's just like a junk starch almost. Yeah. So, but yeah, I'll find something for you and I'll send it off to you and if you don't get it or if you have questions, you can give me a call.
Patient: All right. And one other thing, did he say anything about one? About what the my ac
Nurse: One? Oh, no, he didn't say anything about that yet. Um, he may, I know he's out of the office right now but he's looking at the messages that people are sending him. Um, I think he'll plan on turning on Tuesday. So he should be able to review those then. But I did say about,
Patient: I should get the complete, um,
Nurse: Metabolic panel. Yeah. Everything that
Patient: I had to have in [PHI-Personal], uh, [PHI-Personal]. I wonder if I can get,
Nurse: You can do you, you need that sent over to the Newport though. Right.
Patient: Well, I have that. They, I got it, they send it to me in the mail whenever it's supposed to be done. Oh,
Nurse: Ok. You can, he said you, you can go ahead and like, whenever you asked about your A one C initially, um, he's like you can go ahead and get it so you can,
Patient: Because I don't need that again then. But hang on one second. There was something I know that's supposed to be checked later every two months that I have this lab work and that's my home assist level because that stuff, it, that has to do with my heart, you know, with my cardiac stuff.
Nurse: Yeah.
Patient: Uh, I'm sorry, it is not, it's for blood, my blood factors because I have two blood
Nurse: Factors. Oh, yeah, that gene mutation.
Patient: Yeah. And they did put it on this one. So that's ok. Now, um, see here that a one c should, I just cross that off since I just
Nurse: Had one. Yeah, you can cross it off because you did it. Yeah.
Patient: Right. Because I, I'd rather do that than I'll have, I can, but I can't do it now because I already ate something. You have to be the NPO for this stuff. So,
Nurse: Yeah, because the C MP does have the glu, uh, glucose on that.
Patient: Oh, yeah, that does. There's the A one C crossing that off. So it doesn't have to be done again.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: Ok. So I'll try to get this done within a couple of days or something. What, today, today is Friday. I'm not gonna get it until next week, but I figure I might as well check that. Oh, I wonder there's gotta be an infection somewhere. I just don't know where, where it would be, that would cause this stuff.
Nurse: I don't know. Maybe it would be good to get your blood work done. Um Let me see. Uh you know, he uh he has a CBC order. So if you were to have an infection, that would indicate um white blood cells or an inflammation somewhere in
Patient: [PHI-Personal] when I had them done, they were all good red blood, the count, the red blood count, they were all good. Now, my thing is my feet usually don't swell until later in the day, but right now touch them. They hurt on top of my feet.
Nurse: I wonder if you're starting with neuropathy since your A one C is elevated. I wonder if you're starting with neuropathy, which isn't like completely always numbness. It can just be the nerve pain. Um So I think too. Yeah. So, I think may, maybe it would be good that you get the rest of the lab work done and then that may give you a little, we'll have a little more leeway of maybe, possibly knowing what's going on or. So, I hope it don't start with that. No, I hope not. But, yeah. All right. Well, I'll get, I'll, you. Oh, my goodness. I'll send over for this list for you for the then.
Patient: Yeah, do that because I, I'd like to at least what it has. So I'll tell you, I get, I didn't ask for all this.
Nurse: Believe II, I know. And they say when I worked in a nursing home the patients would go getting old is for the birds. And I'm like, oh, I can see that
Patient: Here. That's all in the. So, but, but my, uh, my one sister and my one daughter both have, um, uh, not neuralgia. But what the heck is that, um,
Nurse: Neuropathy?
Patient: No, for fibromyalgia?
Nurse: Oh, yeah. Yeah. Ok.
Patient: Really bad. And it's like, I don't even want to think about something like that because they're in pain all the time. My one sister, she's [PHI-Personal] now but she just had, she has fibromyalgia and she has rheumatoid arthritis and believe me, I feel for her because the pain is there. So.
Nurse: Oh, yeah.
Patient: All right. Well, I'll wait until next week to see what happens. So, he didn't say anything about the A
Nurse: One C No, I don't think he, I don't know if he reviewed it yet or what's going on, but maybe, um, when you have all the other ones, um, I can send a message or he can look at it and then go from there. It may be good just to have all of them done and he can review them all in its entirety. Ok. Ok. All right. Well, you have a good day and a good weekend. Yep. You too. Thank you. Uh You're welcome. Bye bye bye.
