Nurse: Alrighty. So it looks like I was just calling um for your monthly follow up call along with [PHI-Personal]. Um How you guys doing?
Patient: Well, [PHI-Personal] is still having a terrific time with his skin. He is uh constantly scratching it and um he um it's just that it, it got better on the medication. I thought that Doctor [PHI-Personal] gave him but that didn't uh that was over. It was like uh I don't know, seven day weekday something that he took, you know, and then when that prescription was over, it was over, that kind of helped him, but we need to see a dermatologist and we do have an appointment in [PHI-Personal] and we can't get an earlier appointment. I've tried and Doctor [PHI-Personal] tried at the office and they seem to be so booked up. Yeah, but his skin is, you know, a definite problem. I can't say it's gotten any worse. It's definitely not gotten better.
Nurse: Ok. Um, and then did you get the lotion that they recommended?
Patient: Yeah. But the problem is he won't put anything on it. He, he doesn't, you know, he just doesn't wanna be bothered. My husband has Alzheimer's and he's in sort of the earlier stages of it. But, you know, he can be kind of stubborn at times and that's one of those issues. Now, if I put it on him, you know, it's ok but he sometimes gets stressed and everything before I even get a chance to put it on. So not getting on, like, if he were putting it on himself. Mhm.
Nurse: Ok. Um, have you guys tried the Cortisone Creams?
Patient: We have tried everything. Actually. We went to the dermatologist. He's always had problems with his skin and the last time we went to the dermatologist she gave him, um, a very large jar of something. I can't remember a big white jar. We used every bit of that and started on another one and to be perfectly honest, I just got tired of fooling with him when he, you know, doesn't wanna do it when
Nurse: You're, it's hard to keep going. Yeah. Yeah.
Patient: Um, but he's definitely, it's something now it's part of the situation with the illness. Is that, is this a pretty typical problem? Like the reaction? Yeah. The rash and constantly, uh, you know, itching.
Nurse: Um, I mean, uh, the, the constant itching and everything is probably, yeah, kind of related to, um, you know, the Alzheimer's dementia kind of combo. Um, but, you know, as for, as for the rash itself, I don't think that's a, you know, from, from that diagnosis. Um, was it just the fact that he just want to keep itching and everything? Yeah, that, that can be, you know, part of that, um, disease process?
Patient: Yeah. That, that's what my son said. He also, uh, tends to be, uh, you know, all his life. He was, um, what you would call a picker, you know, like that or pimple he'd have, that don't do that, it'll go away. But, you know, some people just can't leave it alone. He's one of those people. And so that's kind of,
Nurse: Yeah.
Patient: Yeah. Right. That's what my son said. He tends to be compulsive, um, which is, you know, another issue. Yeah. Yeah. My son said this is just, you know, typical of what he does. And so, and if I say too much about it he gets really upset at me. Um. Right.
Nurse: Right. Yeah, I know. That's tough. Um, yeah.
Patient: So I don't wanna, you know, we have to get on to him all the time about it. But then again, I, I am concerned, you know, that it might, you get really, really bad and you don't even, I mean, and one other interesting thing was we have a swimming pool and I swam every day swimming now we didn't sun bathe, get out and sit in the sun, but he would sometimes sit under the umbrella and watch me while I swam and when his skin was out like that and open and I guess getting sun, sun, even through the umbrella, it seemed to be better. It's gotten worse this fall. It was a coincidence and of course, maybe the type of clothing, you know, makes a difference too, but it's been warm. We really warm. Now, that's another thing though, with him, he's very cold natured because he's lost so much weight and, um, he wears sweaters almost every day. And so, um, um, but he doesn't sweat or seem to be hot, he's comfortable in them. It's just because he's so, you know, cool all the time, particularly in the fall. Um, you know, if we have some cool evenings and all. So that's the scenario with us. And other than that I'm fine, I'm like, ok, you're doing that. I can think of you that [PHI-Personal] years younger. Can you do that? I wish I
Nurse: Could. Oh, goodness. Um, yeah, I mean, as for, with his rash, just keep doing what you're doing. Um, you know, try and do the most moisturizer every day if he'll let you, I mean, it's not obviously worth picking a fight over. Um, but if he'll let you do it, then apply that lotion and then just try and hold off and hold on until the uh, dermatology appointment. Um, what, when is that appointment? [PHI-Personal]? Is it the beginning or end of the month?
Patient: No, it's toward the beginning of the month. I can't remember exactly. And, and it's, it's a yearly appointment. I mean, we, you know, we always go to the dermatologist because we've had some issues with some small skin cancer that they wanted to remove, which they did. But we go back every year just to make sure, you know, we don't have anything.
Nurse: Right. Right. Ok. Um,
Patient: And this is our annual, uh, you know, appointment and I'm sure once they see it they're gonna try to help him. It's just that, uh, you know, I hate to think of it. Will it get any worse by the time we go because so, you know, a couple of months away. Right. Ok. Um, the medication that, uh, Doctor [PHI-Personal] gave him, I don't remember the name of it but he had it in the office and he, and he had, he said you want to buy it here. It's a little more expensive than to go to the drugstore. And no, I don't wanna drive to the drug store. Uh, cost is not my big issue. I'll buy it here. It would be so convenient. And, um, because we also live pretty close to the doctor's office. And so, um, I used it the way you were, you were supposed to use it, you start off with four pills and four pills and three pills, three pills, you know, until you take it all, always took it with food. He took it absolutely correctly. And it, I thought it looked a little better. I didn't notice him, um, scratch itching it so much. Um, that was the biggest difference. But then it, it didn't, he ran out of the prescription and it, he didn't take it long enough that it made much of a difference, but I'm not sure what the medication exactly was supposed to do. Um,
Nurse: So it was, it was like a, it's called predniSONE.
Patient: Yeah. Is that kind of like a, a nerve for your nerves or is it a, it's a steroid? Oh, with, yeah.
Nurse: Yeah, it kind of helps with, it works on the immune system to help relieve, you know, if there's any swelling, the redness, itchiness, um, and it tries, you know, it kind of helps, um, tries and clears that up. But, um,
Patient: You can't take any overly,
Nurse: No, we, we not, not the pack. Um, you know, sometimes they'll prescribe, um, you know, a lower doses of, of the predniSONE for you to take daily. Um, but that would, that
Patient: Would be up to, that could have been a lower dose that he gave him. I don't even, I don't know, I just gave him what he recommended.
Nurse: Right. Right. Um, yeah, you know, the dermatologist will have more suggestions and a different, you know, I'm assuming they'll prescribe him something different. Um, once they kind of get to the bottom of what it is, uh, they have, you know, a whole slew of medications they can try. Um,
Patient: So you don't think I should call Doctor [PHI-Personal] and ask him to, to redo the prescription? You don't think that's a good idea.
Nurse: Um, so I can, I can message that o their office, Doctor [PHI-Personal] office and, you know, tell him it helped while he was taking it. Um, you know, you said you noticed he wasn't itching as much. Right. Right. Ok. Yeah, I'll let them know and see if they will.
Patient: Mhm. It seems to be getting a little better but, you know, yet, of course, you know, he had to take it consistently and by the time the week was up it, he was out of it again.
Nurse: Yeah. Um yeah, I'll, I'll message him and let him know and then I'll call you back with kind of what they suggest. Um Or if you wanna just call yourself, that's totally fine too. Um But yeah, it's, it's worth mentioning, you know, that the predniSONE did help. Um, but then as soon as he stopped taking it, it kinda came back and he went back to the way he was with the itching and everything.
Patient: Ok. I'll tell you what you can do for me. I have other things I need to do. If you would call, that would be great. And if he seems to be hesitant, then I might call him and explain to him and if he hears me personally, you know, he may understand. Um, but, but if you could do that, yeah, I can definitely
Nurse: Send them a message.
Patient: Mhm. Ok. That would be really great. I would appreciate it. And now, should I call later for a follow up or would they call me one way or the other? In other words, if, because he doesn't need it, will they call me? Let me know?
Nurse: Yes. So they'll send it back to me most of the time. Um, and I'll give you a call back. Um, you know, sometimes they, they'll call you back themselves, but most of the time they'll send it back to me. Um, and then I'll give you a call. Um, I don't know if he'll get back to us today, but, you know, tomorrow for sure. Um, and then we can kind of go from there and see what they suggest.
Patient: Ok, because I have a lot of running around to do and, uh, sometimes it's just not convenient to take phone calls when I'm out and about. So that's why I said if you could do it, that would be great.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. Not a problem. I will definitely send a message over and see what they say. Um, and then I'll, I'll get back to you and, and leave a message if I need to.
Patient: Ok, thanks. And you might remind them too. I know they remember because they called and tried to get an appointment and they got the, I don't wanna say the run around, but, right, the dermatologist seem to have a, you know, good thing going there. I'm my God. I can't imagine. But anyway,
Nurse: Yeah. Um, yeah, they're, they book out quite a, quite a bit sometimes, um, especially for new patients. But, you know, since you're an established, established patient, um, seems like they got you, you know, a little quicker than
Patient: Most at that. I told them that I said, well, we're regular patients. Oh, no, we're just all booked up. She said you could call every week and check though and, oh, ok. Just to
Nurse: Kind of see if there's any cancellations or openings.
Patient: Yeah. And I just thought, oh, I'll just wait, but they should do that and just call every week and see.
Nurse: Yeah. Um, let me, I can actually give him a call
Patient: Since the medication did help doctor or that Doctor [PHI-Personal] prescribed. You know, that might be good. Now, what are the side effects of taking a cortisone like that? Our other, um,
Nurse: Like the, um, the pack of the, you know, if you do the, the, uh, predniSONE pack, um, you know, sometimes you can get fluid retention which, which means like swelling in the legs or the ankles. Um, you know, weight gain, um, no muscle pain, a
Patient: Headache. No. Ok. And amazingly he doesn't have any problems like that. He has no problems climbing up stairs and I do, uh because I've had my legs injured, he doesn't have problems, you know, with anything except this thing with his skin. Now, when he was a kid, like in his early twenties, he developed a condition that actually uh kept him out of the Vietnam War, which could have been an, you know, a blessing in disguise. But it was, it was an arthritic condition that affected his skin. Now, I didn't know him then. So I didn't see the situation and nobody really talked about it. By the time I met him, it was all over. He didn't have any more problems. But I told Doctor [PHI-Personal] about it and I said a very young doctor in his hometown, which was a little town, very small town in [PHI-Geographic] had prescribed this far had or not prescribed it but had um diagnosed this type of um arthritic condition that affects his skin and all his life. He's had a problem with very dry skin. Uh So, you know, like, you know, when teenagers had pimples, he never had pimples cause his skin was too dry, you know, that kind of thing, right? Because as his age, he's gotten drier and drier. So, but I don't know what the di you know, the diagnosis today would be the equivalency or what. And he, of course he was a GP um back then there were no dermatologists, you know, unless, I guess maybe if you lived in [PHI-Geographic] or something and he didn't. So. Right. That's the scenario on his skin and having dry skin has never been an issue. It's, uh, the, the, uh, well, it's just gotten red and irritated and it has he itch. Mhm. And irritated places all over it. There's even some on his face. So it's, it's a mess.
Nurse: Right. Well, yeah, I'll call the Dermatology Office and see if they have an earlier appointment. Um, and then I'll also let Doctor [PHI-Personal] office know, you know, um, that the steroid helped and, and you kinda wanna know next steps on while you're waiting for the Dermatology office appointment. Um, but I will, I'll give them a call and see if they can get him in any earlier. You haven't called, um, today? Well, obviously not today. Um, did you call last week and see if they could get you in any earlier?
Patient: No, I didn't. But, and also, so I, um, I did call Doctor [PHI-Personal] office and told him, you know, or I didn't talk to him but I told the person that I talked to that, um, you know, he was out of the medication. It seemed to have been helping and I said, can you get it refilled? And they said, well, that's the one, you know, time thing. And so I didn't do anything else.
Nurse: Right. Um, yeah, they normally, they typically don't give another predniSONE pack. Um, you know, especially such short, short dis or short time in between them. Um, but, uh, I can, I can at least.
Patient: Mhm. Ok. I can tell you something else when he had this, um, uh, potential cancer. Well, I guess it was a small skin cancer removed. The surgeon that did. It had an Indian name. Now, I think I can find his name someplace but he's a dermatologist that works with, um, uh, I can't remember the name of the group but stoner used to be with it and, um, well, his son still is and, um, [PHI-Personal] is a p, a dermatologist, I think. And she's the one that we usually see because usually we don't have serious issues of any kind and it works fine with her. She, then she refers us to someone if she finds something that she, you know, should be looked at, but that's the group and I can't remember their name but they probably know it at the office. Ok. I think it's called Dermatological Group or something like that. It's not a person's name.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. Yeah, I'll look into it and see what I can find. Um, and then I'll also give the, uh, dermatology office, um, you know, a call and see if they can get him in any earlier. Um, and then as for you, do you monitor your BP at home?
Patient: No.
Nurse: No. Ok. All right. Just, just curious. Um, do you get any, you know, physical activity, any exercising.
Patient: Well, like I told you I did swim every day and I haven't been lately because after I had closed my swimming pool, I had to have a, I thought it was a, uh, corn removed on my toe. My little toe, it actually was a cyst. Now, that process has taken about a month between prepping and having the surgery and having it checked and having the stitches taken. I've never seen anything like it for something as minuscule little toe, but that's what I've been through. I haven't been doing any exercise with that because actually I couldn't, I couldn't even get, she agree on that foot. Now, my son is a big pickle ball player and he suggested pickle ball for me and I thought, well, that's might be a good idea. The problem is my foot has to heal more than I can actually start doing that kind of physical activity for sure. Ok. So, ok, because you're concerned about my BP. Is that the issue that you asked me?
Nurse: Yeah. No, I'm not concerned. I was just wondering, um, if you monitor it at home, I noticed that your last appointment, it was a little elevated. Um, so I was just, just
Patient: Asking. Right. Yeah. You know, it's a genetics thing and my Children, um, like I told you, my son is extremely athletic. He has a problem with high BP. It just runs in the family. And right, and, and I had about a year ago I broke my hip and my BP dropped really low and then it had to adjust again and then it was too low and I kept passing out and now it's back to, you know, normal for me is probably about 100 and 50. I mean, that's, and if I take, if I drink caffeine, you know, it elevates it, it's all kinds of. Yeah. But, um, yeah. No, and I asked doctor [PHI-Personal] so he was a, he was our doctor for, I don't know, [PHI-Personal] years. I asked him, should I monitor it? And he said, you know, uh, that's not, he didn't think it was necessary. So, ok. So if I monitor it and it's high then I might even start stressing and it'll get even higher. So. Right.
Nurse: Right. Exactly. Um, yeah, but things like, you know, cutting back on that caffeine and, um, exercising things like that can help lower that BP. Um, you know, uh, the, they recommend, you know, a cup or two of coffee. Um, and that's it, you know, no energy drinks and soda and things like that. Um, is that where you get your caffeine from, is, or?
Patient: Right. No, I don't drink more than a couple of, um, a couple of cups of coffee. Yeah. But if I didn't say something in the morning I would just be comma to. So. Right. Right. I have to have a jolt and I drink tea sometimes too, uh, with lunch, uh, which has some caffeine. I know. But, uh, other than that I think I eat pretty healthy, I'm not fine. But again, genetically it's not in order for me to be thin. I have to almost starve. Now, the situation with, with [PHI-Personal] is, uh, it's, it, he eats a lot. I mean, he eats plenty, he doesn't eat a lot but he eats as much as I do and more sometimes and he still doesn't put on any weight.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, I feel right. Exactly. Yeah, everybody's different, especially men, you know, versus women. Um, definitely different body types there. Um, but all right. Well, I will, um, call the dermatology office, see what they say. And then I'll also send a message to Doctor [PHI-Personal]. Um, and then I'll get back to you as soon as I hear something. Ok.
Patient: Ok. And the thing about monitoring my BP, my brother does his, um, and I, you know, I said no, I don't do mine because if it was a little bit high pro, I would probably start stressing, which you make it even easier. Yeah, though, and I know it is a genetic thing because I was also very athletic at one time, extremely athletic. And then, you know, and I had high BP. I, I thought they made a mistake. I didn't think it was possible but then they started asking me about my genetic background and I said, oh my God, I don't know anybody who doesn't have high BP in my family. Right.
Nurse: Yeah. It's definitely genetic and things you do. You know, just sometimes can't seem to get it lower. Um, but yeah, it wasn't, it wasn't crazy, crazy high. So, and then once they retook it it was down to pretty normal. So that's good. I wouldn't, you know, worry about it, stress about it right now.
Patient: Ok. Well thank you dear that's hearing you say that. Ok well I appreciate anything you can do.
Nurse: Yeah yeah I will um you know do those couple things right now and then I'll get back to you as soon as I hear from somebody. Ok.
Patient: Ok thank you so much and listen if I don't get your message just leave me a uh um uh you know a phone call I mean a message I'll get it. Ok.
Nurse: Ok perfect I will.
Patient: Ok. All right hold on
Nurse: Um yeah I'll leave you a voice mail um you know with what they say and any recommendations and things like that. Ok.
Patient: Ok, great thank you so much.
Nurse: Perfect. Yep you have a good rest of your day and I'll be in touch once I hear from them. Ok.
Patient: Ok bye.
Nurse: Alright. Alright talk to you soon.
