Nurse: Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have a couple, do you have a couple seconds to chat or did you wanna give me a call when you're feeling better?
Patient: No, I can chat.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. So let me pull up your chart. Ok. Um, and then we'll go from there. Just give me one second. Ok.
Patient: Oh, yeah,
Nurse: I called a whole lot of people today. I have a big long list. There. You are. All right. All right. So, um, the reason that I called is because doctor, um, s has a new care management program. Are you familiar with what that is at all?
Patient: Um, no, I, I only moved up here a couple of months ago so I've only been to that [PHI-Geographic] one time.
Nurse: Oh, ok. So is what care management is, is care management would be a phone call from one of our nurses in, um, consultation with doctor's [PHI-Geographic]. And is what that nurse does, is she helps you with any medications that you take, um, any refills that you may need on those medications. She could help you schedule appointments or schedule tests. Anything along those lines. Um, the phone call from that nurse can be, uh, at any time that you like, you can get them as frequent, as frequent as you like. You could get them once a month, once every three months, you could get them once every six months or even just once a, once a year. If you, if you chose, um, the whole point of the program is to keep you as healthy as possible and, you know, to make sure that, um, you don't end up in the hospital or the emergency room, we kind of try to interject, um, as soon as we can in case it were, you know, so it doesn't become a huge issue or, or problem. So we, we kinda just wanna watch you.
Patient: Sorry to laugh. I'm sorry to laugh.
Nurse: But I say no, that's ok. At least you're not yelling at me. Right.
Patient: No, I'm not yelling. I wouldn't yell at you. You have nothing to do with it. But I, my first experience at that [PHI-Geographic] has been a horrible one. So I just laughing because I'm going with the nurse do any better than the doctor's [PHI-Geographic].
Nurse: Oh, wow. Well, it's, it's quite possible. So, the, the nice thing about it is, um, instead of you, you know, maybe calling the [PHI-Geographic] directly and, you know, speaking with the receptionist or leaving a voice mail and not getting calls back. Your care management, nurse focuses just on you. So you could call that nurse directly if, say you had a question or, um, she would call you just to see how you're doing and say in the meantime, you know, like today you're not feeling well and maybe you, you would have a question about, you know, doing like a telemedicine appointment. It's kind of like um there's a middle man in between you and your doctor. So
Patient: It is really a better plan than actually going to the doctor.
Nurse: Yeah, I mean, it definitely is. Um, it's definitely a very nice, um, it's a nice, it's a nice thing to have, especially you have Medicare [PHI-Personal] insurance. It looks like, is that still correct? Now? It is, it is a billable service to Medicare. So, I mean, if your insurance is gonna help you out and, and cover that for you and um, you know, have somebody kind of look it out for you. It's definitely, it's definitely a little bonus.
Patient: Oh, ok.
Nurse: Ok. So is what I can do is I can send you out some information in the mail about the program. You don't have to give me an answer right now and is what we can do is once you get that information, you can call us. But if you like, I can have a nurse call, you first, um, you know, just to kinda get the ball rolling. What do you think?
Patient: Well, something I gotta be better than the doctor's [PHI-Geographic].
Nurse: Ok. So here's what I'll do is
Patient: Go. No, no. Ok. I've been sick for a while. Ok, for about two weeks now. Ok. Um, I don't have COVID cause I have the, I had the home test. Oh, ok. I took that and it's not that, but I do have a bad heart and I do have a problem with my esophagus. And when I went to the doctor the last time they referred me to some cardiologist, a doctor or however you say it, I, I can't, I'm not speaking right
Nurse: Today. That's ok. That's ok. You don't have to. I, I'm understanding
Patient: And they said they call me, they never called me. I called that [PHI-Geographic] twice and they never called me back. No, I need open heart surgery. I know that because when I lived in [PHI-Geographic], when they did my last cardiac cath, they said there wasn't anything else they could do because I have three stents in my heart. So right now I'm sick. I don't know if it's coming from my heart or if it's coming from my esophagus. Ok. It's pretty bad like food. I normally like to eat like my throat closes up. I've been vomiting and I used to be a nurse. You and I'm saying, you know, some of these sign there are signs of the heart. But I don't wanna go to the emergency room because I haven't been vaccinated because I'm allergic to so many vaccinations. My doctor in [PHI-Geographic] advised against it because I get so deathly ill from the flu shot from the pneumonia shot. And when I get the flu shot, I mean, I was the last time I was in the hospital six weeks, they asked me if I went to a foreign country. So this was a long time ago because I was mandated to have these things because I was working in the hospital.
Nurse: I totally understand.
Patient: And right now with COVID, I'm not going to the emergency room to sit with people that have COVID.
Nurse: I don't blame you at all. I don't blame you one. Then I, so
Patient: I feel like I'm stuck between a rock and a hard place. Apparently, this cardiologist is not a good one because I don't want a cardiologist that I call and doesn't call me back.
Nurse: I mean, I wouldn't either.
Patient: And then they told me because I asked them, um, the nurse practitioner, whoever she was I saw because I didn't get to see the doctor and she, I told her I was having a vaginal issue. I knew I had a yeast infection. I wanted a pill, they wouldn't give me the pill. They gave me a cream. The cream didn't work. I ended up going to urgent care, but they referred me to a gynecologist that [PHI-Geographic] called me, but they referred me to a gynecologist, like over an hour away all the way up. She said by some hospital called [PHI-Geographic], I don't know where it is. She said it's in [PHI-Geographic] now. I know [PHI-Geographic] is over an hour from me because I went to the [PHI-Geographic] one time with my friend when I moved up here, she took me there for my birthday and it took us over an hour to get there. And it was very, that's
Nurse: Not, that's not very convenient at all, especially if, you know, it's something acute and it's, and, and it could be fixed. And II, I understand that you're not feeling like you're heard. Um So I think
Patient: That's what I'm saying. And so I said to that lady, I said, well, aren't there any gynecologist in Geneva anything like that? She says, oh, there should be a whole bunch of them. I said, well, why would they refer me to you? Yeah.
Nurse: Right. Right.
Patient: So, so that was my first experience with this doctor's [PHI-Geographic]. Like, so maybe a nurse would be better. That's why I explaining my two situations to you because one, my heart is very important and, you know, right now with COVID going on, I'm, you know, I'm petrified. I don't go out very much, but with me being sick, I haven't been sick like this. Uh And I can't, and you know, me being a nurse I'm trying to put my finger on this and I can't. Right. I mean, either it's, uh, like I said, either it's my heart or it's coming from my acid reflux issue. But, you know, I've never, like, gone to eat food and my throat closes up and then I tried to take my medicine the other night and I vomited all over myself and, you know, I don't have a fever at night time. It goes up a little bit 99 7. I know I have a sinus infection. I'm blowing green goo out my nose. I have a doctor's appointment on Monday at Doctor S's [PHI-Geographic]. But I know they're not gonna let me in.
Nurse: No, they're not gonna let you in because you're sick. Right. So,
Patient: I, I, how do I get sick if I can't go in
Nurse: Times have definitely changed. That's for sure. That is, that is for sure. Um, but just from, just from listening to you and, you know, your experience with the doctor's [PHI-Geographic] and you know what you're kind of going through right now, I think that this would be a really great option for you. Um, I can have a nurse call you, um, as soon as Monday, um, you know, and, uh, and since you're so concerned about your heart, you know, she can, mm, she could probably get you set up with a different cardiologist and, you know, she can schedule those appointments for you. She can talk to those, you know those those doctors and nurses for you. So I think that this would be a really a really great um option for you. Um and
Patient: So insurance will pay for
Nurse: This. Um yeah it's it's billed to Medicare. It looks like you only have Medicare [PHI-Personal] insurance. Is that correct?
Patient: Well, yeah I got the [PHI-Personal] and I get my prescription. Yeah
Nurse: You um you should be covered you should be covered with Medicare. Yes.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: Ok. So is what I'm gonna do is I'm going to send you some information via mail. Let me just let me just confirm your address. I have 13 Reed Street Naples, New York. 14512.
Patient: Yeah it's in nowhere land
Nurse: Where are you from? In [PHI-Geographic]?
Patient: Uh the Poconos? Oh,
Nurse: Ok. All right. Well I'm gonna send out that information, I'm gonna, I'm gonna send out that information to you, um, but I'm gonna get a nurse to call you as so as soon as possible. Ok. Um I'm gonna, I'm gonna see if they can get you re uh, if they can reach out to you Monday or Tuesday. Um and I'm also gonna see if I can follow up with you personally. Um, I'm gonna do my best to make sure that somebody gets a hold of you early next week. Ok. Ok. All right. Well, I appreciate your time. I'm gonna send you some information out like I said you should expect a phone call, like I said, and I hope that you start to feel better and, um, and, and, you know, get moving and I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
Patient: Yeah, I'm in bed.
Nurse: Oh, I, I, sometimes there's no other place I'd rather be. Right.
Patient: Yeah, I'd rather not do. I rather get out and get some fresh air and be able to eat like something. And,
Nurse: Yeah, it's, it's a little different when you don't, it's a little different when you don't feel good and you have no choice but to be in bed. So I I get that as well, be
Patient: Careful what I choose to eat and so ridiculous.
Nurse: Ok. Well like I said, I'm gonna try to get this all figured out my best for you and I'm gonna try to get somebody to to contact you as soon as, as soon as possible.
Patient: Ok. Alright.
Nurse: Well no problem at all. [PHI-Personal] I appreciate your time. I appreciate you talking to me even though you don't feel well and enjoy the rest of your day. Ok.
Patient: Yeah, no problem I guess I'll call doctor [PHI-Geographic] now and tell him I'm sick and I'm not coming. Ok. Yeah you'll let me in anyway I know they're not doing it but I better call them because my appointment is Monday. So
Nurse: Yeah whatever you feel comfortable with doing I I'm not sure what their protocol is um but definitely call them if you feel that you need to be seen or you know, see what they advise at least until you hear from us.
Patient: Ok. Ok. All right. Well, thank you so much, [PHI-Personal]. I appreciate it and you have a nice weekend.
Nurse: Thank you, [PHI-Personal]. I appreciate it as well.
Patient: Ok. Bye bye. Thank you. Bye bye.
