Nurse: Ok. So what seems to be the trouble with the cough? What's
Patient: Happening every time? Iii I start, I put my cuff on everything. It says
Nurse: It comes back with an error. Are there any numbers next to the error?
Patient: No, let me see. II I have it on right now because I decided to check it out. Ok, let me see what's coming out now and you? Ok.
Nurse: Absolutely.
Patient: Ok. Hi. Let's see the start. Say it again. True. You know what, what, what happened in your, in your book? I'm so sorry,
Nurse: Don't be sorry. So a lot of times those error messages they can be important. Um, so sometimes if there's just like a one next to it, it just means that they want you to make the cuff a little bit tighter.
Patient: Ok. Right. Make a call. Ok. So we, if I wanna see because that already deleted from the screen, if I decided to see again because I didn't see it. It was 1 14 over. I don't remember uh, what I have to do. Just
Nurse: Press that button that has the N on it. So it's right underneath where it says Sys. Yep, that little gray N
Patient: Um, let's see. Oh, it's [PHI-Personal]. No. Does you show anything?
Nurse: Do you have your, your screen off? Make sure it's off and then you just wanna hit that M button.
Patient: Do you want me to take out the car? And they can show me?
Nurse: Yeah. No, you can, you can just, you can just turn the cuff off the machine itself and then it says over near the side there's a button that says Sys and then there's a little A and A B next to it and then right underneath there, there's that button. You wanna press that one time?
Patient: Ok. Uh ok. One time. Oh,
Nurse: Did you get 1 14? Over 70?
Patient: I don't know. I, I just uh I forgot. Are you there?
Nurse: Yes, that's what I have. I've got the 1 14/70 which is a good BP. Congratulations on that.
Patient: I'm trying to take care of myself. Yeah, it's been, it's been good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I, and I'm very, I'm very happy about that because it was really high sometimes. But I think, um, I asked the doctor for, uh, and I,
Nurse: I, I think so true. Uh, because these pressures that you have recently, they're fantastic.
Patient: Yeah. Oh, ok. I don't know what happened that two days ago. It's been, it's been giving me like error, error. And I said, I gave, I gave up, I said, no, let me call them to see they ma
Nurse: I'm very glad you called. If any other problems happen, don't hesitate to call me and we'll walk through it just like we did today.
Patient: I will. Thank you so much. I appreciate. You're very welcome.
Nurse: You know, you have a great
Patient: Day. You too. Thank you. Bye bye. Thank you. Bye bye.
