Nurse: And when did all your symptoms start? What my, what, when did they start your symptoms? Oh.
Patient: Um, two days ago, not my symptoms. My symptoms, I have chronic, I have chronic sinuses and I take, um, um, like what you call it. Um,
Nurse: So there's nothing different, there's nothing different with this, um, you saying you think you have
Patient: This lump? Yeah, that's what I'm wondering if I have an ear infection. It doesn't hurt, it's just there and, um, it's, I don't know, like it could be something clogged and, you know what I mean? Or a stone or? Oh, I don't know. So, I was just wondering
Nurse: What have you, you have any sore throat or anything that's going on?
Patient: No, not really. Nothing like that. Um, I mean, I like some mornings I wake up and I just, I feel lousy because of sinuses, but I've always had that. So,
Nurse: I mean, but, so you're saying you always had it, but do you take something and it's under control?
Patient: Yeah. But then this lump is here and I don't know what this lump is all about. So,
Nurse: With your congestion, are you blowing anything out
Patient: In the morning? I will cough up like phlegm. Yeah. And
Nurse: What color is it?
Patient: Well, it, sometimes it's clear, sometimes it's a yellowy color, you know, like an infection type thing.
Nurse: Infection is usually green.
Patient: Ok. I don't think it's green. It's more like a yellow.
Nurse: Ok. And you're coughing that up, you're not blowing that out, you're coughing it up.
Patient: Well, what it does like, I wake up in the morning and it just feels like everything's drained and I just spit it out, you know, like I kind of cough it and spit it out. I'm not, I don't think it's my lungs.
Nurse: So, you feel like something is just draining down the back of your throat?
Patient: Yes. Yes. Yes.
Nurse: Have you been tested for COVID?
Patient: No, I haven't. But I don't feel like I have COVID but I haven't been tested for it. I mean, I do have a test that I could try it. I mean, I could test myself.
Nurse: Oh, so you do have a test at home? Yeah. Ok. Because the reason I'm asking, I know you're saying sinus. But a lot of times, you know COVID is mimicking uh sinus infections or just common colds. You know, we never know with COVID. So that's why I was asking if you did test yourself. Have you had any COVID vaccines? I've have them all,
Patient: Even both, both vaccines and both booster. Yeah. It's just like I just don't know what the slumps about. That's the only thing. So I didn't know if it's
Nurse: Something. And another thing with that, we would have to get you tested for COVID to see if you're negative or not before we can even let you come into the office. Now, I see that you did say about going to urgent care. Um you can go to urgent care and uh they will see you without a COVID test. Um OK. But uh if in order for you to come into the office, we would have to get that COVID test done.
Patient: Oh OK. All right. So then I, yeah, I think I will just do um, urgent care. Um, and maybe this weekend because I'm just so tired. I work hard, you know, and I work eight hours. You should
Nurse: Go, you probably should go uh, today between today and tomorrow because we don't want you, you know, going continue to go into the public if it is COVID.
Patient: Well, I'll take a test when I get home.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. Well, once you take that test, just give us a call back um to let us know the results um and uh you know or if you wanna just go ahead and head to urgent care.
Patient: Yeah, I think that's all I do. I'll take a test and I'll probably head to urgent care and have them check
Nurse: It out. Ok? Ok. Sounds good. Well, call us back if you need us. If you should develop any severe shortness of breath, difficulty breathing or chest pain, you need to call 911. Um but you should go in to get tested because we don't want you to you know, be uh if it is COVID just be spreading it around others.
Patient: Yeah, I understand. Alright. Thank you
Nurse: Very much. I hope you feel better. Thank you. Bye bye.
Patient: Thanks.
