Nurse: Oh. And you, you said she went, she's back home right now?
Patient: No, she's in the gardens.
Nurse: Oh, she is in the gardens? Ok. Both of both of them. Both parents and dad.
Patient: Ok. And they're sharing a room?
Nurse: Oh, ok. So, well, I'm glad that even though they're not home they're having someone take care of them and they're together.
Patient: Yes. And she's enjoying not having to cook and clean. Yeah,
Nurse: I think most of us would too. Yeah. Well, yeah, I mean, it's tough but, I mean, it's, it's a relief at the same time. So, um, and as long as she's comfortable too, I mean, uh, did they, what kind did they say? What kind of cancer it is?
Patient: No, because it's through out our body.
Nurse: Oh, ok. Oh. And then what about, what about your mom?
Patient: Well, she, um, it's getting around better since the knee replacement. And she's, uh, we staying at the woods and now we're looking at [PHI-Personal], moving her back into her home. It's a senior living, [PHI-Personal] type situation,
Nurse: Her home or where she currently is ok. Home. So, like you said, um, is it independent living? But on a like facility grounds? Ok.
Patient: It's independent in and they were supposed to have, um, when the plans were put in motion, they would have, um, a building that they could move into if they needed more care. But no bu wanted to, uh, and buy it and build that. So they just built more independent homes.
Nurse: Ok. Oh, well. And then she will, she have any, um, care when she goes back, like any home health or,
Patient: Uh, we're working on that. Um, we've got her to agree to three days, two hours, uh, at each of those three days and then the family would be, um, and I are going grocery shopping. Ok, with her and my sister is going to be going. Hm. Ok. And so we're ok. Well, it
Nurse: Sounds like you're ta it's nice that you're taking your time and figuring all this out because I'm glad that she's gonna get the care and go back and you're gonna help, but there's also gonna be some help as well. So there's not gonna be an overburden because part of caring for others is also caring for yourself.
Patient: Um, there's a, uh, they've ordered one of the, uh, fall alerts.
Nurse: Oh, ok. Life alert. Yeah. Ok. Well, that's good. That gives you a peace of mind too. Um, that she has that extra, not set of eyes, but if anything were to happen, you have that too. So, well then, I mean, I saw that you just going back to, to you, your care, you had your Medicare visit on the [PHI-Personal] and yes, um, looks like everything went Ok. Um, just scrolling down here. Um, it was Doctor [PHI-Personal]. Is that, who is that? Because they were talking about, um, prevnar 20. What? Um, a specialist? Doctor [PHI-Personal]
Patient: Pulmonologist? Oh, ok. Did you see him? And he's told to, um, lung specialist down in, at [PHI-Geographic]? Mhm. And they, um, uh, sending me to a neurologist at [PHI-Geographic]? Ok. To, um, see if it's the nerves and muscle that aren't letting my lungs expand. Oh,
Nurse: Let me see. Let me see if I can pull that
Patient: Up because I'm waiting for a call.
Nurse: [PHI-Account]. That's when you
Patient: Went [PHI-Personal] office because he, he actually picked, uh, an, a specific neurologist who dealt with the problems similar to what I'm having.
Nurse: They stopped your lung or your lung, your oxygen. I did. Yes.
Patient: Yeah. Ok.
Nurse: Oh, ok. To rule out A LS. Mhm. They, I just look at her to rule out A LS. Do not start ID. So, are you familiar with, um, a alss?
Patient: Um, Lou Gehrig's disease? Yeah. Where the muscles start shutting down and don't work.
Nurse: Yeah. So it's a um progressive neurological or neuro degen degenerative disease that affects the cells in the brain and the spinal cord. Um, so it just the lateral part of it, the cause it's um lateral sclerosis or um, it's lateral, identifies the areas in your spinal cord where portions of the nerve cells that signal and control the muscles are located. So, Um, yeah, with you getting that. Did you, do you have an appointment made for that yet?
Patient: Um, I'm waiting, uh, they said wait two weeks and if I haven't heard from them then they gave me a number to call.
Nurse: Ok. All right. I just looking here they actually, I'm just reading into a little bit more. They've actually made progress in understanding how the disease works. So, that's good because I know not, It's, it's, yeah, there used to not be enough information but now it seems like there's a little bit more. So. Mhm. All right. Well, I'll have to follow up and see when your appointment is, or when that will be scheduled when I call you next month. Um, and then it's good that you no longer need your oxygen. Have you been short of breath without your oxygen when, I don't know when the last time was that you used it?
Patient: Um, I have, um, the machine but I find that I got an electric wheelchair and I don't need it as much.
Nurse: Ok. And you said what machine was that again?
Patient: You know, g, um, I have a, a small backpack that that's in. Oh, ok. But I'm finding what air I do manage to get in and out. I'm making good use of. Ok.
Nurse: Do you watch your oxygen levels at all?
Patient: I probably should, but I don't. Ok.
Nurse: Do you have a pulse ox?
Patient: Yes. Ok. It says on the finger
Nurse: Yep, you got it. So and that measures um because part of our um the need for our oxygen use, the pulse ox is a good in indicator of what our oxygen level is because uh the percentage of our hemoglobin that is saturated with oxygen is the pulse oximeter or the abbreviation is SPO two. So the higher number of course is the better. Um So whenever it declines the lungs to transport the oxygen to the blood is impaired, that can cause the shortness of breath. So, and if you have one, ju just make sure if your fingers are cold that can um give you an accurate reading. So just warming up the fingers and um making sure you don't have dark nail polish. So. Right. All right. Well, I'm glad to hear that things are getting better with your parents and your in laws and I will follow up next month. Do you have any questions for me or do you need anything from me while I have you on the phone? No, I'm good. All right. Well, thank you for returning my call and you have a good rest of your day.
Patient: You too. All right, thanks. Bye bye bye.
