Nurse: Ok, that's fine. No problem. Um,
Patient: Well, I know I have after this therapy, I'll be having therapy at the doctor at the surgeon's office where they have machines and stuff there.
Nurse: Ok. On your knee. Yeah. Got you. Ok. Um, and then is this the best number to reach you normally? Yes. 7786 or no, 8381 Mobile? Ok. Um, all right. And then I've got your insurance. Uh, your primary is, um, regular Medicare and then a secondary of Blue Cross, Blue Shield Medicare advantage. Is that right? Right. Perfect. And then, uh, are morning or afternoon calls normally better for you.
Patient: It, it doesn't really matter.
Nurse: Ok. All right. And then, um, that's it from my side for that part. Ok. So, um, I'm gonna be giving you a call each month. Um, and of course, this is very flexible with this whole program, of course, is voluntary, but typically, um, we'll call each month unless you need more or less and just kind of checking in to see how you're doing, um, how you're feeling we can review your office visits, um, with doctor [PHI-Personal] or any specialties that you see, uh, if we have those, um, records where we can go over those with you a lot easier just to see if you have questions on the recommendations and make sure you're able to get any medicines they prescribe, uh, keep you up with your refills, that sort of thing. Um, a lot of what we do involves education as well, um, on your medications and make sure you're aware of side effects and things like that. Um, and then we can help you with your appointments, getting them scheduled. Um, and we're kind of a direct line to the provider is basically what we are. We're kind of a middle person. So if you have any issues or changes that you need the doctor to be aware of, especially if you're having any issues getting, getting through or anything, then you're welcome to call, uh call me and let me know and we can help out with that. Um So again, I'll send you out a letter. It's got my contact information. It's also gonna have a list of uh wellness goals for you for the year. Uh Medicare puts out um a list of things that they would like you to participate in over the course of the year. Uh things like preventative screenings, vaccines, your office visits, that kind of thing. So, um we'll, we'll kind of map that out and then when you have your annual visit with, with doctor [PHI-Personal] and the nurse, then they'll re the nurse will review all that with you to make sure um that it's tailored to you. I'm, I'm gonna tailor it to you. Of course, but you, you can always update those with the nurse as well. Just fy. Um, so, and if you wanted to jot my number down, I can go ahead and give that to you. Um, the one on the caller id is just the last four digits are different. Um, because my calls go out through the main number. Um, but let me know when you're ready. I'm ready. Oh well, what am I saying? You called me with the [PHI-Account], didn't you? Sorry, can't get my head in the game this morning. But yeah that [PHI-Account] is, is my direct line.
Patient: [PHI-Personal]
Nurse: [PHI-Geographic]
Patient: [PHI-Account]. Ok. And you're [PHI-Personal],
Nurse: I'm [PHI-Personal]. T er I. Ok. And that way um and if you can save that number in your phone, um that'll help you know that it's me calling because sometimes with mobile carriers, we're finding that our calls are being uh flagged as scam or spam calls.
Patient: That can tell when I, when I, I was actually in the middle of an exercise I walked over and looked and it did say spam.
Nurse: Ok. Um and we've been trying to get that, that rectified with the carriers. Do you mind me asking who you use so that I can get a message to him about it? Ok, I will let them know about that. Um, and then the other thing I'd like to try to do with you before we complete this call is just review your medication list. I just would like to make sure that I have, um, a correct list so that if you do have any issues with them or you're needing refills, then when you call, I've already got everything up to date and that just makes it, um, uh, easier and quicker for you too
Patient: When you repeat your phone number again.
Nurse: Oh, sure. No problem. It's [PHI-Account], [PHI-Account], [PHI-Account]. Yes. Ok. And I'm [PHI-Personal], I'm one of the [PHI-Personal] managers.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: Ok. Mhm. All right. And then if I read your medicine list off, can you tell me yes or no if I have these correct? Ok. Um, so because sometimes things get discontinued or changed and, um, we don't always get notified. So anyway, just wanna make sure. So I've got, um, Acyclovir 400 mg daily, right? Ok. I've got clonazePAM, 0.5 mg at night as needed, right? Ok. And then there's the, uh, Darzalex SRO um, injection, let's see. Right. Uh, how often is that?
Patient: Well, uh, I was at the point where it was every other week but I had to stop, uh, that after I got to surgery they wanted to hold off on that and also you probably have revlimid there.
Nurse: Um, let's see. Yes, that's on there too. The
Patient: Capsules Ok, that one was, was stopped. Uh, it's on hold is what it is until I see the doctor when I should restart it. Uh, the Darzalex, that will be, that's in the same boat. And also, uh, the DEXAmet. Ok. That's on hold. Those three are I'm taking for multiple myeloma. Ok. And they're on hold until I see where they want me to start back after this knee surgery.
Nurse: Ok. No
Patient: Problem. So, I don't know when that'll be, I'm seeing the surgeon tomorrow. I don't know what his recommendation would be at this point or not.
Nurse: Right. Right. I understand. But
Patient: You can go on now with the rest of them. It should be. Yeah.
Nurse: Well, the site that there too, I'm trying to make sure I get those noted.
Patient: Yeah, the is one of them, it's on hold also.
Nurse: It is. Ok.
Patient: So that's four of them, I guess.
Nurse: Right. Uh, pending. Uh,
Patient: So once my doctor or surgeon clears me, then I'm supposed to get back with my office to see. So that, that Darzalex I was taking every week and then it goes to every other week and then eventually it'll go once a month. And I was like in the middle of the, every other week when this knee thing came up.
Nurse: Got you. Ok. Are you getting any replacements?
Patient: Yeah, I had a, a knee replacement and I'm gonna have to have the other one done whenever they, you said it be at least two months before I could do the other one.
Nurse: OK. Got you. All right. And then I've got the lenalidomide capsule five mg. Uh Actually the last time we asked about it, you reported not taking it. So that one we're not taking, is that,
Patient: Is it, what is that one? Is that,
Nurse: That, that one I think is also for,
Patient: Is it NRO
Nurse: Or no? Let me double check that real quick because this one
Patient: Might be the Ed thing.
Nurse: Oh yeah. You know what it was in there twice. It was in there as a brand name and as a generic name. That's why I'm going, I thought I saw that somewhere.
Patient: Yeah, it is twice. Ok. It's on
Nurse: Hold. Ok. Um And then how about the Lisinopril 20 mg twice a day? Yes, that's from Elizabeth. Ok. And then you got Skelaxin or Metaxalone 803 times a day as needed. It's a muscle relaxer.
Patient: I'm not taking that no more
Nurse: Ever done with that one. Yeah. All right. And then the last one I have is the rosuvastatin five mg. That's Crestor,
Patient: Right. And even though what you probably have there and they did it for refill purposes because it got too confusing. I actually only take that every other day. Ok, I see. Is that
Nurse: All, that's all I think I can think of. I've got one more place to look for these. I know I had some outside ones that were that I needed to clean up as well. Um, so these are from records that come to us and they get, um, kind of shoved in the chart until we can make them pretty. But, um, I've got Atenolol 500 that you can take two of those every eight hours, but that was for a couple of weeks. Um, that was just recently though. Are you still taking the Tylenol for? Now that
Patient: The call will end tomorrow? Ok, for tonight, actually. Ok. I don't know if you got OxyContin oxyCODONE or whatever. Um,
Nurse: That was on the list here it is. I got several things on here. I'm sorry, but I've got oxyCODONE, a five mg immediate release tablet. Um Let's see,
Patient: [PHI-Personal],
Nurse: It was listed twice. So hang on just a second here. Let me see which one I need to keep this one's more recent. So let's do this. All right. And then you said traMADol you were starting to say,
Patient: Yeah. No, those two, I, I'm not using the traMADol. I'm not using uh, the Tylenol will end tonight. Um, Meloxicam. I think that ends tonight. Actually, that list. All the only thing I have left to take out for the knee surgery is, uh, the baby aspirin twice a day.
Nurse: I was gonna say hang on is let me, let me run down this list. I'm sorry if I'm have to skip around, I'm liable to miss something. I'm sorry. Bear with me just a moment. Um, the next thing was, is the aspirin, you said you're taking the enteric coated aspirin. Right. Right. So I can add that one. All right. And then this computer doesn't go as fast as my brain wants to go. So, it slows me down a little. All right. And then there's, um, an antibiotic that was from [PHI-Geographic]. The cefadroxil 500 from the ninth. That's done. Ok. And then Docusate sodium, which is, excuse me, a soft gel for, uh, as a stool softener.
Patient: Yeah, that's done.
Nurse: Done. Ok. And then gabapentin 300. Uh, let's no, I don't have directions on that right here, but that's from,
Patient: I, I, they were gonna recommend that and they made the, the first prescription and had me pick it up and I had never taken it and I, so that off the table.
Nurse: Got you. All right. And then I've got Meloxicam 15 mg or I
Patient: Got one more to take and that'll be gone.
Nurse: Ok. Almost done. All right. And then I've got Zofran or Ondansetron for nausea.
Patient: I haven't been taking that. No. Ok. You
Nurse: Have it available if you need it. I
Patient: Have it here but I haven't, I, I'm not using it.
Nurse: Ok. No worries. Um I just still wanna mark these as that. You have them available that way if you were to need them. Um, then it links with the pharmacy a little bit so that they can send a refill versus kind of starting over. Um So if we keep those just showing that you, that they're active with you, then it won't close it out at the pharmacy wherever you got it. Um And then the revlimid that one we already covered and I think that's all I've got on that list. Yeah. Ok. That's all I got. All right. Is it, is there, are there any others that I didn't mention?
Patient: Not like, can think of Lisinopril? I take it. That's about it. I mean, when I get back to, well, once I get the, my stuff going other than that other central taken, I guess.
Nurse: Got you. Ok. And then are you, do you have a date scheduled for your surgery?
Patient: Not for the, the second knee? No,
Nurse: For the knee. Ok.
Patient: I just, this is actually what it say when, when I had this one. So it's just been two weeks for this.
Nurse: So this is, um, physical therapy for your first new knee. Yes. And
Patient: It'll be, I'd say at least two months before we'd be thinking into the second me.
Nurse: Ok. All right. I think I got everything updated as much as, um, uh, I need right now. Um, any questions for me on how the care management program works?
Patient: You have anything, huh? No. No.
Nurse: Ok. Well, I will check in with you guys then, um, after your office visits, um, probably next month or if you need something before then. But feel free to give me a call. We're here Monday through Friday. Uh, you can usually get us between 8 34. Ok. Ok. You guys have a good day. Take care of that knee, right? Have a good one. Bye bye bye.
