Nurse: Ok. So she's still with us. She's just, um, doing some other things, but I'll be your nurse from here on out. So, if you need me prior to me calling you, um, every month you can give me a call at this number. So, um, has there been any changes since you last spoke with, um, [PHI-Personal]? No. No. Ok. Well, good. I'm glad to hear that. They say sometimes no news is good news. So, did you have a good Christmas too? Yes, I did. Good. Good. Well, it looks like I was looking at your chart. It looks like there's not too many changes. I see that you have an upcoming appointment, um, for lab work on the [PHI-Personal] of [PHI-Personal] and then with doctor on the 28. So, yeah. Um, I know we went over or the nurse went over your meds back in April. So they'll do that at the upcoming appointment. So we don't need to really go through your meds. So, um, how have your sugars been running?
Patient: Uh, they've been good this week when I took it. It was 10, it was 1 O2.
Nurse: Ok. How, and how often do you check it once a week? Ok. And is that right in the morning? Like fasting? Um, actually,
Patient: No, I check it, um, like right before lunch. Ok. My fasting is always higher than if I check it like two hours after eating and, you know, doctor explained, there's some sort of, there's something that's not unheard of. But, yeah, my fasting is always higher than if I take it a little bit later in the day.
Nurse: Ok. Oh, well, that's interesting. I mean, I'm glad that you guys figured out that together and it's not uncommon. I never heard of that. So, thank you for telling me that because
Patient: I don't know, there's a name for it. I don't know what it is.
Nurse: Ok. Well, that's good. And then do you typically check on the same, same day every week? Yeah,
Patient: It's usually on, uh, Wednesday.
Nurse: Ok. And then that's, that's been around the, you said 1 O2 was this week. Um, yeah,
Patient: That was actually a little lower than usual. It's usually around, I would say the average is 1 15, 1 20.
Nurse: Ok. Well, that's a good number because, I mean, they want, uh, anything less than 11 30. So, um, yeah, that's good. And have you had any episodes you said that's lower than normal? Have you had any episodes of hypoglycemia? Like the low blood sugar? No, any, any feelings of that? Do you know what that feels like for you? Have you ever experienced that? I've never
Patient: Experienced it.
Nurse: Ok. So some, some things that you can experience and everything's different, like you said, just even with your sugars, first thing in the morning can be different, but they're different from person to person. But uh obviously hunger would be a sign that your blood sugar is low because your body is saying, hey, I need something to eat. Um, shakiness, dizziness and even um sleepiness feeling fatigued. I mean, it can go, go both ways though because this, of course our blood sugars go up and it can make us feel tired if we have too many carbs at once. So those are just, those are just some episodes but you, you've not had any episodes of those. No, no. Good. Yeah. Good. And then, um, for you, I'm just looking at your last, your A one C oh, I guess you'll be having your A one C probably at the upcoming lab. Ok. And then your A one C back in August was sorry, my computer must be on Friday mode. It's not working very well. So back in August it was, um, 6.7. So that's, that's not too bad. And then you're just on the, are you just on Metformin? You're not on insulin. I'm not on Metformin. I'm on two. You're not on Metformin. Never mind. There's, there's a bunch of MS and I'm sorry, I looked way too quickly. So, yeah, you're just, or is it more so you're just, uh, do diet control
Patient: It? [PHI-Geographic]?
Nurse: [PHI-Geographic]? Yeah. Right. Sorry. Like I said, my thing is being really laggy today. Ok. So, yeah, the [PHI-Geographic] and then your A one C that is just to, um, shows how your blood sugars have been regulated over the last 2 to 3 months. Obviously, the higher it is the poorer your blood control is and then, um, blood sugar goes up and down throughout the day as you're aware because you check it before lunch. Um, and the A one C A one C doesn't show that. But, so you having a, a one C of, um, of course 6.7 is, is a diabetic range. But, um, that, that's good that you're, seems to be staying around that, that area. Do you, um, do you do exer, do you exercise or stay active? Yeah. Try. Ok. Is that like, do you enj enjoy walking or what do you usually do walking? Yeah. Ok. Ok. Today is not a bad day. The sun's actually out. It was like, oh, it was like the sun hit me like this feels good. I know. Yeah. So. Ok. Well, I'm glad to hear that that's going well and everything seems to be going well for you and there's no, no changes. I looked at your, um, cardio, uh, cardiology appointment that went well too and they just said follow up and in a year. So I'm glad to hear things are going well. So, um, and just a couple of questions, et, we're asked to ask these questions once a year. These are your annual screenings for depression on how you've been feeling over the last two weeks. So, um, in the last two weeks, uh et have you had little interest or pleasure in doing things? Ok. Have you felt down depressed or hopeless? No, not really. No. Ok. Um Trouble falling asleep, staying asleep or sleeping too much.
Patient: Uh I, sometimes I have trouble falling asleep. I have a mind that tends to, when it gets quiet. My mind starts to
Nurse: The, like the thoughts.
Patient: Yeah, just thoughts. And there are always random thoughts. I mean, it isn't even necessarily anything I worry about. It's just, I,
Nurse: It's just, I, I can, I can, I can actually agree with you. I completely understand and it's like I want to go to sleep. Why am I even thinking about this right now? Yeah. You
Patient: Know, it's not a problem. So,
Nurse: Yeah. Ok. Does it keep you awake or is it just like they happen and eventually you can fall asleep eventually I fall asleep. Yeah. Ok. Yeah, that, and then do you do, do you do anything, or do you take anything to help you fall asleep at night or is it just the thoughts? And you're, you think about them for a little bit and you're good. Uh, if
Patient: It gets too long I'll get up and walk around because sometimes that helps. Ok. And then that's good. Yeah. And I also, I just put, um, oh, I had an old tablet here and I just put one of those relaxing things on, oh, like a, you know,
Nurse: Calming app or whatever. Yeah.
Patient: So I'm gonna, if it happens I'm gonna try that.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, that's good. I'm glad to hear that you're, you're aware of what, how you're feeling because, and then you're trying different things. So I'm good. Like the distraction and you're trying, like, meditation and sometimes just the white noise or just sound or whatever can really be helpful. So, yeah. Yeah. Good. Um, what about feeling tired or having little energy?
Patient: I had some of that, um, off and on over the last month or so. But, um, it's been kind of dreary and cold and I think that contributes, I, I feel better when the sun's shining.
Nurse: Ok. Like, since, like, the cold weather is affecting you or, like the season change and just not having the sunlight.
Patient: I think it's the, I think it's both.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah. Ok. Yeah, it's not uncommon for um some people that just have, it's not saying that they're being treated for it, but everybody can experience changes with the season, like the um seasonal affective disorder or just feeling a little down during the season because of the lack of sunlight because sunlight uh ha actually helps. Not, of course, we don't want too much of it because of the cause can, can cause cancer. But um it produces vitamin D and then vitamin D is not only good for um our mental health with battling depression and helping with fatigue, but it's also good for um keeping us uh well, for battling any viruses that make us sick. So, yeah, plus I
Patient: Had also had, I guess the, the cold and stuff that's been going around too. So um a lot of things going on.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. Um What about poor appetite or overeating? No, no. OK. Um Feeling bad about yourself or that you let yourself or your family down? No. Ok. Um Any issues on concentrating on things like reading a newspaper or watching television? No, no. OK. And have you or others noticed that you've been moving or speaking so slowly or the opposite being fidgety or restless. Uh No. OK. And any thoughts of self harm? No. OK. And I know you answered like some or all uh more than some days that um to have those problems made it difficult for you to get your work done. Take care of things at home or get along with other people. No. Ok. All right. Well, I mean, you're not positive for a depression, like you said, and you're aware that you have issues with sleep and you're trying different interventions to help you fall asleep faster and then once you're asleep, are you able to stay asleep? Yeah. Yeah. Ok. Ok. Good. All right. And then, um I think that's all questions I have for you. Do you have any questions for me or do you need anything from me?
Patient: No, no, it's ok right now.
Nurse: Okey doke. Well, um you have a good New Year's. I'll call you next month but if you need anything prior to next month, you can always give me a call. Yes. Yes. All right. You have a good one. Thank you for re returning my call. Sure. No problem. Have a good one. Thank you. Mhm. Bye bye.
