Nurse: So let me just tell you. So let me just tell you real quick that, um, this call is gonna be recorded for training purposes. And um, the care management program in which you qualify for with your [PHI-Personal] insurance is a phone call from a care management nurse and that nurse would call you at your convenience as frequently or as infrequently as you wish. And she would basically just call you in between office visits with doctor [PHI-Personal] just to check in to make sure that you're feeling good and continuing to feel good in between those visits. Um, but she could also assist you if you were to need medication refills or test results. Um, or if you had any acute medical questions or concerns she could help with that stuff also. Um It is, it is a bill service to [PHI-Personal], [PHI-Personal] Advantage and secondary insurance plans and the calls are subject to deductibles and coinsurance. And your nurse would always document the phone calls she has with you and send them directly to doctor [PHI-Personal] as part of your medical record. Ok. So that is the care management program. Um, yeah. Do you think that I can get you set up with your nurse for a morning or an afternoon call?
Patient: Um, it's all paid by my insurance, correct?
Nurse: Um, so you have [PHI-Personal] Primary and then the Medigap Blue Cross as your secondary. Is that correct? Yeah. Ok. So it's billed just like an office visit that you would have with Doctor [PHI-Personal]. And, and typically the only thing that you're responsible for out of pocket would be a copay if you had one when you went to his office and it doesn't look like you do. Is that correct?
Patient: No, I never have a copay.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah. Then you should not be responsible for anything out of pocket, um, for a care management call. Ok. Ok. And, um, is what would happen? Is your nurse would call you within the next two weeks or so, um, introduce herself. Get to know you a little bit, go over your medications and your health history and then you and her would make a care plan to determine how frequently you would like for her to call you. Um, so it wouldn't be like a constant, you know, you're not gonna get a ton of phone calls, um, unless you requested that, um, we have some patients that get calls once a month, we have some patients that get calls once every three or even every six months. It's completely your preference.
Patient: Mhm. And can I ask why, why are they doing this?
Nurse: Um, it's a, yeah, so it's just, it's just a new program, um, that temple physicians, um, a whole bunch of different temple practices have, um, started doing within the past couple months. Um, kind of like a little bit more, uh, to be more involved with our patients and have a little bit more communication in between the office visits that they have that or that you have with your doctor.
Patient: Mhm. Oh. So, since he's so busy, maybe that's why they're doing this.
Nurse: Um, I can't speak directly for that. Um, but, yeah, like I said, it's just kind of like a little bit of, uh, a little bit of an extra service that they're, they're trying to add on to your, um, to your regular care.
Patient: Oh, ok.
Nurse: Yeah. And it's not something that you're locked into for life. Um, you know, if you decide that you wanna get a call and you, let's say you, you know, you change your mind in the next couple months or so. You can absolutely opt out at any time.
Patient: Mhm. Yeah. As long as I don't have to pay anything that's fine with
Nurse: Me. Ok. So is what I'll do is I'll get you set up with your nurse. Her name is gonna be [PHI-Personal] and, um, I can confirm, I will make sure that I confirm with one of our billers that you won't have anything out of pocket and [PHI-Personal] will have that information when she calls you. Ok. Ok. Um the phone number I have listed in your chart is the [PHI-Account]. Is that the best number for her to reach you at?
Patient: Uh Yes.
Nurse: Ok. And do you have a time of day preference for calls? Morning, afternoon
Patient: Um afternoon, not, not morning. I I do physical therapy in the morning.
Nurse: Ok, so you want morning and then.
Patient: Oh no I don't want morning. Oh I'm
Nurse: Sorry I'm sorry I'm glad you spoke that I'm sorry afternoon. Ok and then your address is it the [PHI-Geographic] in [PHI-Geographic]? Yes. Ok and the zip is [PHI-Geographic]. Correct?
Patient: Mhm.
Nurse: All right. So I'm gonna mail you a welcome letter and I will confirm that um copay information and billing information with our biller and [PHI-Personal] should reach out to you within the next two weeks. Ok.
Patient: Ok, and what's it called again?
Nurse: It's called Care [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Ok
Patient: That ok that's fine. Alright.
Nurse: Awesome. Well, thank you, Laura for calling me back. I do really appreciate your time and I hope that you have a great rest of your day. Thanks. You too. Thank you. Bye bye bye bye.
