Nurse: Ma'am. All right. So, I was calling to check in to see how everything was going. I know there, there was, um, kind of a lot back and forth there and with the eye surgery.
Patient: Yeah, I've got good news about that. So, yeah. Oh, good. Yeah. Yeah, we had an appointment with the specialist yesterday. I had another follow up appointment and the surgery. Eye, the hole has closed. Oh, I mean, it's not completely healed but it has closed and as she's looking at it, she said, I think the other one is closed on its own. So the other one closed, it's not healed as much as the one that had the surgery, but she's gonna keep an eye on it. We don't have to go back until no Oh, thank God right now, a
Nurse: Big, big concern is him having that another surgery because,
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. So, anyway, so right now, I mean, there's a chance that it's, you know, reopen or whatever, but she, like I said, we're keeping a, gonna keep an eye on it and, uh, hopefully it'll continue to heal and we won't have to do that again. That would be fantastic. Yeah. Yeah, that was good news. So, yeah. Yeah, just yesterday afternoon we found out. So, yeah, everything is better.
Nurse: Yeah, that sounds absolutely fantastic. Now, how is he doing? Being able to see a little bit better and I know he got his ears cleaned out too. So that right.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. Now the one hearing aid is bothering him again still. But I, I think it's the way that the hearing aids so is here and that if he doesn't get his glasses on just right, it makes a sound in his ear because it's touching that silver part that goes behind the ear or the wire or something. So, I'm trying to get that figured out because we did go back to the, um, or we got the hearing aids and she did make an adjustment. She changed the little part that goes in his ear and made the wire a little bit longer. So I know they'll work with us that it's just really hard to try to figure out exactly what's happening there. But, yeah, and I definitely got the debrox. We'll be doing that. So, what, you know, Debrox, uh, yes.
Nurse: Yes.
Patient: Earwax will be, yeah, we'll be doing that just as well and that
Nurse: Will, that will really soften everything out. Um, um, one thing I found that really works well is ear candling. Now, you'll have to have them lay, lay still while you do it. But if you use the debrox and loosen everything up, the ear candling really does work
Patient: Well too. If you, what was that? I've never heard of that before. It's, um,
Nurse: It's actually an old timey medicine thing but, uh, you can buy them in the stores now too and it's a long be wax candle that's wrapped, um, in gauze, like a, a be wax. So gauze and what you do is you have a, you have them lay down with the ear, you want up, um, drip a towel around his ear and you actually put the candle in his ear and you light the other end and what it does is it draws all the wa wax from the ear up into the candle.
Patient: Oh. Um, I just have to kind of run out. Yeah. Oh,
Nurse: Yeah. What, now, if it's really hard, it doesn't work well. Which is why I, I normally say, you know, try it after you've used the soften it up. But, um,
Patient: Yes, really big chunk. So, yeah. Yeah. I, I
Nurse: Personally use them on my husband all the time. Because he, he has. So, I, I don't understand how men can make so much ear wax.
Patient: I don't, um, I forgot that she's had to have hers cleaned up. She has a ear wax too. Yeah. Sometimes I think with his clearing aid, you know, pushing in or whatever, all the time it's like, yeah. Yeah, exactly. Check into that.
Nurse: I, I know you can buy them at Target because that's where I get mine. To be honest, I haven't exactly looked at any other store since I found them
Patient: There. And what, um, what is it?
Nurse: It's, um, an ear candle,
Patient: Ear candle. Ok. They
Nurse: Actually should be right next to the Debrox when you go to look for them. Ok. They normally,
Patient: Um, yeah, I can definitely go to, I mean,
Nurse: Rite Aid might have some, I, I just, I don't have a Rite Aid local to me. That's easy to get into. So.
Patient: Right. Yeah. Ok. All right. I'll check into it. Ok.
Nurse: So with the hearing better and the eyes slightly better has, have you noticed his mood get any better?
Patient: Uh, well, the gas bubble still in there. So that kind of, you know, gets to him still and see in the bugs, you know, it still, you know, that bubble cut and stuff. So, but she said definitely by [PHI-Personal] around that it should be gone the bubble. So he still has to not sleep on his back and not get you know, reclining in a recliner until that gas bubble is gone. So. Oh, jeez.
Nurse: How's that going?
Patient: Yeah, he's kind of gotten used to that. So, but I, he's definitely a back sleeper. I, you know, mostly two, a couple of times a night. I have to remind him that he can't be laying on his back. So,
Nurse: Yeah, I actually had one patient. She sewed tennis balls into the back of her husband's, uh, shirt right along the spine so he couldn't roll over. It worked. I don't know if you're that crafty. I'm not.
Patient: No, I usually try to stop a pillow if I'm not. Right. He goes to bed before I do sometimes. So I stuck one of the bigger fatter pillows there and try to keep them. He's pretty good about it though, you know, in a while, you know, it takes a minute to get him to roll over on his side. But he does pretty good now. So we'll be all done with it. Hopefully the first of [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. Only one more month.
Patient: Yeah. Are you scheduling, like, do you know if they're scheduling, like, flu shots and the booster for COVID yet there or?
Nurse: Um, I do believe they're starting to do the flu shot. Let me, I just saw something about that the other day. Let me,
Patient: Ok. Just going to you a lot of times we just go to Rite Aid because we can walk in there a lot of the time and just get them done. But I just wondered about the, the new COVID booster too. I didn't know
Nurse: Actually, you know what? I apologize. I was in my, I, I cover two offices. Um, the other office is doing the, is doing a, a, uh, flu shot clinic. I don't know if doctor [PHI-Personal] is, I will, I will, um, email [PHI-Personal] and find out. I do know as of right now you cannot get COVID boosters. Um, the, the FDA did approve the new booster shot, um, under an emergency authorization. The only thing with that is since that one was approved under that emergency authorization due to the wording of emergency authorizations in general that removes the previous booster shots authorization
Patient: Because we're all up to date with all of them except the most recent
Nurse: One. Ok. And you can't actually even get that right now. It's just starting production. The, I know I spoke with CV S in Lyle and they said two months was what they were
Patient: Told. Yeah. Ok.
Nurse: And I don't believe they're gonna be doing those booster shots in office. They didn't do the last ones in
Patient: Office. Ok. All right. Yeah. Well, that's not really, not a problem, you know, I luck getting them from r I thought I just ask about them was a little concern when I thought he was gonna have to have the next surgery about getting a flu shot or something, you know. Because of having surgery. But now that's not to be a problem. We'll just get them done here soon.
Nurse: The other thing is I wouldn't do a booster shot with a flu vaccine. That's a lot for the immune
Patient: System to handle. Yeah. Yeah. No, I just, yeah, I was just curious about the, the COVID booster more than, yeah. Unfortunately
Nurse: They're just starting production on it. I don't know why they didn't, I guess they were waiting until it was approved to start production.
Patient: But, hey, this time money is going down to free stuff, I guess too. And looking for funds. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. Free. So, everybody's looking for money each day. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah. All right. Ok.
Nurse: And how are you doing with everything? Any concerns for your health?
Patient: You know, I feel better now that I know we're, we're not going to go through that again right away. Oh, good.
Nurse: Well, that's, that's
Patient: Very helpful. Yeah. Yeah, I'm doing ok with the Fosamax. I get, sometimes I feel pretty achy and at one point I thought, jeez, I'm really achy but I don't know, like it's so much going on that. It's hard to tell what, you know, would be making me feel, feel achy. I was getting like a, almost a sharper pain through, from my elbow to my wrist and my forearm there a little and, but I've had issues there anyway, like tendonitis but it was weird that it was, you know, a sharper pain sometimes they, they get bad, they throb or whatever, but it's not usually that kind of, but it's not all the time. So I don't, I just keep, you know, it gets to be a concern that, you know, and my back's been a little more achy than, than normal, but then I haven't been as active either because of what's going on. So we'll just give it some time.
Nurse: Yeah. Unfortunately that is one of the most common side effects that we hear is bone aching.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. Um, that's like years ago. I wouldn't take it when they wanted me to because I, it made me ache all over and just said, nope, I don't like it. So that, and that's for
Nurse: A long time ago. Yeah. With the change in weather too right now, that's probably not helping. Even with just general.
Patient: Not a forever medication, I guess. Right. You don't take it. They asked me to take it. I thought I was gonna have to take it forever. And I said, no, I'm not doing it because it's, you know, but it is how long they normally keep it. Keep you on it. Once you get,
Nurse: Generally you do want to stay on it because once you stop it, then you stop rebuilding that bone mass. Um, if your Dexa scans come back normal, then definitely, um, we could talk about stopping it. But unfortunately, once you start start having that, that brittle bone, it is generally recommended to continue
Patient: With it. Yeah. I mean, that was like 20 years ago. They wanted me to take it. I'm glad I was. Yeah, that was in [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. So, and now since then the bone in the jaws and the hips and the femurs, I, I'm glad I didn't take it back then.
Nurse: Um, you can take some Tylenol, um, to help with that if you'd like, um,
Patient: Stretching. Yeah, it's not that, like I said, once, now that he's gonna be done with that, we'll probably get, hopefully get back into doing some more exercise and walking more regularly again. So that, uh, should help
Nurse: That. Yeah, that does help. A lot of people do say that that extra walking and, and the exercise would do it. Um, one of the things here I would like to do if you're ok with it. Um, just because you do have the diagnosis here of anxiety and I've kind of should have done it last month but you had so much going on with the eye surgery. Uh, I held off. Um, there is a screening questionnaire that I need to go through with you. Is it ok if we do that now?
Patient: Well, I'm actually sitting at the garage waiting to take my car in to get it inspected, but I wanted to touch base, so we'll do that later. I give you a call again. Or do you want to call me when you got time.
Nurse: No, that's fine. Why don't you give me a call back when you have time? It's just a quick seven questions. So it shouldn't take more than like five minutes.
Patient: Ok. All right, I'll do that.
Nurse: All right. Well, thank you so much for your call back. I hope everything goes smoothly and. All right, have
Patient: A good day. Thank you. Bye bye bye bye.
