Nurse: Yeah. Um ok, I
Patient: Didn't hear you. I wait, I didn't hear the phone. You just now called today.
Nurse: Let me look, I gotta see. Yes, I left a message on your phone about [PHI-Account]. Looks
Patient: Like what? I don't understand this. Ok. This is really weird. Uh ok. Um you, you're, you're telling me that you've called me four times and left a voicemail.
Nurse: No, I didn't say I called you four times. Oh my God,
Patient: Because I, oh my God,
Nurse: I'm at [PHI-Account] today and left a message is what I said. Ok,
Patient: Uh Well, it's not even one o'clock, is it?
Nurse: Well, it all depends upon. Oh, that's where you travel for. I'm sorry, I'm central time. So, yeah. Ok. It could be. Where are you at? I'm central time.
Patient: Where, where are you
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]? Um, at central time? Uh, I don't, I work with the, no. Can you
Patient: Need no, you, if you can't an answer me a simple question, I'm not gonna answer yours because they're personal questions for me and you can't tell me where you
Nurse: Are. I just told you,
Patient: Oh, you said central time? I, I don't know what that means.
Nurse: I said [PHI-Geographic]. Did you not hear the word Kus? No, I did not.
Patient: Ok. Ok. Yeah, I've been told ne need a hearing aid. So,
Nurse: Uh I'm gonna try a headpiece. Is that better?
Patient: His name? Oh, yeah, I can hear you but way better. You don't sound like you're, you're on it. Were you on a speaker phone before?
Nurse: Um, I have, I have speakers and I have headphones so I put my head down on.
Patient: Yeah, I really didn't hear you say you're from [PHI-Geographic]. I honestly did not hear that. I've been told, I do need hearing aids, but, well, I'm not gonna make any excuses. Yes, I probably do. Um,
Nurse: I know I do sometimes.
Patient: Uh, yeah, there's, sometimes I watch TV, and I hear something like that doesn't make any sense, like on a commercial and then I hear it again. And it's like, well God, you know, I heard it, I didn't mean to swear. That's alright. If I, if I do I'm not swearing at you. That's fine. Ok. Just so you know,
Nurse: That's fine. Well, you know how sometimes you hear songs and you think the, the lyrics for certain words, they're not. So
Patient: Do you know? Ok, I don't, I think you're younger than me. Just let me tell you real quick. I cannot even believe this happened to me, but I love music. I don't really care for the words. It doesn't, they don't matter. I like to be. And the, you know, that more than the words, which is, I don't know, that's just my thing. And, um, except for there was this one song, um, and it was performed all the time when I was younger and I don't know if it was from the seventies or the [PHI-Personal] or the [PHI-Personal], well, maybe the [PHI-Personal] or nineties. I'm not real sure. Um, but I always thought it's the, the lyrics were, I believe in ol hm. Ok. You know what, it, finally, I, I mean, I looked it up finally. I, I don't know, it popped in my head, like, recently and recently, but I mean, like, probably like four months ago. Um, and my brother's really good at listening to lyrics. He likes the lyrics. We're opposite. Mhm. And so he's saying I believe in miracles. Uh, oh, and it's like for Christ sake. Can you just say it right. I mean, no, and no, I mean, I'm serious right now because, I mean, I'm talking about forever. I've listened to the song except for, I never knew what it was, but I didn't care because I like the beat, you know, and I don't remember who the artist is or whatever. Yeah. I just wanted to tell you that. I mean, it's not like I haven't like this. It's like I've not misheard something before, you know. But, yeah, I, I do. People aren't like if they don't talk, talk loud or, uh, or if they're walking away and they're mumbling, I can't hear that, you know. But anyhow, yeah. Uh, anyhow, yeah, I'm sorry. Um, for the miscommunication, uh, I re, I, um, thought I had talked to somebody, oh, start writing stuff down
Nurse: There is a person that initially called you. They're called our enrollment special back probably in the middle of July. That kind of goes over the program with you and, uh, tells you, you know, the doctor does that and then they should have, you should have got a letter and it says the nurse is gonna call you, um, and talk to you a little bit and that would be me. So, how about we start over and I'll tell you what's going on and you tell me if you're still interested. Ok.
Patient: No. Um, what's, what is your name?
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]?
Patient: Yeah. See, I don't know why I, I know that because, oh, maybe the person that called me before told me, are you assigned certain people? Yes. Do they know? Oh, ok. Well, I think maybe I mis, I'm so sorry. I'm sorry.
Nurse: Maybe I should have said your will be your nurse. Maybe she could have said that. Yeah.
Patient: And I probably said, oh my God, that's my name. I don't know. I don't know. But, you know, nowadays with all the telemarketers and, and the scans and stuff, I mean, I just, I mean, I go online and I think I'm doing one thing and then all of a sudden I get a million calls for, for something else for insurance college for
Nurse: Whatever. So, and that's why. Yeah, and that's why um this number I'm calling from will always be the number. Um I'll be using to call you because we do know that people get scammed. Um We do know there's telemarketing and people, I mean, even half my phone calls, I can't reach people. I have to usually leave a message and they call me back because they don't know who's on the other end. And I, I personally personally myself, if I don't recognize the number, you need to leave me a message and I will call you back if that's that important, if I do not know who you are. So that's, that's
Patient: How I feel as well. Right.
Nurse: So, um what the program is, is not mandatory. It's a program um that the office has. Um, Doctor [PHI-Personal] is uh one of the providers there at [PHI-Geographic] Palm Family Care that um gives us a list of names of patients they feel would benefit from the program. And um like I said, it's not mandatory. It is um provided by United or your [PHI-Personal] advantage. It is a, a program. [PHI-Personal] has, it is billable. The doctor does bill um through the office, through, through it. So what it is is you like?
Patient: But your co I'm sorry to interrupt, but I have to do this or I'm gonna forget. Ok, so I'm gonna interrupt you periodically just so, you know that [PHI-Personal]? Ok. Um, ok, now I forgot, um, I think I had told the person that, um, told me that you would be calling, that I would like to participate but I just wanna make sure that this isn't like me getting away from the doctor because I have, because I only have, um, uh, [PHI-Personal]. Wait, do I have [PHI-Personal] or [PHI-Personal]?
Nurse: I
Patient: Don't, I don't manage. Uh huh. Medi [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. So, um, that was one question that I was like, hm. It seems kind of weird because I would be because the only reason I'm asking you this is because I have, well, you know, it's not the only reason there's several reasons but, um, I had my knee replaced. Um, it was a terrible experience. Well, no, no. Um, operation is, um, pleasant but, um, it was the most awful experience I've ever, ever had in my life. I mean, and I actually broke my, shattered my kneecap and my leg in the [PHI-Personal]. And that didn't hurt as much as what happened with me, with this doctor. Um, I, I, it, it's hurt, it still hurts and it's been like [PHI-Account] years. But anyhow, I, I'm just telling you that because I'm worried that I could because I was thinking, well, I don't know how come he hurt my knee so bad. I mean, I know people, my friends, they've had them, you know, we're at that age, you know, and I have people, they haven't not even had to take any medication, any pain medication. And I was dying. I was like, oh my God, this
Nurse: Hurts. Everybody is different. Their body reacts to surgery different. So anyway, this is not a replacement of your doctor. This is a supplement. This is an additional resource and there should be no billing. I mean, there will be a bill sent to, you know, just like when you buy aspirin or something, it says you pay for something, but you should have no out of pocket expense for this service. We're a supplement. We are to be used as a supplement, including you going to your doctors, all your providers on a regular basis. We are just here in case you have a question, you have a need, you need a refill. You know, sometimes people can't reach everybody at the doctor's office. So we are just another extension of the doctor's office and I have access to your chart and I can talk to the doctors and the nurses in the
Patient: Office. Access to what your chart, my, um,
Nurse: Medical chart. Yes. So that I know what kind of medications you're on. Um, and who you see if it's in the system, you know, [PHI-Geographic] Bay has a system. Are you familiar with that? In my chart?
Patient: I am. But, you know, I always complain and say every once in a while I can't get in but I think it's because I, I really don't. Uh, I just hate computers. I really do. That's fine. And, um, I think I'm doing it but I blame it on the computer. So, I mean, that's the way I am and that's the way it goes. I mean, sometimes I can get in, like, I can get out in, on certain things but then sometimes I, I mean, no, I can get in all the time on certain things. No problem. But sometimes when I go to the TGH, um, website it, it's all messed up
Nurse: And sometimes it's not just the user and I think it's
Patient: Me. Yeah. Yeah. I've been told, I'm very hard on myself and I, and I kind of think I am after, like, 10. Yeah. I think, like, probably, like, 10 years ago somebody told me that or longer. I mean, I think probably throughout my life people have told me but I mean, I get mad at things like, oh my God, I can't believe I did that. But anyway, go ahead, finish your. Ok.
Nurse: So anyway, um by, by the time we get, so I can call you every month, every two months, every [PHI-Account] months. Ok? And then in between, I will you have my number which you just call me back. You can call me any time Monday through Friday. Um 8 to 4 30 with any questions. Sometimes I help with refills, referrals, questions about, you know, I think I got COVID or I got my lab and I can't get in my chart. Can you read it to me? And basically what I tell patients is um if, if I know the answer and I can help you, I will help you. If I don't know the answer, I will try to find a resource for you because there's no way I can know everything. Um I've been doing this a couple months now with the doctor's office so I feel real comfortable if you call me. Um I can usually call you back the same day.
Patient: Ok. How long have you been a nurse?
Nurse: About [PHI-Personal] years?
Patient: Ok. Why did you just guess because
Nurse: It's a long time when you think about it?
Patient: Oh, ok. I thought you were mad at me like
Nurse: No, I had to think it's like, I don't like thinking back that long. It's like, oh, my gosh, that's a long time ago. Actually, I've been in the health profession since [PHI-Personal]. I started out as an EMT and a paramedic before I was ever a nurse. Um, so I've been in the health profession for a really long time.
Patient: Uh, all right. Ok.
Nurse: Is that ok?
Patient: Yeah, you, you just sound like super young. I mean, I'm
Nurse: Probably, oh, I'm not young. I'm not young. Trust me. I'm not young. I'm, I'm, uh, I'm fairly around your age. So. Oh, yeah, believe it or not. I've been doing this for a while. Um, I've done a lot of different things in my past. Uh, like I said, I did emergency medicine. I did cardiovascular. Um, I worked at a couple of doctors office. I did hospice for a really, really long time. That was my favorite. Um, yeah. Um, and then, um, yeah, that's how I met my husband and everything in the profession. And so, yeah, I've been just doing nursing for a long time. So, hey,
Patient: I know,
Nurse: I know I sound young but I'm not trust me. Well, you know, everybody says my voice sounds really young but which is good. Your voice sounds young too. I mean, according to your birthday here you don't sound your age. Yeah.
Patient: Well, yeah, we have, uh, yeah. Yeah, I always looked young until I started, uh, staying with my mom
Nurse: There. You go. That'll do it right. Yeah, my mom is [PHI-Personal]. How old is yours?
Patient: She says, well, she was, uh, born in [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: So I think she's [PHI-Personal] but she looks like she's [PHI-Personal] and I look older than 60 it would not be that way. That's another thing I need, I will talk to you about. I know we're just doing the preliminary deal here. Um, but that is, um, something that I need to talk to you about. Uh, but I don't know if maybe you can put me in touch with somebody that can help me.
Nurse: Ok,
Patient: Because it's, um, it's just not a happy place, you know, and I, I'm not used. Yeah. So,
Nurse: And resources we can find you, you know, I, I do all kinds of different resources as well and if not, we can also do a social worker and, you know, I can find sources for you. So, um, are you familiar with the medications you take? And do you have a list, do you keep those in a pill box or?
Patient: Oh, this is on call, this medication thing? Ok. Um, it,
Nurse: Um, do I, do, I need to call back some other time.
Patient: Um, I can stand and tell you what they are, I guess, but I'm not gonna be able to read them very well. Oh, well,
Nurse: We'll, we'll do it together. I can try, I, I, they're, they're name brand and generic. So I'll, I'll give you the brand. You tell me yes or no. Ok. Uh. 00,
Patient: Ok. Maybe I don't have to even go over to my medicine pub. It's actually a pub.
Nurse: Yeah, I, I have, I only have what's in here. So if you have something different you have to tell me.
Patient: Actually, I think it's, I think it would be better if I told you what I had. Ok. We might miss one.
Nurse: Ok. And I might not realize it and just spell it if you don't know it and then I can tell you. Ok, I got it and then yeah, I can do that. Ok. You take
Patient: Your time. Let me go over there. Oh,
Nurse: Hey, at least I don't hear a bunch of bags rattling or a bottle. I had one. It's like I got two shoe boxes here. Give me a second.
Patient: No, it's in my handy dandy tub right here. So I say we're ready. Um I got amLODIPine five mg. Uh huh. Metoprolol [PHI-Personal] mg. Oh. Uh I uh buPROPion. Uh huh XL 1 50 mg. Ok. Hm. I didn't realize it was that high. I thought it. I'm on a lot. Um That's right. Uh Let's see. Pioglitazone. Uh huh. 30 mg. Uh Metformin 1000. That's just once a day now. Ok. Oh, I forgot to be telling you about this. All these are once a days.
Nurse: Ok. Thank you. Ok.
Patient: Yeah. Um, this one's once a day. Uh, let me see. All of them are once a day. Uh, pantoprazole. Mhm. Right. Tummy. 40 mg. It's not working, uh, fenofibrate 45 or 48 milligram. Mhm. He has me on iron. Now, when I asked the lady at Walgreens, she gave me the ol, wait fe os ol. Uh huh. Ok. And, uh huh. Yeah. So that's a good one. Ok. That's
Nurse: What most people take.
Patient: All right. Good. Uh D [PHI-Account]. Um I thought I need to take it's supposed to be five. Ok. Wait, hold on [PHI-Personal]. Uh no, it's OK. It says 50 MC G
Nurse: OK. It's 50 mics. Ok.
Patient: So should I be taking more than one? No, I
Nurse: Just, no, I would just take one. and then when you get your test. Yeah, but every bottle is different. That's why I asked what the gram was. So thank you.
Patient: Yeah. No, I should be telling you uh [PHI-Personal] uh 3 [PHI-Personal] once a uh once a day, you know, all of them are once a day. So atorvastatin four or 40 mg. Mhm. And then um I can't read it but it's for depression, Duloxetin 60 mg. And then I
Nurse: Have you for pain a little bit too just to let you know that is depression and that does help a little bit with discomfort so you can knock out the sho
Patient: No, it doesn't help at all. So OK, I mean, you know, it is what it is. So it just, I mean, and then I have the um it's 1000 mg of the B 12 injection. Cy A. No. Mhm.
Nurse: Uh huh. Got that one. Yeah.
Patient: OK. And then I qu OK. I was taking the turmeric 1500 mg but I quit taking it because cause I was taking it for um inflammation, correct. Um uh and it did work but I thought it was turning my hair yellow. My hair
Nurse: Could be it. The, yeah, the, the tablet sometimes it does do that to you. Yeah.
Patient: And yeah, and so um my hair number saw it but I could see it so I quit taking it. OK? Because I don't remember when I quit taking it before I saw her and I never asked anybody else because everybody else just was like, oh [PHI-Personal], you know like it's like, no, no, I really think I see. So I've always been told that. Oh no. But anyways that's all my medications. Oh no. One second. Uh OK. Go ahead. Um I am on um anxiety medicine. Where is my first
Nurse: Klonopine? I have. Yep. Um 0.5. OK. The only other thing I have listed here [PHI-Account] times a day. OK. Is OK. Um Are you using your, are you checking your blood sugars? Because I have the freestyle monitor?
Patient: No, I told my doctor like a long time ago my meter quit working a long time ago. They're really cheap. I mean, and that's another thing, that's why I get upset too because, you know, I worked all my life. I'm sorry, I'm on disability. I know. I'm not, I mean, I can't help that. I'm on disability so I feel like I'm getting chipped out of, you know, because, I mean, I had really, really good insurance when I was working. Mhm. And they treated me so much different than the way I'm being treated now. You know, he was
Nurse: On disability, he worked as a nurse and then he got really sick. Yeah, so I, I understand.
Patient: Yeah. So um,
Nurse: So you did, so they ordered it but you didn't pick them up is what you're saying?
Patient: Mm. What's
Nurse: That? It, it, it looks like they ordered these things for you. Did you ever pick them up? What are they, the test strips at CV S and the monitor?
Patient: Well, no, I didn't pick them up and then I called them. I said I don't have a thing, a meter,
Nurse: You know. Well, it looks like the meter is, there's a, was a meter ordered at Publix. Are you kidding me? No. And you got like uh hold on uh you got your sensors and then you've also got some strips. That's looks like there's two different places they ordered it. They ordered. Yeah,
Patient: There was a confusion. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. And they're kind of weird though. That's an in store pharmacy and they're really small and for some reason the doctor sent, like, my, like, one time I had to have pain medication and they sent that there and they, and then they sent something else there and then I had to wait like, a day or two for something. I think it was my pain. It's like no bullshit. You mean,
Nurse: You mean my pharmacies do not carry, like, the big Norcos and stuff. You have to go to the bigger pharmacies like like it's not like everybody. Yeah. Right. Mhm
Patient: Well, no, it wasn't, it was like something. Well, it is uh a strong pain medication but I mean it's like you need to keep some there, don't you? I mean in case somebody comes in with a a broken leg or
Nurse: Well, they might have had gave their last dose out. You don't know, they always keep everything and plus supplies are short. So it looks like at CV S there is a monitor or a meter and it also looks like there's the sensors and the testing just to let you know. And they,
Patient: Are you saying sens wait, [PHI-Personal], are you saying sensors? I don't know what that means. Ok. Are you saying like
Nurse: The the the meter is it the meter? Yeah, the meter is the machine. The sensors are usually the the little uh sensors that catch the blood. Uh huh and the [PHI-Personal] are the ones that prick you
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. That's, that's what I thought. The poker thing. Was. OK. So now say it again, I know what the machine is. So what's the difference between a Lancer and a sensor? Oh
Nurse: Uh The little sensor, the lancet is like the one that you poke to get the blood, right? It's a prickly thing. And the sensor is the one that actually reads um can like a test strip or it could be um uh a meter too. They, they've got different names for everything and then, like, they got the freestyle and then they got the glucose strips and then they've got, yeah, it, it just goes
Patient: On, can I get that thing that's advertised on TV?
Nurse: I don't know, we'd have to find out it. We'd have to find out. I don't like po my
Patient: Finger and washing my hands and making sure because I have anxiety. Oh, this is so stupid. I have.
Nurse: Ok. Well, we'll save that for our next visit. And the other thing on your medication is it shows that you have a lidocaine patch maybe.
Patient: Yeah. And I don't use them. I don't know what happened. I don't know what happens to my back. Now. Listen. But I went to the, er, they told me to go see, uh, they didn't know what happened. I thought it was due to my kidneys. They did, they said no. Um, and then I went to, they said I had to go get a check up with my doctor. Doctor wasn't there. And I said I better go. It doesn't matter. I, they said within a week or whatever, blah, blah, blah. And so then I saw this one doctor that totally didn't even listen to me and ordered all those patches. And I, I didn't even realize, I mean, I got patches [PHI-Personal] come get them. Um, I'll give them out to you. Um, but yeah, um, I told them at the pharmacy, I don't need those. I thought they were working but I think it was the muscle relaxer because after I didn't have any more because they only gave me a couple, but I slept for like two days. I mean, it was, it was stupid. I mean, and then I got it. Well, anyhow. Um, yeah, they, they, they're, they're not working, they bubble up too because I thought, oh, I'll use them on my neck because my neck always hurts. Oh, it doesn't help there either. So, it's,
Nurse: Yeah, the lidocaine patch is just for, it actually just numbs is all it does. It doesn't really have any pain medicine in it. It's numbing medicine. Um, it's supposed to like when you get your tooth. Yeah. Yeah, when you get your tooth pulled or something, they kind of put a Lido King there to numb it so that you don't feel it. So that's, I, they
Patient: Didn't explain that. I thought it was supposed to be like massaging. I, you don't kinda,
Nurse: No, it's just, it's just like numbing some of the pain, like, if you, like, if you have, like on your back, you know, like, say you have a sciatic nerve, like on your hip or something that just kind of numbs it so that you don't feel the pain, it doesn't really take it away. So, ok, so, um, I will be sending you a letter out and you have my name and number and you would like me to call you every 4 to 6 weeks. Is that correct? Uh, yeah, every two months, [PHI-Account] months.
Patient: Um, how about, um, because, you know, for a fact,
Nurse: How about afternoon or morning?
Patient: Ok. How about every two months in like the mid morning? Do you do mid morning or? Yeah, I do
Nurse: Mid morning, whatever you work. I just mark it in your chart and then when I put, no, no, mid morning works is what I said. Um, mid morning works. That's all right. Um, because I just mark it in your chart and so that when I open your name up because it, like, in two months this, from this date, it will start pulling your name up and any notes like, you know, things and I'll try to, I'll try to put in there maybe trying to get, uh, a free, see if we can do some research on a free, um, uh, monitor or something like that. And don't know. Yeah. The only
Patient: Thing with that is, you know, they want, you to have to be able to poke your fingers like four times, I think. Well, thank God, I don't have to poke my fingers. But you know what? I forget to do it, [PHI-Personal]. And so having that stupid thing on my arm would remind me. Yeah, if that makes sense. I mean, I, I, first of all, I don't wanna poke my finger. It hurts every time and, and then I get this thing in my head. Like, if I have to do something, I have to make sure my hands washed every time because something might get in my finger and that's just recently that's happened to me because everything is going around in the news. So now I don't wanna poke my finger because I think, yeah, so that's pretty much, you know. So, so you will be,
Nurse: You'll be getting another letter with my name and from the doctor [PHI-Personal] office. Now don't freak out. But, um, anything that you haven't completed on your wellness is just two things. One, it's a reminder in case you forgot or two, it's just a reminder and you don't have to do it. So, like for an example, if, say you hadn't had, um, a, uh, I don't know, foot exam or something like that and I forgot a foot exam. Let's say you haven't done that. If whatever is marked, read in your chart, I'm supposed to put in a letter. So,
Patient: Yeah, I need to have a foot exam.
Nurse: So. Right. And so whatever is not completed, I'll put in the letter and it's just a reminder. Ok.
Patient: Why is that? I, I mean, no disrespect [PHI-Personal], but why did this change to where the people in the office? I mean, they had to hire somebody else. So I don't, I don't unders, I mean, I'm, I just need to unders, I guess I, it does. I mean, hm.
Nurse: Ok, we are just a substitute, a supplement of the office. We're not replacing the office. You can call the office any time you can talk to the doctor's nurse. Any time anybody in the staff, any time we are just additional resources. You know, today society, the healthcare has changed so much that, yeah, I have people call me. I have waited 20 minutes on the phone and I couldn't get anybody. Oh
Patient: My God. Only 20 minutes.
Nurse: Yeah. Or I left a message and it's been two days and I haven't heard back. All I can say is I am just another resource. I, I have people that are using Mychart. They are calling me, they're calling the doctor's office just to get one answer.
Patient: These people. Are these people, other people that are you, please don't lie to me. Are they people that are also have their own insurance? I mean, from work or they on [PHI-Personal] or [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Uh, these are people with any pay or source, I mean, any pay or source. It doesn't matter. [PHI-Personal], [PHI-Personal]. Um, United Way. Uh, what do you call it? There's, there's all kinds of different insurance, everybody. I mean, it's, it's the health system. I know
Patient: Insurance to certain people. Um, the, if they get treated different, that's what I'm asking.
Nurse: Um, I, well, I don't know, I mean, I don't treat anybody different and I would hope the doctor's office doesn't, but I can't guarantee that because our society is not built that way. Um
Patient: OK, so I just wanna make sure that uh I mean, I think I've mentioned it once before and then now I'm mentioning it again because I just um II I thank you for being there for me. And the first, you're welcome for one thing. And um and you are right that they don't call back and they don't, and then the, I call the pharmacy and the doesn't know and then I get upset and then they, you know,
Nurse: So you just have another person to help you through the system. OK? It's a system. You gotta remember that it's a system and it's not, it's not built for any one individual. Now, there are people out there that know how to use the system and have learned to manipulate the system. But I'm not one of those. And um all I know is I, I know some things about the system and how to get through it to help you. Um And like I said, if I don't know the answer. I'll try to reach out to somebody who can help us so I will advocate for you. That's my job.
Patient: Ok? You're an advocate. So yes you are with [PHI-Personal] or [PHI-Personal] or whatever. I don't even with the doctor's
Nurse: Office. Yeah. Mhm. With the doctor's office.
Patient: Ok. Ok. Well, alright you you could have said that first off because I that's the question I was asking.
Nurse: Yeah I'm I'm here to help you. My job is to help you. Ok
Patient: I understand that but I understand what you're here for because it just. Ok I'm a little upset right now so let me get off the phone. Alright.
Nurse: Ok bye.
