Nurse: You're fine. So, I'm from the family practice. Um, your primary doctor [PHI-Personal]?
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: Yeah. Um, so I'm with the care for you.
Patient: Ok. Yeah, we
Nurse: Call you just about every month. Um, I think we skipped last month just because it was a crazy month. Um, so I just wanted to circle back around and see how you were doing. Um, so let's see here.
Patient: Um, and you were diagnosed with cancer? Do you have that on your records? Um,
Nurse: You know, I don't, uh, was this recently?
Patient: Yes. Yes. Ok.
Nurse: I do not have
Patient: It. Then I had a pet scan in, uh, I had, well, first I had a biopsy of my liver, [PHI-Personal] and they thought it was just a mass and then they ordered, um, a pet scan that was the gastroenterologist, um, department that doctor referred [PHI-Personal] to. I'm pretty sure he referred [PHI-Personal]. And, um, so they did the pet scan and when they did that, uh, because they, there may have been a test in [PHI-Personal]. Oh, the biopsy showed. Ok. The II I get, there were so many tests I can't even tell you which is which anymore. Yeah, I've been going to 23 places every week just following what they asked [PHI-Personal] to do. So, what I have is a neuro endocrine tumor. I have two tumors in my liver. OK. So if he's looking in the portal, it's all there. The up MC, uh all this information is there. Um Now I'm also asked to this um this uh Thursday, I have a colonoscopy. They, they feel that the, that there's probably cancer in, in that area because usually when you have it in the liver with this kind of cancer, it starts in the small intestine. OK. So, um and then there were, so when they did the pet scan, this particular type of tumor really feeds on sugar and they use some kind of radiation sugar, whatever that goes with whatever the, the uh contrast they were using in my body and then it lights up. So there were little nodular uh areas right outside the small intestine and then right below my liver, which could also so probably be the small intestine, it goes into the back, but they're not sure that's not clear if it's in an organ or if it's just there or what. So they're trying to, uh, figure that out. Ok. And I saw an oncologist, um, doctor [PHI-Personal] and, uh, from [PHI-Personal] Cancer [PHI-Geographic] and she, the treatment she's telling [PHI-Personal], which I read about, of course, I really looked this up and, uh, this does not respond to chemotherapy. So, um, I will be taking something, uh, I guess if I agreed, um, to, they want to, um, reduce the size of the tumors and then do surgery a lot happened since I was in his office or, um, and he had ordered for [PHI-Personal] to see a, um, hm, to my heart cardiologist, cardiologist and I did one test and he's gonna do two more. My, yeah. Ok.
Nurse: All right. Well, I mean, it seems like everybody's on top of it. So that's good. Um, and it looks like their doctor. I, I found the notes he was notified, um, last week. Um, so I'm assuming they might want you to come back in and, you know, talk to him about it because it doesn't look like your next appointment with him is until [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Um, yeah, I thought I would hear from him with all this because he should be able to keep up to date. It's in my portal. But I know he's a busy doctor also but it just, it escalated like crazy. It was just one thing after another. Like, it seemed like every test was worse than the one before. So, um, I, anyway, that's what's happening.
Nurse: Ok. Um, yeah, he has all of the documents they faxed everything over to him. So that's good. He, he reviewed it all last week. Um, and I'm assuming he will want, um, you know, one of his, his office people to reach out and get you scheduled for an appointment just to kind of touch base with him and everything. Um, let's see. But, yeah, as far as that, that's, that's all I know with that.
Patient: Um, so he did have the records and then, yeah. Yep, I see the
Nurse: Oncology reports. Um, cardiology consult, um, things like that. So he has, he has most of the things, the pet scan, all that stuff. Ok. Ok.
Patient: I thought he would. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah, they ordered it to him. So.
Patient: Ok, they just didn't let you know. No.
Nurse: Right.
Patient: Well, it's not your fault. Sure. Right. Right. Well, um, you know, and so anyway, I appreciate you checking up on [PHI-Personal] and I know you weren't expecting this neither. Right.
Nurse: Goodness. Um, yeah, I will, uh, get you back over to, um, let [PHI-Personal] just double check who it is. I'm kind of just filling in for somebody. So I'll, I'll send you back over to [PHI-Personal]. I believe she was the one that talked to you before. Um, so she'll, she'll touch base with you again, you know, early [PHI-Personal] just to kind of see how you're doing. Um, are you on any new medications with this or not yet?
Patient: No. Um, I have it in the other room. Um, and I, I, I'm forgetting the name of it. I think, conveniently forget it. It's supposed to just attack the, the, uh, endo cells that have cancer and, uh, diminish, you know, so that the tumors because the tumors I'm at stage four. Uh, the tumors are large. Uh, one is a four point something centimeters, one is two. And then, um, if it's eligible, even with, with getting them smaller, they still don't know if I'm eligible for surgery where they are and then she said stay on something for life. Um, so, uh, so anyway.
Nurse: Ok. All right. Well, I'm going to, um, send you a letter in the mail. It's gonna have some wellness schools on it for this year and that will just consist of, you know, um, going to those appointments and getting your labs done, things like that. Um, we'll kind of just mark them off on our end as you get them done. Um, and I'll have [PHI-Personal] reach back out to you, you know, in a couple
Patient: Weeks. Yes, thank you. I feel like I've had everything done, had a bone density. I mean, uh, that, that was, I think, set that up. I'm not sure. But, but yeah, we'll see where, anything else,
Nurse: See, yeah, we'll see where, where things are at in a few weeks. Um, you know, she'll just call and check on you see if you need anything or need help with anything. Um, and we'll kind of just go from there. Ok?
Patient: Ok, [PHI-Personal]. Thank you so
Nurse: Much. All right. Yes, you're very welcome. And please give us a call at any point. If you just need to talk, you have questions, anything like that. Ok, I appreciate
Patient: It. All right. Yep. You're very
Nurse: Welcome. Bye
Patient: Bye bye.
