Nurse: Um, I'd have to look back and see what my notes said. Hang on a second. Let me see. Um, I mean, it's, it's, it's not like it will happen. It's just that it could possibly happen. Yeah.
Patient: I don't want that. I don't wanna have, want that to happen to me again. I grew out of it when I was about six or seven years old, but I had it when I was born. Mm.
Nurse: I'm just looking abrupt withdrawal may result in increased seizure frequency. Ok. All right. I see what you're saying. Ok, I can, I can um ask her if you should stop it uh all the way or if um you should, you know, because the thing is, is you, I know what you're saying like if you just completely stop it and then you have seizures, that's what you're worried about. Yeah. Ok. All right. Let me see here. Mhm. All right. So I'm gonna append this and it would be
Patient: Where's the other lady?
Nurse: What other lady
Patient: The other lady is um is a care manager.
Nurse: Uh she's no longer, she's no longer with the company. That's why I said last time I talked to you that um you're with me?
Patient: Oh, ok. That's fine. Yeah. Did, did she have problems or what?
Nurse: I think she just went. Yeah, I think she just went somewhere else else is all. So um yeah, so I'm gonna just, so I'm gonna just double check and see what um they say and then I'll, I'll let you know for sure. Ok. Ok. Because I know you don't wanna just stop it abruptly. I get, no, I
Patient: Don't want, I don't want to just stop it but I, I know a friend, another friend that had the same problem and she went, she, she uh she, she was told to gradually um go off of it
Nurse: To what
Patient: To gradually go off of it the gabapentin and then she went to the um the other stuff.
Nurse: Mhm. I'm messaging right now for you so um and then when I hear back I'll get a hold of you. Ok. Ok. All right honey. Alright
Patient: I I go I gotta go down to the mailbox. Ok right now so um I leave the phone here.
Nurse: Ok. All right. Yep I'll let you know. Ok. Ok. All right honey I'll talk to you soon.
Patient: Thank you. Bye
Nurse: Bye. Welcome. Bye.
