Nurse: Um, well, I'm not sure. So here's what I'm gonna do, I'm going to, but I can't set up a video call. That's the one thing I can't do, I can set up an in person appointment but I don't have the, uh,
Patient: Do they do video calls? I guess that you don't know, I,
Nurse: I think they, I know they do phone, you know, calls. I don't know if they do video but I, I can find out by, I'll send [PHI-Personal], um, a message and I'll just say to her and if this is possible I'll just have her call or someone from the office call back to set that up.
Patient: Um, but would it be better if I just called the front office? Um, I just, I just didn't know if you knew if they do video or whatever? Yeah, I, that
Nurse: I'm not sure that I know they can do phone, you know, televisits, you know? Ok. Phone,
Patient: I know they can do that. That's,
Nurse: Um, yeah, the ironic thing about this is the coincidence of you and, and is it a coincidence that you have COVID because one of the new symptoms with COVID seems to be, uh, like a pink eye?
Patient: Oh, nice. Well, and I know it's Pink Eye because, you know, I raised five kids and, and I worked in a school so I know Pink Eye. Um, well, maybe I'll just give, maybe I should just give them a call and that way we're not, you know, it's not, you emailing them and them back and forth a televisit. That's what it's called though. Yeah, the
Nurse: Televisit. Right. And they may very well be able to do that. Um uh it's just that I can't set that up because it involves connecting your, you know, they have to send your phone, a cell
Patient: The uh yeah. No, I send your cell phone
Nurse: But your smart phone the connecting stuff. So they set that up through the office.
Patient: Ok. Ok. Alright. Sorry to bug you,
Nurse: Of course, you know with pink eye keep washing your hands, try not to rub your eyes, you know, that sort
Patient: Of. Oh yeah. Yeah and if I do like I I use a fresh tissue or, or a wet cotton thing to get the gunk off, you know, fresh with each one. Yeah. Yeah. Um you have the
Nurse: Redness, the itchiness the
Patient: Oh gosh, my eye yesterday was so swollen. My husband said I didn't know your eye would swell with pink eye and I said well yeah, if it's bad enough the swelling has gone down. Um some but yeah, the eyes are super red and I wake up can't open my eyes, you know, because they're filled with gunk. Um, so, yeah, typical pink eye. Yeah. And that's,
Nurse: I, I just saw an article that, um, folks who are this time around that are, that have, uh COVID and, you know, ironically, conjunctivitis can be caused by a virus, adenovirus. And, you know, uh, in addition to bacterial, it's also, it can be viral. So,
Patient: Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah, it's possible. It, it sounds like that's what you have. Yeah. But you need medicine that's um current.
Patient: So it, I know the other stuff isn't working. That's why I said you probably don't wanna hear this, but I was so desperate because it, you felt like something in my eye. Um, and because I have allergies, you know, at first it was like, I must have an eyelash in my eye and I was going somewhere with a friend and not really thinking about it and I kept like, not rubbing my eye hard but like rubbing it in the sense that I thought something was in it. Um, so that probably didn't help, you know that I to make it sore. Um So anyway. All right, let me just call the main number and see if I can get a televisit. Yeah, because
Nurse: That's one thing I can't set up. I'm sorry.
Patient: That's right. All right, honey, you have, have a great day. You too. Feel better. Ok. All right. Bye bye bye.
