Nurse: Right? We, we don't have them. I'm, I'm not trying to be difficult. Uh, but that's why we ask for you to get them from their provider. Um, so that way, um, the equipment placed so that way that we know it's the the right form to fill out because there are many ones, there's some for home health, um, you know, oxygen, everything. So, um, I can send a message to [PHI-Personal] and see what she says. But [PHI-Personal] specifically said, make sure [PHI-Personal] brings the correct form.
Patient: Well, if you do that and then I'll, uh, I don't know whether I, I should try another health, uh, provider or not.
Nurse: Yeah. It doesn't matter where you get it from as long as it's, you know, a Medicare authorized place, Glen. But, you know, I just, that, that's my concern. I don't want you to get caught up in the middle with the red tape, Medicare paperwork and then it get past, you know, you, the time for you to leave. That's why, you know, um, but if, if they didn't provide them, I'm not sure why the lady on, you heard the conversation said she would fax it over on [PHI-Account].
Patient: Ok. I, yeah, I remember that conversation. That was true. And that's who I talked to this morning. The same lady. And she, she remembered, but she said that's something that has to come from the doctor's office. So I, I don't know what to do now.
Nurse: Yeah, I, yeah, and that's what I'm saying. I'm trying not to get you caught in the middle, but I don't want you to come in. I mean, the conversation was, um, sn um, Patient States. He uses e home healthcare. In [PHI-Geographic] before SN conference and DM supplier on call. She asked patient multiple questions to see what he was actually looking for in a chair. They decided on the model and she states that physician will have to fill out CMNSN gave uh doctor fax number and she said she will fax the form over for her to complete and then we'll submit it to Medicare for approval.
Patient: Ok. Well, I'll call her back. Yeah,
Nurse: I'm gonna open this back up and send it to [PHI-Personal] and say user [PHI-Personal] handy. Yeah, like I said, this is why I try not to get patients involved in this. Um but you know, because they have a specific form and Medicare rules change all the time and that's not something that, you know, we would keep up with. So I just don't wanna run you in for nothing. So um patient called DME supplier and he was told that this form has to come from doctor's office. It is a certificate uh medical for DME, right?
Patient: Well, it says she said durable certificate of medical necessity. Mhm.
Nurse: Yeah. Terrible. Yeah. Me uh he she told Glen that the doctors office could print this form out, right?
Patient: Or at least it could get it somehow. I don't know, print
Nurse: This form out from online. How's that? Mhm.
Patient: All right. Yeah. But we'd have to know which one it, it is. That's right.
Nurse: And that's what I'm saying. We, we don't know we, this is not something that's why we ask like when people bring in things from DM DMV and things like that, you know, there's so many different things. So that's why we like for the patient to bring it in. But let me, as I say, please advise if you have access to this form, I don't want when coming by without being able to complete proper form and you are planning to move on [PHI-Geographic]. Right. Right.
Patient: Uh, I was wondering, uh, if you need their phone number,
Nurse: We, it's, it would be in our, our list of directories. So, um, but yeah, let me see what says and as soon as I hear back, I'll let you know Glen. Ok, thank
Patient: You. Thank you very much.
Nurse: All right. No problem. Bye bye
Patient: Bye.
