Nurse: Yeah, that's, there's a lot more involved there. Um. Oh,
Patient: Gosh. So I'm waiting on that. Meanwhile, I did try your advice. I went and got, um, Metamucil or Citrucel, I guess it Citrucel I got, yeah. And I've been taking a half a dose of that a day and that has helped. Good, good. Ok. Yeah. Good. So that just, you know, I'm happy about that. Good. And the other thing that's miserable. I had been to the plastic surgeon to see about the breast reduction as, you know, back in October, I went to her, they just called me the day before Thanksgiving and said she's leaving. I don't know. It's, it's like, ok, n can you at least tell me, did you get the authorization back from my insurance? No. Oh, we haven't even sent it. What are they she wait for because she was leaving. So, if they, if she left they said she thought she's leaving but she might stay. She said if she had have stayed, she don't, you know, went ahead and got it. But otherwise if a new one comes at and I have to go through all this again, I'm thinking, well, I'm probably gonna have to go through it all again anyway because she doesn't wanna operate on me either. Yeah, without even me, or at least they could have given me that chance at that point. Do I want to go to a guy singer doctor at that point, or where do you know? What do I want to do? But I didn't get that option. I just got, oh, we never send it in.
Nurse: Oh, my goodness.
Patient: So,
Nurse: What about, um, I mean, do you wanna look for other places, um, in area?
Patient: I thought I would try and, and see what supposedly the girl would call me, said that they in talks with, she didn't tell me of course, who in was one a doctor? They were hoping to know shortly here, whether he would be here. And I said, well, like, and she said, I'll put you on the call back list. But she said, you feel free to call into us at any time. And I'm like, ok, is there like a certain time frame we're looking at that? I was supposed to call.
Nurse: Yeah, she's just gonna say, well, that's kind of vague. Like what you just call every day. Hey, did you decide yet? Hey, did you decide yet? You know, like, uh,
Patient: She said, well, I would try mid [PHI-Personal] to late [PHI-Personal] but they don't figure he's coming in until maybe the first quarter in [PHI-Personal] some or first quarter next year, sometime. So that could be of [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: I was gonna say. So then is that something you wanna wait for, because, you know, how long is that authorization gonna stay good for?
Patient: Exactly. If, well, if I get it, like I said, I haven't even got, they didn't even send it in so there is no, I don't know. Right. Right. You know, do they have the statistics in their office folder? And it's like, ok, do we send that down now to the new doctor? I don't know how any of that works or when I'm gonna get back in.
Nurse: I mean, I know so they can submit the authorization and then just basically renew it. Um, you know, once they decide or, you know, whatever the case may be. But, oh jeez, even if you know, were you looking to wait that long? I mean,
Patient: When were you? No. No, I wasn't. Have it done by Christmas? Yeah. I was thinking it would be Merry Christmas to me. Yeah. Yeah. That's why I was excited when I got the call the day before Thanksgiving. I'm like, all right, this is, oh, ya, ya. And then it was, they told me,
Nurse: Oh, so frustrating.
Patient: Yeah. It's a very disappointing Thanksgiving here. Oh, Lordy. So that's what's going on on my end. Um, I'm still not taking my potassium because I, it, so I still get diarrhea, you know, more than once a day. So,
Nurse: Yeah, but I know
Patient: I gotta do what I gotta do. I said I can't live on the pot. So,
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. And you know, if you're doing half a dose of Citrucel, um, and it is, you know, it's helping, you know, if you wanna try to up it, bump it up you can. And, you know, I
Patient: Did, I started out with a full dose and it's like, that's like, mm, I thought the first couple days, like, oh, this is gonna be good but then like the 3rd, 4th day it's like, oh, no, maybe this isn't good. Yeah. Yeah. So then I back down to just the half and I take that every day.
Nurse: Ok, good, good. Um Yeah, so let me see here. You might even see, I hate to tell you because you have, you know, like the colitis, I hate to tell you to take an Imodium with your potassium. But even if you take the potassium supplement like twice or [PHI-Personal] times a week and take it with an Imodium, you
Patient: Know, well, that, do you think I can do that work that way? I could try that?
Nurse: Yeah, you can try it. I just don't want you to, you know, get uncomfortable. I don't want your belly to get upset, you know, or pain. Sometimes that does happen. Even if you did half a tablet of Imodium, you could try that um with the potassium to see if it helps. But ok, but anyway, so I do see you were in for your visit though with Doctor [PHI-Personal] on the [PHI-Personal]. That was your primary care visit?
Patient: Ok. Yeah. And that was before I got home to get the phone call that I'm not getting my, which is, it's probably, thank God I did. Or he probably would have heard that
Nurse: You would have really let it loose that day.
Patient: But it isn't his fault either. Is, like I said it up MC is who I went to where the surge is. You know, it like that, that was totally unethical to do that to me, I think. But, you know, that's my thought so.
Nurse: Yeah. No, I think, I think sometimes the ways of the medical system is pretty, uh, um, not towards the benefit of the patient as it should be.
Patient: Yes, I agree with you there.
Nurse: Yes. Ok. So they were, she was, he was checking your thyroid level.
Patient: Yeah. And he, he changed that down to 1 12 now from 1 25 1 12 every day. And then I got to take [PHI-Personal] on Sunday.
Nurse: Ok. All right. And then he didn't change any other medications though.
Patient: Right. No. Right. Ok. Ok. Good. Yep. Yep. Just the thyroid. I change the thyroid.
Nurse: Did you get a full panel of blood work done? Did you do? I'm trying to get
Patient: Into it. Uh, rheumatology. Did a, a swab of them. I know.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah. No, it looks like the only thing on there was from [PHI-Personal]. And then the
Patient: Next time before I go back to see doctor [PHI-Personal] though. I'm supposed to get blood work done. Ok.
Nurse: Ok. I understand. Ok. All right. Well, how was your holiday though? Did you have a decent holiday?
Patient: Yeah. Yeah, it was busy with this. I hate this hunting season. Yes. Yes. I'm like, no, because I, I didn't get anything done. Christmas decoration wise.
Nurse: Yeah. Oh, my gosh, my whole, my whole Black Friday revolved around. So, of course the kids were home from school. So I had, um, my [PHI-Personal] kids were home and my youngest is [PHI-Personal]. She, well, [PHI-Personal] now, she turned [PHI-Personal] on Saturday. So, you know, we, we were trying to decorate for Christmas with, uh, you know, a, a [PHI-Personal] year old, an [PHI-Personal] year old and a [PHI-Personal] year old and, you know, my husband had to work and it was just me and it was just, it was total madness in this house. It was all day. It was just crazy with the Christmas decorations and everything else. But it was fun, you know. Well,
Patient: Mine still isn't up. So it's like, oh, crap. But I'm looking here thinking I had a, my full decorations of hard, but I think there's some on the top of my cupboard. Yeah. Oh, well,
Nurse: That's all right. We're not done either, but by the end of it I was like, I am exhausted. This is what's going up for now. This is it. I'll work on the rest another
Patient: Time. Well, that's, I have 11 daughter that lives up in and she wouldn't know if she could bring her youngest down Friday night to stay overnight or no Saturday night. When did she come in Friday night to stay overnight? Because she, that way she wouldn't have to get her up so early Saturday morning to come down to hunt. I'm like, that's fine. So, uh, and I hadn't slept the whole night. I've been having trouble sleeping again, So I don't know what's going on with that, but it's like I was up all night. I might, we got a half hour, 45 minutes and here's Miss [PHI-Personal] the next day and then the other grandkid and it's like we'll stay in a nanny tonight, then they're going over to my other daughter's and it's like we're back and forth from house to house. I go my God. Yeah. You guys and I've seen all the hunters. It's like, seriously.
Nurse: Yes. And I'll tell you it's just like boys that you would think. It's like, it's like, um, it reminds me of prom for girls, you know, with hunting, it's just, it's so, it's so consuming. It's all they think about. It's just, you know, they have to buy, my husband went out, I don't even know how much money he spent on new thermals and new this and new gloves. The newest. And I just like, oh, my God, I just
Patient: On the guns and ammunition. Yes.
Nurse: Yes. Oh, don't even get me started
Patient: On. I thought we could have a whole freezer full of beef.
Nurse: Oh, yeah. And, you know, I don't mind [PHI-Personal], you know, I don't mind it. However, I am not one to eat it several times a week. I can eat it like, I mean, give me as much jerky and bologna and all that as you have. But like when it comes down to like [PHI-Personal] steak hamburger, those kind of things. I'm like, you know, once every month, once a, once or twice a month I can probably do it. But it's like he could eat it all every night. I'm like, oh, yeah,
Patient: I know. I get so tired of it. Oh,
Nurse: Gosh. But hey, if hamburger get any more expensive hamburger gets any more expensive, it's gonna
Patient: Have to be. Isn't that ridiculous? Well, I heard everything went up.
Nurse: Yeah. Well, you know, I have a family of five here so we really have to, you know, it's just groceries are crazy. My, and my [PHI-Personal] year old, of course, she is obsessed with chocolate milk. She always wants chocolate milk. A gallon of chocolate milk is $6. It's just insane. Yeah, it's insane. Eggs are, what, $3 now? And, oh,
Patient: I get, I get my eggs for my niece. So she, I only pay her [PHI-Personal] bucks a day. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I just have a fresh supply. You got it
Nurse: Made. Yes. Yes. I, well, I was just gonna say I am lucky because my neighbor has chickens and they are laying eggs like crazy. So we definitely have the hook up over there,
Patient: S a good thing to have. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. So, um, but I mean, [PHI-Personal], as far as I don't, I wish I could help you more. I wish I could do more for you as far as with everything going on. Um, gosh, I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do to help. Um, do you,
Patient: There is, you know what, what can you do at this point?
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. Um,
Patient: Oh, and I also got that, that was the third thing that happened. Doctor was the pulmonary guy was supposed to go back to him. [PHI-Personal] 5th and I got a phone call on the answer machine that said we're sorry, but doctor is not available for your scheduled appointment. If you would like to reschedule, please call us at whatever I'm thinking. If I wanna reschedule. Well, hey, if you don't wanna see me, I don't wanna see him so.
Nurse: Well, the feeling's mutual. Huh?
Patient: Exactly. Like you haven't rescheduled that one yet. I'm like, seriously you couldn't have just gave me an appointment and if it didn't work for me, I'd call and cancel or reschedule. Oh. Oh,
Nurse: Like I'm just, I'm trying to read down through the note here with doctor and all that. So, back on the [PHI-Personal] trying to get a hold of [PHI-Geographic] office left [PHI-Personal] messages. She needs to talk about her CPAP needs oxygen. CPAP. Pressure, spoke with patient. She saw pulmonologist consult, also nocturnal done. She will request report to be back to us. She will also take download. Ok. So got the download. Then patient has not had a chance to take her card to the DME. She'll take it Wednesday. So that was done. Right.
Patient: Yeah. She wound up taking it Tuesday then instead of Wednesday because I wanna get it, get it up there sooner.
Nurse: Ok. And then I see the compliance report is here. Ok. So, but I do see that they changed it to priority today.
Patient: That's good. And that
Nurse: It is good. But why did it have to go this far? You know,
Patient: Exactly.
Nurse: To Swart [PHI-Personal]. Is that sound familiar to you? Is that one of the pulmonary
Patient: That I don't know? No, I don't. Yeah. Ok.
Nurse: To, to that person, whomever it may be. Um, ok. Well, so I guess in the event, um, as far as with the breast reduction and such, if you find anything else out, if you need another referral, um, you know, to another provider or, you know, whatever the case may be, we certainly can set up another referral. Um, you know, just kind of have that in the back of your mind if you feel, you know, you don't wanna wait because
Patient: The guy singer now, which, you know, my insurance is singer but if I go to a singer doctor, I presume I have to have a, another referral done for them to, you know, do it or?
Nurse: Yeah, I mean, we would basically just send, just send the same information to another fax number. That's really all it is. It's not that big of a deal. Um,
Patient: So I, I don't understand why they didn't send it in to see if I could get it approved. That just blows my mind. Yeah.
Nurse: So with, so let me ask you this then. So with all the unknown, do you want to wait around and see if they decide on a provider who's gonna be able to do the procedure or do you want a different referral?
Patient: If I don't have somebody by the end of [PHI-Personal], I want a new referral. If I can't say, you know, new guys sit in there and say, yes, I'll see you such and such. Then I'm gonna wanna go for a different referral, but I'll give them until then. Ok.
Nurse: All right. Well, then we'll just kind of hang tight and then I guess it'll be just to be continued. Huh? Yes.
Patient: So,
Nurse: Yes. So you're not sleeping? Well, um, are you sleeping elevated? Are you in the chair more and in bed? No, my
Patient: Bed elevates. So I have my bed elevated when I sleep, but it's just, it's just, I can't, I, I'm like wide awake in the middle of the night. I'm back to work. I used to be, it's like you're, you're awake all night and it's like, ok, by about 3 34 in the afternoon I could take a real nap. Yeah. But I don't usually lay down. It's like, ok, forget that. And then you get real tired and then by the time I go to bed at [PHI-Personal] o'clock I'm, like, wide awake again. Ready to
Nurse: Party again. Yeah. Ok. So, are you taking anything for sleep at all?
Patient: No.
Nurse: Ok. I'm just wondering if, you know, maybe a little something, um, even like hydrOXYzine, um, or Benadryl. Um,
Patient: You know, I hate to start taking something else yet.
Nurse: I know. I know, but I'm just thinking anything to try to help you with the longevity of your sleep to help you sleep a little longer into the night time. Do you have? Oh, so you say you feel wide awake at [PHI-Personal] o'clock? How long did they actually
Patient: At night when it's time to go to bed? Yeah. Yeah. And then I sit there and think of all my to do for the next day. And
Nurse: Yes. Yes. It's like a racing thought was me last night. I was putting a grocery order in on my phone at 10 30 last night because I, yeah,
Patient: And it's like, I don't think we're supposed to be doing this.
Nurse: I would have to agree. I would. Um, well, I mean, that's up to you about, I can always ask and see if we can get you an as needed like hydrOXYzine or something to help with sleep.
Patient: Um, and I say hold off. Yeah, we'll, we'll see how long this continues. Ok.
Nurse: I'll tell you another thing you can always try to do is like the, the sound therapies if you've ever tried like the calm app on your phone um or just different, different noise techniques that help you
Patient: Go to sleep. Oh, I have a fan that runs 24 7. Yeah.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: It runs every night, 365 days for the year.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. Um, yeah, I mean, but there's different, different kinds of stretching you can do to try to help. I, you know, there's all kinds of different techniques to try but sometimes, sometimes they work, sometimes they don't, you know, so I, I, uh, I'm sure
Patient: You're like everything else, huh?
Nurse: Yeah, exactly. And I'm sure you're, you know, no stranger to trying to, to try to get yourself to sleep, you know. So,
Patient: Yeah, it's like get away from the TV and, you know, TV, on and read a book. I'm like, ok, I'm reading. What
Nurse: About, did we ever talk about sleepy time tea?
Patient: No, I'm not a tea person, tea, hot tea drinker. Anyway, I'm drinking iced tea. But that's, and there again, I don't do that anymore and cut on the caffeine. So,
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. Well, there's, so there is stuff called Sleepy Time tea. Um, and it has eucalyptus in it. Um, and the eucalyptus is really good for calming and helping you get, you know, fall asleep. So, you know, that might be, I know you're not, you know, not a tea drinker. So you're not too keen on that, but that might be an option. You know, if you wanna try to see, you know, um, if it'd be effective for you, maybe you'd be like, God, I'll just go to sleep because I don't wanna drink this tea anymore. Oh. but yeah, anyway that, that could be something to try something to consider. Um, or even doing like, if you just, um, use some, you know, eucalyptus, essential oil. Um, that helps too. I don't, do you do essential oils at all? At home?
Patient: I have lavender that I have in the, in the room, but I haven't done eucalyptus because my husband can't stand it. So,
Nurse: Uh, ok. Well, you'll have to sleep on the couch. That's all. Ok. Oh, goodness. Um, but yeah, those, I mean, just some suggestions maybe even, uh, doing a little bit of massaging the eucalyptus on a lot of times people rub it on their wrist or at the bottom of their feet and sometimes that will help to, um, kind of help absorb and help with sleep. So if you're, if you're into the essential oils, that's always, um, try. They do. Yeah. Why not? It won't hurt, you know? Oh, but anyway, so. Ok. Well, I mean, keep me posted, keep me posted on the referral and everything. Um If there's anything else that I can do, don't hesitate to give me a ring. Ok.
Patient: Alrighty. Hey, meanwhile you have a great holiday season, I'll probably in the next month. No
Nurse: Problem. Do you need any uh refills on anything before we hang up?
Patient: No, no, when I was in the website and my budesonide, I needed that renewed because taking [PHI-Personal] at a time versus one, I kind of ran out there for about a week.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: All right. He sent that in. So we should, we're good on that then.
Nurse: Ok. All right. Well, if you need anything else, let me know.
Patient: Ok, thank you.
Nurse: Ok. You're welcome. You hang in there. All right. Bye bye.
