Nurse: My computer is moving a little slow. Just bear with me.
Patient: I was talking to my cousin who's a cardiologist. Mhm. He was, he was talking, I was telling him I'm getting a reflux acid. He said I need to see the gastroenterology to do the endoscopy or I need to do some stool test, some, some stool test. I don't know something about the stool test. Oh, yeah. I told him to message me about something is a starting with something. Do the stool test and see otherwise do the go to gastroenterology and do the endoscopy? Because I said I'm getting it very often. Now I'm lying down now. Hm. You asked me when I did the stress test? I said that was done five years ago. Ok. And I, I was ok. All right.
Nurse: Now you, you keep talking, I'm, I'm sorry, go ahead
Patient: And I called to make appointment with [PHI-Personal] Oh, my God. I can't, you can't give us appointment so far. So, I think most probably I need to change somebody because if you are going to take for one month to at least 20 days, 20 days to see the doctor for, I don't know. Uh, I know because some of it does
Nurse: Look, um, on your thyroid test and it does look like you have had some changes.
Patient: Yes, I know. Yeah.
Nurse: So it looks like it's, you're on [PHI-Account] now. Yeah, I, I'm not sure if that's enough change that would warrant a medication change, but it definitely looks like it's a little overactive at the moment. They haven't been reviewed by yet.
Patient: Yes. So I'm going to do, I'm going to copy [PHI-Personal] and [PHI-Personal] and this one I'm going to take all the TS A level and I'm going to copy to. Ok. Yeah, I'm going to, I'm going to copy them. Uh [PHI-Personal] was amount [PHI-Personal] was uh sorry on [PHI-Personal] was amount and now is amount, please. Ly Yeah, I'm going, yeah, I'm gonna message you
Nurse: Cause they may want to, like I say it's not huge but there is a change and it may warrant um an adjustment on your medication dose.
Patient: I also think so. So and I went to, I did my colonoscopy last year. Uh and the, and the doctor asked me whether I have any reflux I used to have and after two years, I didn't have anything. So I said I don't have it. So I just called them to make an appointment with them. Ok, I'm trying all the best. Otherwise I go to the Brand and Walking Clinic and see whether they can, I'll see if the ology it so close by. That's why my husband said if you want, I can take, I can take you there and we can make appointment there sometime all of them are busy there. So the call won't come to Monday. But if I go personally I can make an appointment.
Nurse: Ok, if they can't see you, um, quickly, let me know because I, even if I get you like a telehealth or with another provider, I can get you in with someone, um, in the meantime, you don't take anything like omeprazole or anything, right?
Patient: I'm taking ce, ok. Ok. Yeah. Ah, two tablet morning, afternoon, night. Now I only had Atiba yogurt and the [PHI-Personal] and again it started, it's burning. Ok. Mm. And something about stool test. I don't know. What is that? He said if you do that, if he, he asked me about the results. So I just copy the results to you. He said if you, if you have any in B or something. Yes. Yes. I, I said, I don't know. They did so much of blood work through yesterday. As soon as the copy come, I will message you. So I went to, uh, I, I couldn't get it from. So I went to, uh, and I got the results so I copied him. So I'll wait until he calls me about the results too.
Nurse: Ok. All
Patient: Right. I have cardiology in my family. Oncology. In my family. You
Nurse: Need, you need a G, I, in
Patient: There. I have, I have a friend who is in G, I, but I don't want to call him because he's a friend. If I tell him it's going, it will go to all my friends, right? Unless I tell him, don't tell anybody. Yeah, I, but I might call him in the night. I might call him in the night. So if
Nurse: The, the way you're doing the antacid isn't working, I would maybe try switching and trying, um, like the omeprazole or the PriLOSEC and just doing that once a day, um over the counter, it's over the counter. Um And
Patient: Any way you can message me about the medication. What, what is it called? I, I can send
Nurse: It through your Mychart. Yeah, I'll send you a Mychart message and, and let you know, but um, it would be more helpful for you. Um But definitely, you know, if you don't get um, a quick response from the, the gastro, then let me know cause like I say I can get you even a telehealth appointment or you know, something like that. I think for this would be appropriate cause you can just discuss the symptoms. It wouldn't be anything you would necessarily need a physical examination for. Um, but I, I feel like they probably too would recommend the PriLOSEC but if they wanted any testing or anything like that, um, of course you need a visit for that. Um but I can recommend the PriLOSEC for you since it's over the counter.
Patient: Ok. And
Nurse: You, yeah, and you would just follow the box instructions
Patient: On it. I go to the Walmart Pharmacy and ask them for that and they will tell me case we need to go to that aisle number [PHI-Geographic]. Ok, I got got you. Alright, I will
Nurse: Shoot you a Mychart message and like I said just let me know um as far as you know if you want me to get you set up with an appointment to see if they have any other recommendation for you. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Ok. Thank you. I you're welcome. Do you think I need to um
Nurse: It it since you can make a G I appointment without a referral it, you probably don't because I feel like what they would recommend would be the PriLOSEC that I just recommended for you. Um you know just home interventions like avoiding uh trigger foods which would be um like caffeine, alcohol, chocolate, anything acidic.
Patient: Oh, I can't eat chocolate. I don't know someone gave me from the chocolate and
Nurse: It it can definitely contribute to it.
Patient: Um contribute to that. Yeah,
Nurse: So I would cut back on, uh, chocolate, like I say, um, you know, uh, co like caffeinated type things. Um, coffee. Yeah, I try decaf instead you can still have the coffee. It's, it's the caffeine in it. That's the irritant. Oh. so do you know if you have like a little ulcer or something, uh, along there that's kind of causing you that
Patient: Heartburn? I know this week I was eating, normally I took, I take a pizza but this week because it was so tasty. I was having it for lunch and then dinner. So I need to stop that. Ok. I can do so. Cut back on. Right. I can take. The yogurt is good. That's good for yogurt.
Nurse: That's good for you. Um, but like acidic things, you know, orange juice. Um, I
Patient: Don't drink orange juice. Yeah.
Nurse: Um, tomatoes, uh, anything that's real acidic you would want to avoid because that acid content is, is going to irritate that more. Ok.
Patient: And the [PHI-Personal] is good. Uh,
Nurse: I think [PHI-Personal] is. Ok. I don't think [PHI-Personal] would be a trigger for
Patient: You. It's, it's, and that's fine. Ok. Ok. Thank
Nurse: You. That's, yeah, absolutely. Is it bothering you at night? Like, does it bother you?
Patient: No, as soon as I, uh, now I ate in the morning I did some yard work and I came inside and I had my [PHI-Personal] and yogurt and after that you started. Ok. And it's going to my back too. Ok. Yeah. So I was, I was supposed to go to today but I told my friends I'm not coming, I'm going to take it easy today.
Nurse: Ok. All right. So, yeah, just, just try to avoid any kind of food that has, you know, a high acid content. I don't like that and I'll send you the name for the PriLOSEC.
Patient: Um, so I know I get ready and I take my, I take uh, so I think if I go there, I can make appointment so far and yeah, I can sometimes they might see me right away. Who know? Yeah, they
Nurse: Might, you never know, they might have a cancel or something. It definitely happen.
Patient: So, yeah, I was surprised too when I made the appointment for my, they called me and after two days I had my colonoscopy.
Nurse: Yeah, so that's, that doesn't always happen. So that maybe we'll get lucky again, but just start with that. Like I say, I don't think it's totally necessary to have a primary appointment unless um they want you to see your primary before they see you at G I and I, I don't think with your [PHI-Personal] coverage that they'll require that of you, but if they do just let me know. Ok.
Patient: All right. Have a wonderful week. You as well. Bye bye bye bye.
