Nurse: Um, I mean, I know that I have a note here that you kinda wanted to discuss cost concerns first and copays and things like that. Um, and there was a note that you were supposed to be back in [PHI-Geographic] in, oh, or in [PHI-Personal]. Is that still current? I mean, I can call you back.
Patient: I'm still in [PHI-Geographic]. I won't be back at least until the end of or first of [PHI-Personal], but you can go ahead and because I remember the guy calling me and I took, I thought I was gonna be back in [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, so [PHI-Personal] um is with our enrollment team. He would have been the one that you spoke with. Um, so I have been assigned, I work with doctor s office and I've been assigned as your nurse care manager. Um, what this means is I can call you on a monthly basis and every three month basis, um, even every six or eight or whatever you'd prefer month basis just to check in. Um, my goal is to help communication with uh doctor's office, um, checking in, seeing if there's been any new changes or concerns or medication needs, things like that. Um, just kind of as an extra assistance available to you through um, the interim where you're not in the office visits. Ok.
Patient: Right. So what did that? Yeah, they were supposed to explain to me, uh copays and uh all that stuff. So, do you have that information?
Nurse: Right. Yeah. So as far as our billing, um this is a [PHI-Personal] billable call when we call you, um typically if you don't ever see a visit or a, a bill from your provider visits, you're not gonna see a bill from us either. Um, because it does go through [PHI-Personal] first, uh and normally picked up and completely covered by that as the care management um
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. I have a supplement. I told the gentleman that
Nurse: And yeah, the [PHI-Personal]. Uh huh. Mhm. Yep. Um So anything remainder would go through that as well. Um But like we said, typically if you don't see a doctor's visit bill, you're not gonna see one from us either. Um, and we've kind of been instructed from Tampa General if
Patient: You do, what do you mean a doctor visit from, from?
Nurse: So, when you go in to see your primary care, yeah, when you go in to see your primary care doctor, if you don't have a visit bill or a bill from that visit, then it's gonna be the same with our service as well.
Patient: Well, I have had a, uh, in the past, I have got a bill from her but that happens at the first of the year when you have [PHI-Personal] pay so much it before [PHI-Personal] will start paying.
Nurse: Right. Yeah, you kind of have to meet that deductible first and that's kind of all across the board with any insurance. Uh huh. Right.
Patient: But I did, uh, talked to her virtually a few weeks ago. Yeah. Yeah. So I'll probably be billed for that. Right.
Nurse: Uh I mean, um, it just depends on what they're, what your insurance, um kind of has. I know the telehealth visits are a little bit less on the tier for billables. Um, but I it's likely, I mean, the first of the year, like you said, you're gonna, you're gonna notice a little bit more out of pocket because of the co insurance or, or a deductible plan not being met yet. Um
Patient: The [PHI-Personal]. Yeah.
Nurse: But yeah, yeah, it'll still go through the normal chain of commands. Hit your [PHI-Personal] first and then go through [PHI-Personal] as your secondary for coverage, um, before anything comes to you. Ok. Um, like I said, this is totally optional if you are kind of out of the picture for right now. Uh, I know you're still doing telehealth and things like that. I'd be happy to call you whenever. Um,
Patient: I'm just, you, uh, give me till I get back to [PHI-Geographic], which will be sometime in [PHI-Personal] and I could call doctor Nada's office and tell him that I'm back and then we can go from there.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah that would work um I'll just plan on checking back with you later on then. Ok? Ok, thank you. Alright take care ma'am. Mhm. Bye bye bye.
