Nurse: Got you. So, um, you said the surgery is, is it on [PHI-Personal] or [PHI-Personal] 5th? [PHI-Personal].
Patient: [PHI-Personal], I'm sorry, [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. Ok.
Patient: Got you. It's gonna be [PHI-Personal] and I need to, um, I need to see her before [PHI-Personal] 5th because I need to get this paperwork done and I need to get a referral to see Doctor [PHI-Personal], which that's my rheumatologist for my arthritis and my lupus. That's my lupus doctor, but it a specialist. So now they're telling me some lady called me from the insurance. She goes, I'm gonna have to have a referral for all specialists that I see. Then my insurance tell me that when they gave me my, um, um, my PTO my A HMO now because I got to do a plan. Ok, they told me to do a plan. Then I had a eye exam scheduled for my eye so I can tell you. Yes, I did the, the, um, the lab work I did that. I made the lab, the doctor's appointment for my eyes. I seen the doctor. So what happened? They call me, they canceled that appointment because now they don't take the, do a plan. So I'm having trouble. Yes, I'm having trouble getting in all the walls. I see. I, I've been running into walls. They've been knocking me down. I'm telling
Nurse: You. Oh, my goodness. Well, I'm so sorry. Um, so I know for like, um, the form I think that you had dropped off, like for the surgery that you're gonna have, I believe normally, like with any type of surgery, normally they require like a clearance. So, um, most of the time
Patient: That what it is, yeah,
Nurse: Most of the time that does require an appointment to be had. Um, even though, and like, especially cause she hasn't seen you before, that sort of thing. Um, so let me see what I can pull up real quick cause I know right now you're currently like scheduled to see doctor O Rely on [PHI-Personal]. Um, so let's see. Let me see if there's anything possibly before. Let's look. Um, I think that is the earliest one that is available. Let me look. Mm. And I know since your, um, surgery isn't until [PHI-Personal] 5th that should be ok if you see her on um, [PHI-Personal]. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah. Ok. Yeah. And I can get my clearance for that and also my referral to Doctor [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Right. Yes, ma'am. And I see you do have an appointment already set up though for [PHI-Personal] 14th.
Patient: Yeah, I had, I had to let an appointment go and she reach a call the other day when they canceled my appointment and they rescheduled me and she told me if I don't have the referral by then, then call her back, let her know they'll reschedule it again.
Nurse: I got you. Yes, ma'am. And I know, um, unfortunately, like I said, like the [PHI-Personal], that's the soonest one because there's a lot of patients right now that, you know, had doctor too and, and now they're, they're kind of in that limbo period of, like, I haven't met anybody yet. I
Patient: Know. I know. And everybody's screaming. Yeah, I know. I had a camp for over 25 years. Can you believe
Nurse: That? I, I know a lot of patients, they say the same exact thing and they're like, they're lost without her.
Patient: I, I lost. I'm truly just, I'm terrified without her.
Nurse: Yes, ma'am. Goodness. Well, I'm sorry, you keep, um, running into these, um, blocks. But I know I'm, I think after [PHI-Personal], I think it'll all clear up after that. Um, but I know in the meantime, are there like any medications that you need or you're low on.
Patient: Um, well, um, the doc doctor, um, called his office, got me the couple of medications that I needed. Uh, you know, and I need to see him to get a refill on the nurse will refill them for me. Thank for
Nurse: Me.
Patient: Thank you. Cause I, cause I really need those medications. Yeah, I got that you square that away for me. And, um, my other medication Walgreens is working with me with that and on the [PHI-Personal] they, they always have them sent out through the mail. So fedex to deliver those and he called me and went through my meds the other day and everything is ok for right now. I don't need anything. So
Nurse: Good, good deal. We're trying to
Patient: Keep it straight.
Nurse: Yes, ma'am. I know. Well, I, I think you're doing a good job so far and I know it's tough dealing with, you know, changing and everything with providers and getting stuff set
Patient: Up. But I've never had to have a referral for anything. So I'm wondering, is this, do a plan? Is it ok? I got this because it's blocking me everywhere I go. I can't make it, but I can't even get an eye appointment. I hope vision work sees me when I go see I got appointment for them. I wrote it down but I hope I can see vision work when I go in there and they don't tell me, oh, you gotta do a plan, you don't accept that.
Nurse: I got you. I know um with a lot of the other patients that I call and stuff, it seems like I always have to have like a referral. Um Even like if they don't have um like the United Healthcare Dual Plan, I feel like most of the time the, the insurance or other plans and companies or whatever, um they also require a referral. So, um you know, if it's just the dual plan or what, but I feel like II, I have a lot of the times where they, they say, hey, I have, I'm gonna go see this doctor on this day and I really need a referral or they're not gonna see me. That happens a lot with the patients that I also call and check in on. So I'm not sure if it's, it must just be the thing that they require, I guess.
Patient: And this is the first time I've ever had, ever had to have a referral. My insurance always let me see doctors in or out of the network. I've never any specialist. I never had to have a referral.
Nurse: Hm. That is odd. I know it might have just been, let me see because I know it looks like obviously like any referral that has to been done in the past has been done by Doctor [PHI-Personal]. So, um it might also I know with some of the other patients I've been calling this month since Doctor [PHI-Personal] was left. Um, a lot of the time since they're old referrals, say Doctor [PHI-Personal] on it. That also puts a block in it.
Patient: So that's what, that's what happens. So, she told me, well, we can't see you because you don't, is not your primary. No. Ok. Well, we're not, we can't accept for a referral until you, we see you, you see your primary.
Nurse: Yeah, it's very, very, very, it is, it's very annoying. I agree. I wish it was that way. Mhm.
Patient: I was like, oh, why did they do senior citizens like this? I don't know.
Nurse: Yeah, I don't know why they made their system that way.
Patient: Why senior citizens come on. We already, you know, we're trying to here and now they're making it worse.
Nurse: Right. Well, I definitely will, um, be thinking positive thoughts for you, um, for the next, you know, about 17 days until you meet Doctor o'riley and get it all situated. Um, but if you come across anything, um, that you need something else further about any of your appointments or, um, refills or anything like that, just give me a call and let me know.
Patient: Ok, so far so good. Thanks for calling. Now, I feel better that, you know,
Nurse: No problem. I hope you have a good weekend and I'll talk to you soon.
Patient: I will now. Thank you so much. You're welcome.
Nurse: Bye bye bye bye.
