Nurse: Good. Um, so, yeah, I had originally called you just to check in and see how everything was going. Um, I know that last month I had gone over the care management program with you. Um, just a little bit more information about that and then I know that we went over medications and all that. Um, so this is pretty much just like a first follow up call. Just wanted to check in and see how you were doing. Um, I did see that you had an office visit with doctor [PHI-Personal], um, at the beginning of July. Did everything go well, there,
Patient: Everything, everything went well. It just, one thing she noted there was like the enzyme count. My liver was elevated a little bit. So she just wanted to check that, I guess another blood test, I guess within another month or so.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, I did see that there was some lab work ordered. Um, and then I, I do see where she put the referral in for the um, gastroenterologist.
Patient: Yeah, that, that, yeah, exactly.
Nurse: Perfect. Um, now, let me see here, I'm just looking at the note real quick. Um, did you also have to send out, um, a stool sample? Yeah, I sent that out already. It should be. Oh, ok. Ok. Perfect. Yeah, I just wanted to make sure I saw that it was ordered but I, I didn't know, um, what the status was on that. Yeah.
Patient: So you should, it should, she should have it in the office by today, I guess. So the results,
Nurse: Let's see, it might be scanned in, um, or she might just be receiving those directly. So I don't see anything in the chart quite yet. Um, but like I said, a lot of that stuff that it gets sent out then it's usually has to get scanned into the chart, so I'm sure it'll be in the chart by the end of the week. Um Yeah. So overall, are you feeling ok? Any, any concerns or questions about anything?
Patient: No, I was just, it just really shocked like my blood work came back and everything was pretty much positive. I thought maybe I have high cholesterol or I need a blood, you know, your, your, your blood sugar might be too high, but apparently it wasn't, apparently, I guess everything was ok except for a little bit of enzyme and
Nurse: Yeah, that's great. Um, let me see here. I'm just looking at her, um, note here now. Um, do you have your appointment already scheduled with the gastroenterologist?
Patient: No, I don't have that done yet. I was going to wait until, uh, I guess he said sometime near Labor Day, I
Nurse: Guess. Yeah. Ok. Yeah. Sounds good. And then, um, I didn't see where she had changed any med, uh, the medications that you're on, did anything change. No, everything's ok. Perfect. And I know that you just saw her recently, but do you need any refills on anything that you know of? No, not anything,
Patient: I'm all caught up on date.
Nurse: Good. Ok, sounds good. Let me see here. Now, I do see that you are, um, taking the Losartan for your BP. Do you take your BP at home? Uh,
Patient: No, not all you, I mean, the last time this, I mean, ever since I been going back down so it, it's all been pretty, pretty, pretty good at all times. So yeah,
Nurse: I was gonna say the last, the last reading that I see here is really good. So it was like 1 28/82. So that looks good. Well, I'm glad it's being managed. Well, um, you know, just with my patients who have high BP, I know you're on medication but just in case you do have any headaches, like consistent headaches, any dizziness, shortness of breath, anything like that. Um, then we'll definitely wanna make sure that, you know, we get your BP taken whether it's at home or in office. Um, but, you know, like I said, I'm sure it's being managed well with the medication it looks like. So, um, but definitely let me know if you ever have any symptoms like that. Um, yeah, so, well, I'm glad you're doing well. Um, I just wanted to touch base with you. Um, now if you ever have any questions or concerns if anything pops up before, um, I call you next month, feel free to give me a call at any time. Um,
Patient: The only thing I ask you, if, if it does come by in the charts, there can just leave a message that the, that the, the, the, I guess the stool sample was ok.
Nurse: Sure. Yeah. And I was gonna say once, um, once all the lab work comes back, Doctor [PHI-Personal] usually sends a letter out, but I'll keep an eye on it. Um, just to see if anything, it's either a letter or a call. So, and that usually comes directly from her. But, um, I'll keep an eye on it just to, you know, just in case because I have had patients who, who's taken a long time to get the letter, even if everything is ok and they just wanna know, you know what's going on. So that tells me
Patient: If she, if she don't hear, if you don't hear from her, then everything's fine. That's what she told me last time I think.
Nurse: Ok, Um yeah I'll I'll definitely keep an eye on it though and see if anything um you know, and of course if anything is abnormal, she'll definitely be in touch with you but um like I said, I'll definitely keep an eye on it to make sure it comes in. Ok. Ok. All right. Well, sounds good like I said if anything pops up you just let me know if not then I'll just plan on touching base with you next month. Very good. Alrighty. Well, you have a great rest of your day. You too. You have a nice week. Thank you. You too. Bye bye bye bye.
