Nurse: Still there?
Patient: Yes. Oh, goodness. I finally, finally this morning got a shower. Nobody, nobody had so much is offering me a face cloth.
Nurse: I didn't hear the last thing you said. I'm sorry.
Patient: No one had even a offered me a face cloth. Um
Nurse: I, is that the normal when you're there? I
Patient: Don't know. I've never been here before.
Nurse: Uh, what hospital are you
Patient: At? No, no, no, I'm a nursing home. You're
Nurse: In a nursing home? Thank
Patient: You.
Nurse: Ok. I didn't know that. I thought you were, they were taking you to the hospital the last we spoke.
Patient: They live me.
Nurse: Ok. So you went to what hospital first?
Patient: Thank you. I, I didn't hear you. Let me swallow this time off.
Nurse: Ok. Sorry,
Patient: I, the wife that so. Ok. Ok. I went, I went home and I got down and I couldn't get up.
Nurse: Right? And when we talked the Ems was there at the time,
Patient: Right? They got me up, they got me and he suggested I just go to the hospital to get checked out. Mhm. So, um, I'm still choking on that.
Nurse: Ok. Take your time. Are you sitting up?
Patient: Yeah. Ok. So, um, um, so we went to the hospital, hospital was like, yeah, we can't do anything for her, send her to a nursing home. Oh,
Nurse: Ok. So you're in rehab? You're not in a nursing facility? Not a skilled nursing. I
Patient: Am a skilled nursing. You are? Yes. Ok. So it's, um, oh God, what the hell is it? I don't know, where am I calling from?
Nurse: It? It didn't pop up. Um
Patient: Um let me look, I think.
Nurse: [PHI-Geographic],
Patient: I think. Yeah. Ok. Um No, so I give him and they kind of put me in the bed sli some oxygen on and that's it. I was in such pain from the back spasm because of the mucus and I kept asking him for cough medicine. I finally got it this morning after I said I was breathing. Yeah, I got a shower after I said I was leaving things move real quick and everyone, oh, you need to go home. I need to go home. Um I mean, I've done everything I wanted and I stood up, I sat down, I move my leg. I don't know what, what else they want. Mhm.
Nurse: Do you have family that can assist you with? Making sure that they're doing the proper things with you.
Patient: I'm going home [PHI-Personal]. I'm not gonna be here today.
Nurse: Ok. Well, do you have family that will help you get home and get all settled in? Absolutely. Ok. And who is that?
Patient: Well, my, I live with my roommate. Ok.
Nurse: So she'll come.
Patient: Yeah, her daughter lives next door but she and her husband are L PM. Ok. So, you know.
Nurse: Ok. Right. So what I mean, what is your plan? I'll just note it and forward to all.
Patient: And my son is a respiratory
Nurse: Therapist. No, you definitely need him for sure.
Patient: Yeah, once I get home. Yeah. So, but I, I'm not staying here. Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
Nurse: Now, did you have a provider come in there to see you?
Patient: No, I don't think so. I don't know. What is the provider?
Nurse: Well, just any of the, like, if you're in a skilled nursing facility, they have their own doctors. So I wasn't sure if any of them came
Patient: In. No.
Nurse: When did they transfer you there? Would they? Two yesterday? Tuesday?
Patient: We
Nurse: All right. All right. So, um, what I, what's your game plan right now? I know you say you're leaving. But what's your next step? So I can note everything? Well, I'm,
Patient: I'm waiting for a doctor's order. Great. If I leave with other doctors or insurance isn't gonna pay. Exactly. Well, they [PHI-Personal]. [PHI-Personal] is, uh, free for 20 days. Right.
Nurse: I do not know much about billing. Um, that's a billing question. Let me, um, but I will forward all this to Doctor [PHI-Personal]. Uh so she's aware of the situation and what's going on. Um, and I'll let her know that you do want to, to leave and that you need a doctor's order to do. So,
Patient: Here's the deal, [PHI-Personal], I am going to leave.
Nurse: I know, but give it a little bit of time that way you're not leaving against doctor's orders. Um,
Patient: If I have to call Uber, I will call Uber. I mean,
Nurse: No, I, I understand where you're coming from, but let me try to help you that way it is covered by your insurance. So it's not gonna be a bill that you receive. Um, let me forward the message along, letting her know the situation. Um, and then if
Patient: You don't hear from me,
Nurse: Yes, if you don't hear from me within a couple of hours, call me back. Ok? All right. All right. All right, I'll talk to you soon. Thank you. You're welcome. Bye bye bye bye.
