Nurse: But ok. Ok. Yeah. So last time we talked, uh, looks like it was back in June. Um, we had discussed, um, that, uh, your next appointment coming up, uh, with [PHI-Personal], um, in [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal]. Um, you're due for a mammogram. Um, so when she gets that ordered, um, you can give me a call and then I can help get that set up for you. Um, yeah, and then we were also discussing,
Patient: Uh, which one I go to, the one I got by a Universal Ma I want to go the closest one because you know, I have to get around that, that you know, the closest one. Yeah. Yeah,
Nurse: When um, when you go see [PHI-Personal] and then she gets that ordered, um, we can, we can definitely discuss which, which um, tower facility is closer to you. Um,
Patient: Then we can, when I come to see her, then when I come to see her next month, then I can get all my paperwork. Yes, perfect. Ok. Yeah I just wanna know because I'll wait until I come and see her first. She give me everything I need then all I gotta do go take care of what I have to take care of.
Nurse: Yes ma'am. Um and then you also have a lab appointment scheduled the day before your appointment um to get that. Yeah, next month you have two appointments.
Patient: Ok. The [PHI-Personal] is what uh what, what they going to do on the second [PHI-Personal] and what you
Nurse: Are. Yeah. Yeah. So on [PHI-Personal] is your lab appointment? Um so it looks like she has some labs ordered for you. Um um she has your vitamin D, your CBC um your C MP she has your cholesterol and then vitamin B 12.
Patient: Oh ok.
Nurse: Ok. Um so just normal regular uh routine blood work um cause it looks like you haven't had blood work done um in a couple months. Uh so she needs to
Patient: Couple of months. Oh yeah it's time for it. Yeah. Yeah.
Nurse: Um, do you have those appointments written down somewhere?
Patient: I got him on, I think it's on my, uh, can you, can you email them to me just to be on the safe side?
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um, do you use the my chart? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I can, uh, I can definitely, um, message you about the appointment reminders on the my chart. Um, and then let's see if you are due for anything else,
Patient: Not, you know, places to go.
Nurse: Yeah. Um let's see here. It does not look like it. Ok, good. Um And then as far as, um, are you getting a p your [PHI-Personal] shot?
Patient: I have to get it from there because I went to Walgreens. They said they ain't never gave it to him but I got it from somebody. I think so. That's a, that's a uh oh man, that's the uh shot, right?
Nurse: Yes. Yes, you are correct.
Patient: Oh I put it in. I, I couldn't afford, I had the person at Walgreen but they trying to tell me that I did.
Nurse: Yeah. You know, normally I think that medication is administered uh as like a nurse visit. Um So at your next appointment maybe maybe they can give you that shot at your appointment in [PHI-Personal] cause I think it, I think it says that you were due for that shot uh this month. Yeah, so you'll, you'll, you'll, you'll be close. Um So I would ask [PHI-Personal] when you go and see her about getting, uh, getting a [PHI-Personal] shot?
Patient: Oh, ok. When I come in I can get it up there.
Nurse: I would ask, um,
Patient: Could you ask for me and let me know what they say?
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. Actually, yes, I can do that. Ask about [PHI-Personal] shot. Yes, I will ask about that. Ok. Um, and are you, um, so I know you're taking the [PHI-Personal] shot, but are you doing anything else, uh, to help strengthen your bones? So, are you getting, uh, good amounts of calcium in?
Patient: Well, I try to take some over the counter vitamin, you know, I would say.
Nurse: Yeah. Are you, are you taking over the counter vitamins?
Patient: No, I, I had some in here because it been like a long time since I had my shot, you know, I, right.
Nurse: Yeah, definitely. You know, supplementing with vitamins will, will help you, um, you know, eating foods that are fortified in calcium. So a lot of your cheeses, um, milk. I
Patient: Got, I don't have no problem with no cheese. I love, I love and [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: All right. Well, that's a good combination right there. Yeah. Sound
Patient: Good. They call me the man. Yeah.
Nurse: Oh, that's awesome. Um, yeah, so definitely diet is a big thing, um, with preventing and then treating, um, you know, osteoporosis.
Patient: I used to be on the pills, you know, I guess, you know, the, the shot I used to get the pill. Uh-huh. And I was going to my medicine and I still, I felt some to take once a week. Ok. It's, uh, [PHI-Personal]. Uh huh.
Nurse: Ok. Um, that one's on your medication list, so I'm not sure about that medication. Um. 00, ok. I would bring that medication in with you though and ask about it. Um, yeah, because, yeah, I'm not seeing that one on your list here that you're taking.
Patient: No, no what I used to take this before I stopped coming to you all. That's what I used to.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. Ok. Um yeah so I'll I'll ask about the [PHI-Personal] shot to see if we can get that um the same day that you come in um to see Isa uh [PHI-Personal] right. Yeah uh huh. Um yeah so we'll we'll ask about that and then um so then we talked about diet um is there anything else that you were needing?
Patient: No I got some medication until I come in here so I got enough medication.
Nurse: Ok good
Patient: I get there I'm pretty good with the medicine.
Nurse: Ok, awesome. Alrighty um well then I will um I will keep you updated to see what they say. Ok. Ok. Alright. Alrighty, Miss [PHI-Personal] um well if like like I said if uh you need anything you just give me a call um and I will update you to see if we can get that [PHI-Personal] shot the same day as your appointment. Alrighty. Alright, thank you. Alright, Miss [PHI-Personal] you have a nice day.
Patient: You too you have a good weekend. Thank you. You too you
Nurse: Ain't got uh no, not this weekend. Oh
Patient: Yeah you have a good weekend. Have
Nurse: A weekend you as well miss. Well. Ok bye bye
Patient: Bye bye.
