Nurse: Well could have um, a couple years ago, I know there's been a number of changes to the rules and requirements over the past five years. Um I'll put in a request for [PHI-Personal] days. I just can't promise anything
Patient: Ok. Oh, that's fine. That's fine. And it's over quality care. All
Nurse: Right. Let me just make sure that, sorry, this computers are running a bit slow this morning. There we go. Ok. I do have that all set up there for you and you are coming in to see [PHI-Personal]. It looks like [PHI-Personal] at 99 o'clock. Ok. And do you feel like your LORazepam is doing an adequate job of controlling your anxiety?
Patient: Well, yes, I, I usually take it at night and I get five hours sleep. I mean, I'm dead to the world for five hours and you know, I do have to get up to go to the bathroom a couple of times so sometimes I can get back to sleep and sometimes I can't, but I did, I do get five good hours of sleep with this out of hand. So uh uh I guess I'll just stay with this and, and if it's only 30 days that that's fine, but that 30 days goes so fast. It
Nurse: Does, it really does. Um Let's see here. I wonder if we can get you set up on automatic refill. So that quality care just sends over the request a couple of days before. Hm. Uh You know what I'll call over to quality care and see if we can get you set up on an automatic refill, so to speak. Um with that they would send us a, a request uh a couple days before it's due to be refilled so that we can send over a refill order or
Patient: I wouldn't have to call you then. Yeah, that's
Nurse: That way. You don't have to worry about it.
Patient: Oh, ok. Um, I'll,
Nurse: I'll see if that's something that they can do. Ok. All right. Um, everything else going pretty good
Patient: For you. Yes, I just came from Walmart. I went for five things and I spent $71. 0, well, I, I got some paper products. Oh, honestly, man, it, that's just terrible prices. Oh, my gosh. So I just loaded up on some of those and I made three trips in from the parking lot, so I'm tired.
Nurse: Oh, yeah, I can
Patient: Imagine. I wanted to call and, and, uh, you know, I guess that you called this in. So probably call me. Well, you're really good at doing this. I know the last month I think a couple of hours later he called and said I had a prescription ready. So, so she calls it in right away. So,
Nurse: Yes, that's the one, that's the one really nice thing. Um, I'm logged right in the system so I send the refill request straight to [PHI-Personal] and [PHI-Personal] and Doctor [PHI-Personal] are fantastic. They normally get to my messages within like half an hour or so.
Patient: Oh, I know. I was surprised when he called, so that's great. Ok. Uh, no, everything else is. Ok. Ok.
Nurse: Uh, that sounds good. So, your BP has been holding steady.
Patient: Oh, go, I, I've been going to buy one. I, I have one here but I don't think I had it on. Right. But it, it's, it's always ok when I go to the doctor except it might be a little high when, like, the nurse takes it and then when she takes it it's much lower. Yeah,
Nurse: It's probably, I got into the [PHI-Geographic] a little anxious. Yeah. You know, there,
Patient: It's, I mean, I do take a pill for that but, uh, no, I have no problems with it. So, uh, but everything else seems to be ok. And I'm going to be [PHI-Personal] years old in November. So he got,
Nurse: Yeah, that's exciting. Are you going to have a party?
Patient: Oh, no, it isn't exciting. Something I don't want to be [PHI-Personal]. Well, I live alone and I have two sons and the one doesn't talk to me. He's down in [PHI-Geographic]. I haven't seen him in 36 years. His wife doesn't like me and their dad left, left us when they were 10 and 15 and now they're [PHI-Personal] and [PHI-Personal] gonna be [PHI-Personal] next week. So, uh, and he lives up by Newville. I saw him on Sunday. I stopped up to see them and he gave me some peppers out of his little garden. So, uh, but I live alone, you know, and I don't know. II, I wish I had been up at [PHI-Geographic]. So I don't know if you know where they are or not.
Nurse: I've heard of them. I'm not familiar with them. I've never actually seen them.
Patient: Yeah. Well, that's where I was. And seven years ago my two sisters live over Chapel Point at the retirement home and my nephews, [PHI-Personal] and [PHI-Personal] thought I should move over there with them. That would be great having three sisters living at one place. That's the biggest mistake I could have made. I moved and I only stayed eight months. They had me in a fish apart and I didn't have enough money to buy it. So they modified the price and I was paying 17 $1200 a month rent for two rooms and a bath. And I mean, I got sick, I really got sick. I lost 12 lbs. So, um, I, I left there and I came over here on [PHI-Geographic] to uh [PHI-Geographic]. I've lived here before but, um, I don't know, this place is so old and I have problems, but I wish I was back at [PHI-Geographic]. I don't know once I have my blood work done next month with uh doctor and everything's ok. I might inquire again about, um, um, [PHI-Geographic] apartments because I have two friends that live up there on Strayer [PHI-Geographic]. And, uh, and so, well, anyway, that's my story. So I, I just sort of get lonely, you know, and, but thank goodness I can still [PHI-Geographic]. Oh, the day I can't [PHI-Geographic]. So I don't know what I'll do. I, and I have a friend that lives in Springs and she called me yesterday and she goes to doctor [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal]. And, uh, she said, [PHI-Personal], could you take me to the doctor on Thursday? And, and I started to get classics to do my laundry and they'll be here Thursday. And I had a question and I said, oh, surely I can't. So I'm gonna call her back and say yes, I will come down and take you on Thursday. And I can, uh, if I, if I get this darn lock to work, I can put my clothes out in the hall and he'll come and pick it up. If not, I'll wait until Monday. But she needs someone. She moved in with her son and, and, you know, they have three kids and the youngest is [PHI-Personal] Terrific basketball player and he goes to college next week up at [PHI-Geographic]. So I'll have to give her a call and tell her I will take her on Thursday. So, I mean, I do like to help people. You know, it gets to be out too and talking to people. Mhm. And that's what I need. I used to be a bank teller and I love that part of it, but I like the job but I really enjoyed the people. So, but that was years ago. So, well, I don't want to hold you up any longer. Um, I'll wait for them to call me. Then I'll go over. I'm only about a block away from quality care, so I'll get that today. Yeah. So. Ok.
Nurse: All right. Well, I'll get this all put through for you. If anything changes and you need more help, let us know, you know, with your BP, as long as you're not having those signs, you know, the headaches, the dizziness, the flushing of your face. Oh, I would say you're probably doing pretty good cause that BP. Really? You're really only going to start feeling those symptoms if it's over like 1 40/[PHI-Personal] or 1 50.
Patient: Uh-huh. Um, so I don't have any of those symptoms. I never get headaches and I'm not dizzy. So, uh, but I miss work more on my, um, BP little machine. I have, I, I guess maybe I wasn't in the mood to do it that day and I didn't get it tight enough. So, and I have looked at new ones and, um, I, I wanna get a new one but I just haven't done it yet. So, I'm sorry?
Nurse: No, that's fine. I'm not, I, I just wanna make sure that you're not having any of the symptoms because that's, that's when you're symptomatic. Now, you can have high BP without having symptoms. But, um, that we would just like to make sure, you know, you're pretty much status quo nothing changing because, you know, if you start having a lot more headaches, that's when we start getting worried. Um, because, yeah, because you know that, that top number, that systolic number tells us how much pressure is being exerted in your arteries. When your heart pumps, the lower number tells us when you're at rest. So we just wanna make sure those two numbers are good because you're having too much pressure in those arteries. Then you know, that puts you at a higher risk for heart attacks, strokes, my heart failure, all of that. So we just like to make sure that, you know, that everything is still staying pretty even that you're not having any other signs of anything that,
Patient: No, I'm, I'm doing good for my age. Good. Ok. Well, thank you very much and I'll pick up my pills this afternoon and when calls. So. Ok. Well, uh, now are you in doctor [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Geographic]?
Nurse: I am not physically in the [PHI-Geographic]. We actually work remotely because we're not seeing patients. So we don't need to take up
Patient: Room. Oh, ok. Now, where are you located? Where are
Nurse: You? Um, I actually work from home, so I'm about an hour from you guys.
Patient: Oh, you work from home? Oh, my goodness. Oh, I have a question. Um, [PHI-Personal] was gonna get married in [PHI-Personal]. Did she get married yet?
Nurse: I did not know that since I'm not in the [PHI-Geographic]. I don't, I don't know a lot of those things. Oh.
Patient: Oh, that's right. You're not. Well, she told me when I was in the last night that she was gonna be getting married in [PHI-Personal] and I said something, I think to that one time she called and because she didn't know either, but now I realize why you're not in the [PHI-Geographic] and, and, uh, so I don't know. I, I hope she stays. I hope she doesn't leave when she's married. Well,
Nurse: I haven't heard anything about anyone leaving. So that's a good
Patient: Sign. That's a good, that's good news then. Ok. Well, thanks a lot. I'm sorry to take up so much of your time. Oh,
Nurse: Don't apologize. That's what I'm here for. I'm happy to hear from you. Yeah,
Patient: It was nice working from home, I guess, isn't it?
Nurse: I do really like working from my slippers.
Patient: Yeah. Do you have little ones?
Nurse: I do. They're going back to school soon.
Patient: So. 00, my, didn't the summer fly? Yes. Oh, my gosh, I can't believe. And the [PHI-Personal] is when my mother's birthday, she would have been 100 and seven. My parents were [PHI-Personal] when they passed and I lost my sister at Chapel Point. Be a year on [PHI-Personal] and I, I just still miss her so much. We did so much together. And that, that's one of my pro, my biggest problem. I, when I go eat and go certain places she'd want to go down the Bosco and, you know, and we did so much together and I don't have her anymore. So I'm, uh, it's a year, I can't believe it's almost a year. But I take flowers up and put up on the vase at the cemetery. And I told her that when she was passing away when I was over to talk to her and I told her that I would keep flowers in the vase and she lost her son, her only child 13 years ago, [PHI-Personal] died of lung cancer and he was [PHI-Personal] something, I guess. Yeah. So, uh, so they're both up at [PHI-Geographic] and I usually, I try to get up every week. So. Ok. Well, listen, it, it's really nice talking with you and, um, I'll pick up my pills later on today.
Nurse: All right. Well, you have a very good day. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Bye bye.
Nurse: Bye bye.
