Nurse: Right? Which technically is still high but it's not scary high. Are you serious? Oh just that's just technical. Yeah, but I mean oh my God, I was so proud
Patient: Man. You got just fuck my bubble.
Nurse: It's better. It's better. It was 1 50 something before so it was better.
Patient: Ok? What, what's good for me?
Nurse: Um Unless the provider, if doctor [PHI-Personal] said something specific for you, I would go by that. I have to look and see if she put that in her notes at all. But I mean, you know, typically you want one twenties or one thirties on the top uh and then your bottom number, I mean your bottom is fine. Your bottom was what? [PHI-Account] or [PHI-Account]? Your bottom number is perfect. Just your top number is just just a smidge high. It's not scary. It's just like, yeah, you do need to, you know, be aware of that and keep treating it. Um, but yeah, not that I wouldn't call you on that one even because I'm like, well, you know, it's not too bad
Patient: And my pulse is 66. Is that good?
Nurse: It is 60 to 100 is normal. Ok, we're resting. Right. So, yeah. Yep, it looks good. All right. Good job. I want
Patient: You to know my BP is better than any of my Children.
Nurse: Oh, boy,
Patient: My, my youngest son is taking [PHI-Personal], at least [PHI-Personal], maybe three BP medicines. His wife is taking [PHI-Personal] and that's my youngest son. My middle son, his BP was ridiculous. And so was my oldest. I don't care if he never tells it, you know, I know him. Yeah, I'm telling
Nurse: You. But, no,
Patient: I'm happy that tell my grandchildren their parents have high BP, their grandparents and their great grandparents on both sides. So, you got to take good care of yourself. I have em cracking up. I said, and I'm [PHI-Personal] and I'm trying to tell you don't do me. I'm telling you. But my BP has been good for over 15 years. Good. Because I remember when I first started having a problem because I worked in a discipline office at the high school and I took all the children's problems on myself. I just worry with them. Yeah. And my, my family practitioner said to me, you're gonna have a stroke if you don't stop. He said you worry about a bunch of kids that don't care about their self, parents don't care and you try to have a stroke over them. And he just so one day my Children called him and said something is wrong with mom and we caught her before she fell into the, the picture window. I had a shot in my head. Somebody shot me in my head. That's when I had the first ti a that she had a stroke, take it right to the hospital and I'll meet you. And he told me, he said, didn't I tell you? I said you need to leave me alone. But eventually he took me off my job. Oh, ok. Yeah, he took me off that.
Nurse: I mean, some of us just have that kind of personality because I do that with my patients sometimes and I have to catch myself like, ok, this is, this is all I can do. I
Patient: Can't manage it because we care, we care more than sometimes the they daycare. So, so I'm different about it with the ministry. Um because at home I did, I was the leader uh over hospital ministry and hospital ministry. And then I also was a chaplain at the hospital when I lived in [PHI-Geographic]. So I got to see everything I got to see things that I never thought I'd ever see part of my training when I was going through, through the C PE program is when a baby died. Hm. We had to go in the freezer, get the baby hand print and footprint, the baby dre them, wrap them in a blanket and take them to the mother. Oh, my goodness. And hold the memorial service for the parents. Oh, that's just one of the things to tear anybody up. That's just one of the things when somebody die, uh, uh, from trauma because I volunteer for trauma and, um, cancer and it's so much.
Nurse: Oh, cancer. That's a rough one too. But that, and kids, those are, those are some of the worst ones
Patient: To see. I tell you, I did that for, I don't know how many years but I loved it. Yeah. Well,
Nurse: You, you can make a difference though and just bring in some comfort to somebody and that's satisfying. Yeah. And, you know, that makes you so good that you're able to help a little bit.
Patient: Oh, I was so, such a difficult, I loved it. I would, I would volunteer at the hospital now but COVID is out there and I'm scared of co it again.
Nurse: You can only do what you can do. I
Patient: Would love it because just bringing comfort to somebody means so much to me. Yeah. Well, I agree. My kids used to say, oh, keep on here. See, I raised my three kids. Just me and the kids because I divorced early on. Um, and then my, my second son's father who raised, my oldest son died when the kids were [PHI-Personal] and [PHI-Personal] and he was [PHI-Personal] and I was [PHI-Personal]. That was the love of my life. Then my youngest son's father, um, died from an automobile accident five weeks before my youngest son was born. So I've been through my stuff now.
Nurse: Yeah. You've been through it. You, and then
Patient: I raise your friends, one, I raised from second grade to college. The next one I raised from [PHI-Personal] years old to college and, and continued on with them in their adult life. Yeah. So, you know, but I know what you can
Nurse: Do and then you gotta take care of yourself too
Patient: So you can doing better on that. But you just bust my bubble. I was so proud. That's why I called you. I, I didn't mean to like that. You, you said, well, and when you went, well, I said, oh, no.
Nurse: Well, and the thing is I don't have a lot to compare it to at this moment. I've only got one other reading, you know, to compare it to. So as you're doing this every day, keep doing it every day. I,
Patient: I realize, I mean,
Nurse: A bunch of comparisons
Patient: Now after I do the BP, should I hit memory?
Nurse: That's only if you wanna look back at it on the machine. But you can also use the log book that came with it, either the weekly or monthly, whichever one you want. That way you can have them there in front of yourself if you like. But as long as you plug that little
Patient: BB in and I'm also putting it in my, my, um, my journal, you know, my time. Yeah, I'll get that up too. All right, babe, I just wanted to hear you. Boost me up. There you go. You're doing
Nurse: Good though. It's better than it was, so I'm happy with
Patient: That. All right. Enjoy the rest of I know you have a good day. Alright. Bye bye bye.
