Nurse: Yeah, up here I'm trying to get you loaded on. Let's see here. Mhm I have and click. OK. So you saw [PHI-Personal] on the [PHI-Personal]? Ok. I see. I do see that denial documentation not you request. OK. So it's saying to request an appeal appeal which is standard ex for standard appeals for expedited appeals. OK. So that was received, it looks like via a fax
Patient: Appeal. I put appeal. No, I put appeal in for some acupuncture but I don't put an appeal in for no, no,
Nurse: No. Yeah, we there's a prior the authorization for that. It was a denial letter saying where they denied that medication.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: So and it gives off a list of numbers to call. But I will, I can send [PHI-Personal] a message. Let me see if I see anything in the triage and I don't, I will. Yeah, that's gonna be the best thing is to kind of make sure that they're aware that that fax came in for that denial and see what possibly they can do.
Patient: Yeah, because they've been helping me a lot and like I had, you know, an injury and disintegration of my spine and up in my neck and it says I have got a lot of migraines from it. Oh, yeah. And you know, I don't know why they would appeal it. II I don't know why they would deny it. I'm sorry.
Nurse: No, you're fine. I don't, I'm trying to see if I can dig around and find anything else going on.
Patient: Um, I mean, it's not due until [PHI-Personal]. They gave me a little card that says a discount. So I don't know what, how good of a discount it would be. And I did call PAC is an area of aging thing that see if they can help out with it, but if [PHI-Personal] can approve it, that'd be great.
Nurse: Right. Yeah. Have you looked in Good Rx?
Patient: Have you heard of? I have a card? Yeah, I have a card. Yeah, I'm
Nurse: Seeing if I can, I pulled it up so I'm gonna see what I can, what it'll say. Oh, and what? Ok. Uh, you can use Rite Aid or CVS.
Patient: Rite Aid and they're very common.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: Well, I'm just trying to find all those different avenues.
Nurse: I know. I know. I, I'm trying to see if I can find anything on you real quick. Hold up the zip code.
Patient: I'm over 65 now, so I'm in [PHI-Geographic].
Nurse: Bye bye. Why is that zip code looks so weird. Oh, that's gonna be why? What us? Ok. Uh So it looks like that's expensive. They're good Rx. It's like $600.
Patient: What?
Nurse: Yeah, that's what it's showing,
Patient: Right? I don't understand that. I
Nurse: Don't either. So we'll definitely see if and you said you don't need a refill to the [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Yeah, but it seems like it was 100 and some uh injection maybe six times like this. Uh I don't know where I saw that actually. Yeah, I think one of the girls from [PHI-Personal] told me uh huh. Maybe she's the one somebody told me it was that much. An injection and 20 or something.
Nurse: Yeah, it is. It's uh 100 and 20 mg per milliliter. So you'll do 100 and 20 mg subcutaneous which means it's right under the skin once monthly,
Patient: Right? Oh, maybe that's what it was. I thought it was a I thought it was a price.
Nurse: No, next show in the milligrams per milliliter. So basically you'll get one mL put sub Q so right under the skin monthly. Um
Patient: And they gave me 22 at the, they did give me two there at the office. Oh, I had an annual done.
Nurse: Yeah. Oh, that's nice.
Patient: Oh, that's paid for.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. When your me migraines are bad. I mean, I'm definitely, like, I wanted to try to figure out as far as what I can do here to see what we can do about that, you know. But, um, do you do anything to try to help with your migraines? You know?
Patient: Well, I was taking um Rizatriptan drug and I was taking amitriptyline and I've been taking that for quite a while.
Nurse: Yeah, it says it plan to try to discontinue amitriptyline, take one tablet every other day at bedtime for two weeks, then stop.
Patient: Yeah. Well, we talked about that. I said I had some pain and stuff so she said just I could continue that if I wanted. But there is a Triptan drug um, when I started the headache but I have three day cluster migraines. So it's like I constantly had to take it, you know.
Nurse: Yeah, definitely. I mean, I suggest keep taking it too. Does like a calm environment, dark room fan. Any of that helped you
Patient: A little bit,
Nurse: A little bit. I don't, I don't get cluster migraines like you at all, but like every couple of months I'll get one and that's the only thing that helps me is going to my bedroom and make it dark like black in there and then turn it on that fan.
Patient: Well, when I overdo it, I got a lot of migraines because of my neck, my, in my spinal injuries and stuff. I get a lot more than normal.
Nurse: OK, I hate that for you. I really do. OK?
Patient: I don't know if you put all that in the appeal or whatever.
Nurse: Yeah, I mean I can make note of, you know, make note of all that as well as well cause you have that cervical
Patient: Disorder,
Nurse: Right? Let's see because you go to a neurosurgeon. You guys cu you still do acupuncture?
Patient: Yeah, chiropractic care and all.
Nurse: Yeah. OK. I'll definitely reach out and, and I have to say maybe she's already, I don't know we'll try to figure out what's going on for sure.
Patient: You get back to you then.
Nurse: Yes, ma'am. If, if they, if I probably, if for some reason doesn't contact you about what's going on don't usually message me back and so yes, I'll keep you up to date and everything.
Patient: Ok. Thanks,
Nurse: Of course. Do you need anything else?
Patient: No, that's it.
Nurse: Ok. Well, just try to take it easy and rest as much as you can. Ok?
Patient: Have a great day.
Nurse: You too hon. Thank you. Bye bye bye.
