Nurse: Oh, ok.
Patient: Let's see. Um Yes, sir. I was calling to do your um your every three months call with, oh, excuse me, your, every three month call. I'm filling in for your regular nurse, [PHI-Personal]. Oh, ok. So how have you been doing since the last time we spoke with you?
Nurse: Oh, I've been doing good. I've been fighting off some anxiety and a little bit of depression and it's a lack of motivation some days. Um I mean, I've mentioned it to doctor [PHI-Personal]. He's my psychiatrist. So, and he says, well, he basically said that's how it is when you have chronic depression. I'm Yeah. Well, so, but other than that physically, you know, I'm fine. I mean, there's no other problems there. I mean, my knees hurt but, you know, I'm getting old so I, I expect that and it's just been a little, a little bout of depression and some anxiety other than that I'm doing ok.
Patient: Ok, let's go ahead and do our screener questionnaire for that. Now, bear with me. Ok. Would you say your depression has been worse or your anxiety?
Nurse: Probably my anxiety.
Patient: Ok. And what types of things would you say? Make you anxious?
Nurse: Well, I worry a lot about so many different things that sometimes it gets the better on me. I mean, one, my mom's health, I have to worry about that. And, you know, I, I had to get myself a new car a couple of years ago and, you know, I'm making the payments and stuff. I, I just don't have the same amount of money that I did in the bank and I get worried about that. Sometimes it's like, you know, you know, things will work out, give it more time, let stuff build up and stuff. So I worry about that and then they had set me up for a colonoscopy that's not until [PHI-Personal], but still it's only a month away. And I'm thinking they have me going every three years for that instead of every five years because I had polyps at one point. So I'm thinking, well, I hope they don't find nothing this time around. So I worry about that and it's just general anxiety. I mean, if I'm having a good day and things are going good. I'm fine. As soon as one or two things go wrong and if they're small things, like, like, all been out of shape, I, I say to myself, well, this day shot, maybe tomorrow will be better. And I, I kinda, I over emphasize, I blow things out of proportion sometimes. But, and then other days, you know, like today I'm fine, you know, I'm fine today. I mean, it's, it's just, it's not constant, it's not like, oh, you know, five straight days, it's, you know, two days here and then I'm fine, there may be another day and then I'm fine for a few days and then it pops up again. It's just, it's something I've had. Oh Christ, probably my whole life. I used to be on nerve pills at one point and then the doctors took me off the Xanax cause my insurance company at the time wasn't covering them. So I'm taking Gaba gabapentin for anxiety. But I think the nerve pills were a little bit better. So if, if, if I keep having problems with this anxiety next time I see him, I think I'm gonna see if I could see if I can get some nerve pills. See if he thinks that's a good idea or what he wants to do there. But it's, it's peaks and valleys. You know, I can be fine for a while and then few things go wrong like you know, I, I stay with my sister and our stoke, our stoker was giving us problems two consecutive Saturdays and then our plumbing was giving us problems. And I'm thinking, oh my God, it's like, what's next? I'm always like, waiting for the other shoe to fall. It's like, oh, now what's gonna happen? So, but I admit I blow it out of a portion most of the time. So, so that's, that's been bugging me but I have good days and bad days. Ok.
Patient: So let's right now, let's just jump on into the screener questionnaire and then we can talk a little bit more about that anxiety. So this, I'm sure you're familiar with the screening. It's called the gas seven. So everything is over the scale of the last two weeks. So, over the last two weeks, I know you said you've been feeling nervous, anxious or on edge. Would you say that several days? More than half the days or nearly every day
Nurse: Over the last two weeks when everything go wrong was probably several days?
Patient: Ok. And not being able to stop or control your worrying.
Nurse: Yeah, probably several days
Patient: Worrying too much about different things. So, several days, more than half the days, nearly every day,
Nurse: Probably more than half today because I worry about everything.
Patient: Trouble relaxing. Yes. So several days, more than half or nearly every day. Yeah, I'll
Nurse: Say several days, the last two weeks
Patient: Being so restless that it's hard to sit still.
Nurse: Oh, no. That, that hasn't been too bad. That hasn't been too bad. I'm not that re restless,
Patient: Becoming easily annoyed or
Nurse: Irritable about several days. Last two weeks is everything was just getting done happening. So, I was kind of getting a little bit irritable with everything
Patient: And feeling afraid as if something awful might happen several days, more than half the days, nearly every day,
Nurse: Probably several days. You know, I'm just talking the last two weeks. I mean, it's better this week. But, yeah, last couple of weeks it's like I just said, when is the other shoe gonna drop?
Patient: Mhm. And would you say these things, um, are making it hard to do daily activities, take care of things at home, get along with other people, get your work done, would you say somewhat difficult, very difficult or extremely difficult?
Nurse: I would just say somewhat, I mean, I'm kind of used to it by now so I can still manage to get stuff done.
Patient: Ok. So I am just gonna type this note up and then we can chat a little bit more. Come on computer work with me now. Things are great when they want to work. Right.
Nurse: Oh, yeah.
Patient: Ok. And do you need any medication refills or anything at this time?
Nurse: I don't think I need anything at this time.
Patient: Ok. And can you spell doctor [PHI-Personal] sing for me?
Nurse: Oh, boy. I think it's si Ngh.
Patient: That's what I was thinking and Doctor [PHI-Personal], is your psychiatrist or
Nurse: Psychiatrist?
Patient: Psychiatrist? Ok. All right. And today, do you have any concerns for any acute mental health problems, whether it's anxiety or depression?
Nurse: No, just my anxiety today, I've been good. So that's good to
Patient: Hear. And when was the last time you had an appointment with Doctor [PHI-Personal]?
Nurse: I see him every month. So it was last month. The, I don't know, [PHI-Personal], somewhere around there, March [PHI-Personal]. Ok. And I think the next appointment is the [PHI-Personal] of this month
Patient: And you said the next is the [PHI-Personal] of this month,
Nurse: I think it's the [PHI-Personal]. Yeah.
Patient: Ok. All right. So, um, I know we talked about the little things kind of snowball into bigger things. What would you say? Some of those little things are because I know you said finances. I wouldn't count that as a little thing. I count that more of a, a larger thing. But what are some of those little things?
Nurse: You know? You know, my mom's helped, my sister hasn't been doing well. I have that colonoscopy coming up next month and it's just, it, it's, it's more like a saying, well, you know, we just had everything happen with the or we just had everything happen with the plumbing. It's kind of like, you know, when's the next thing gonna happen? Things like worrying about my, the one cat we have because he's not doing good. So that, that's weighing on my mind a little bit and it's just, it's just trying to, it's, it's like no motivation. It's just trying to keep going because there's stuff I wanna do and, uh, when I have good days, you know, I try to do as much as I can because I may hit a streak, uh, 23 bad days where I don't get as much done as I would like. And then I get up, I get frustrated with that because it's like I, I was planning to do this, I was planning to do this. I, I can't bring myself to do it. I don't have the motivation to do it. And then that kind of weighs on me and then when I do have a good day, it's like, oh, I, I'm trying to get down as much as possible today because tomorrow I may not be, it may not be a good day. So, I mean, I would feel better like if I knew that I can say, well, the next four or five days, you know, I, I can get all this stuff done and stuff like that. But see, I can't do that. I can't even make plans to go places because I don't know how I'm gonna feel. It's like I can't say, oh, yeah, we'll go out to eat Thursday. Well, I may say that when I'm feeling good and then Thursday rolls around and it's like, uh, I just don't feel like going, I don't wanna be bothered because I don't like one of the things I have a problem with, I don't like the feeling that I have to be somewhere. I don't like appoint, I don't like appointments. I mean, me and s are doing phone appointments. One of the reasons is because II I would get so anxious, getting ready to see him in person between trying to shower and making sure, you know, to get there and you have to leave at a certain time. And even my appointments at family practice is I know an appointments coming up. It's like, oh man, I have that appointment. I can't rest. I have that appointment and it's just, I don't like, I like when I wake up and I have, I don't have to worry about going anywhere. I don't have to be somewhere. I can just, you know, take the day as it comes as opposed to. Well, you have to be here for nine, you have to be there for two. See, that stuff really gets me worked up. Even when I have to go to Walmart to pick up my prescriptions, I end up on it off for a couple of days. I'm thinking, well, I still have a couple left. I don't need to go today because I just don't, I just don't like being bothered with going places. I like, I kind of like to do my own thing and take the day as it comes and if I feel like going ok, I'll go, I don't like the situation where I'm on some kind of a time limit or I have some kind of a where I have to be somewhere at a certain time. So that's one of the things that gets, that bothers me. So, ok. No, like I said, I, I'm thinking of talking to doctor saying about maybe considering Xanax again, you know, that was five years ago and I can check it, maybe my insurance to see if they cover it and stuff. But then when I was on Xanax, I really have, I mean, I was taking, when I was on them, I was taking three full Xanax a day. I mean, sure I slept great and everything else, but I really lacked for motivation to do stuff. I was relaxed and my nerves were calm, but I couldn't bring myself to do much. So I don't know if I'm gonna consider that again. I mean, he's, he has gabapentin. I take that three times a day and it helps, but it's just not as good a Xanax. So and then I'm trying to figure out I, I'm also on Ritalin and I'm not, I, I only take one about every other day, a full one because if, if I would take one every day after three days or so, it would start affecting my sleep and stuff. But I bring that up because when I do take a Ritalin, it gives me energy and I'm able to get stuff done that day. Like I took a in today. So I, I'm getting stuff done today and I won't take another one now until Wednesday. So that means tomorrow. I don't know how I'm gonna feel tomorrow. And then if I say, well, I'll take one tomorrow and then I might, it, it starts messing up my sleep. So I have to kinda adjust that. And that's one thing I've been doing with seeing because at one point he had me on three a day and that was just too much. So, but yeah, it's just, you know, little things bother me. And, uh, you know, my late aunt used to say, you know, bad stuff always seems to happen on the weekends and the holidays and it's like, yeah, the went two consecutive Saturdays, the plumbing went on a Friday and every time there's a holiday you have to be like, oh, no. So it's just so much has happened over the years that I'm kind of shell shocked in a lot of situations where it's like as soon as things start going bad, it's like, 00, here we go. It's really gonna go downhill now. So, but yeah, that's something I'm working on and we'll see how that goes.
Patient: Ok. Well, I do definitely want you to, um, you know, continue those, this is what doctors saying. It definitely sounds like y'all are definitely working through it, which is awesome. And in regards to your symptoms of anxiety and, you know, um, the upcoming test, we can definitely talk about that some more if you'd like, like your upcoming colonoscopy.
Nurse: No, I think I talked about it enough already. I wanna get myself worked up. I'm thinking, oh, that's coming up [PHI-Personal] 16th, I'm thinking. Oh, no. And it's only [PHI-Personal] I'm thinking. Oh, no, that's coming. So, now,
Patient: Have you had any panic attacks in the past two weeks?
Nurse: Oh, not the past two weeks. No, I don't have panic attacks that often.
Patient: Ok. And when you do have a panic attack you are able to calm yourself down. Um, are you able to do that through breathing or through medication? Um, how do you usually do that?
Nurse: Oh, I mean, the medication helps. I mean, I really don't do the breathings that much. I mean, I was told that from a couple of people, you know, to try the breathing and stuff so I can try that. But I've been doing pretty good so far as far as panic attack, I'm not worried about that.
Patient: Ok. That is good to hear. So, I do also want you to know that, you know, if you do have one that's really bad, you know, we definitely wanna call, um, Doctor [PHI-Personal] office and if you know, if you have any thoughts of thoughts of harming yourself or others, you definitely wanna you know, um call 911, get to the nearest er urgent care center, things like that if you are having those thoughts also, you know, um you can always call Doctor [PHI-Personal] office and try to get in more than once a month just to see if insurance insurance may cover that. Um, you know, you just wanna check with his office to see if that is something that would be covered by insurance. If you do feel like you need more appointments than once a month, whether it's every two weeks or every week, I would just check with him. Ok. And I also want to encourage exercising as a way to help relieve and reduce your anxiety because I know you said you do not like leaving the house exercise is something that you can do at home with the things around you. So we definitely wanna encourage that because, you know, exercising does promote those feel good hormones and endorphins and all that good stuff. So that would definitely be something to try out in the meantime. Ok. All right. All right. And you said you're good on medications? You don't need any refills. Do you have any questions for me?
Nurse: No, I think that's good. We're good.
Patient: All right, mister. Well, if you need anything in the meantime, you know, you can always give us a call before we call you in the next three months. Ok. Ok. All right. You have a great day.
Nurse: You too. Thank
Patient: You. You're welcome. Bye bye.
