Nurse: Good. I'm glad to hear that. Um, I just wanted to touch base with you because I haven't been able to reach you. Um, and let you know that I'm your nurse case manager and I'm gonna send you out a letter and it's gonna have my name and phone number on it. So that if you need something, you know, if you need a medication refills, if you have a question about anything, um, you can call me directly. I'm kind of like your point of contact. Um, so I did wanna double check that none of your medications have changed since December because, um, simply because I see that, uh, that's the last time you were in the office and I know you have an upcoming appointment in [PHI-Personal], I believe. Um, so out of curiosity, do you still use the ketoconazole scalp treatment? That the shampoo?
Patient: Yes, I have been,
Nurse: You have been? Ok. All right. Um, allopurinol do you take every day? Yes. Yeah. Calcium carbonate. Vitamin D il [PHI-Personal] point tw 25 mg.
Patient: Yes. That's, uh, trying to think what pill. That, that little one. Yeah. Yes, I take two of those a day. Two a day. Ok. One at night and one in the morning and usually at one at supper time.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, because it says take with food, uh, gly, gly two mg.
Patient: That's my sugar pill. Yes, I take only a half a pill. Yep. Every day morning.
Nurse: Yes. Half a tablet by mouth daily. Um, isosorbide, mononitrate, 60 mg in the morning.
Patient: Is that my fluid pill
Nurse: Isosorbide is, let me double check it for you. Oh, they all have so many names even. I can't remember.
Patient: You know, I can't remember either.
Nurse: It is.
Patient: Let's see, looking for it
Nurse: Here. Um, no, it's a heart pill
Patient: Starts with what c you said?
Nurse: No, isosorbide. I, yeah. Your card of um, yeah. Ok. So Lisinopril 40 mg.
Patient: Yes. Yep.
Nurse: Nifedipine. Er, osmotic release 60 mg. Yes. Yes. Ok. Your omeprazole. Yeah, that's, that's for your heartburn.
Patient: Oh, yeah. The PriLOSEC.
Nurse: Yeah. And your torsemide. Yep. Ok. And then you have your diabetic supplies.
Patient: The only d my, like my uh, take my sugar every morning. Right?
Nurse: Yes. Yeah. You have
Patient: Those. Yes. And I have, and I've been, it's been staying down there. Good. It was. Oh, is it 103 today? Oh,
Nurse: Good boy, you are in good shape, [PHI-Personal] for your age.
Patient: I don't know. I hope so.
Nurse: You sound great.
Patient: I, yeah, but they're right now we have the flu bug around here and I hope I don't get that.
Nurse: Well, now, where is it at?
Patient: I have my grandson living here with me and he's here and so he had the flu this week and, uh, I'm, I, I was feeling scratchy, my throat was feeling scratchy, uh, yesterday. Um, maybe it was the day before and I thought I'm going to have some applesauce. So I got, had some in the freezer and I took it out. Um, and it helped my throat a lot.
Nurse: Oh, did it? Well, you know what it is too, especially if it was in the freezer. It was probably good and cold. Right.
Patient: Yeah, it was. Mhm.
Nurse: Probably good and cold. And that always helps your throat feel
Patient: Better. Vitamin C though. Isn't that right?
Nurse: Yes. Vitamin C. Um, you know, uh, even like a warm cup of tea with honey in it. Um, but you don't have any body aches or anything, do you?
Patient: No, I usually have pain in my shoulder because I have a bad shoulder and a bad knee. But I, with that I've been dealing with it. So, uh, I decided not to try to get the Cortisone every time I get the Cortisone. I, my does stuff with my BP and my sugar.
Nurse: Oh, yeah. Yeah, it does. It, because it's a, it's a steroid so it does definitely make your sugar elevate and it definitely, um, you know, does mess with your BP and stuff. I totally understand. Now, did you have your flu vaccine this past
Patient: Year? Yes, I did. I had it in [PHI-Personal]. Oh, good, good. I hope that will save me.
Nurse: Well, I think you'll be ok. Do you have your COVID vaccines? I
Patient: Had all three of them. Yes.
Nurse: Oh, wonderful. Wonderful. Now, how do you manage your medicine? Do you use a pill box?
Patient: Yes, I have my daughter in law does it every Sunday. She fills those, uh, pill things up with it with my pills. Oh, good. Because she does that. And, uh, and that's what I, uh, I know, I know what pills I have to have and when I have to have them, you know. Mhm. Sure. Sure. I know right away if she does this, if she puts the wrong in, around, in my, uh, pills, uh, whatever you call it. And, uh, and you, do
Nurse: You tell her about
Patient: It? Yes, I do. Well,
Nurse: Sure. Sure. Absolutely. You have to say something. Right.
Patient: That's right. And you got to have those pills every day. I do.
Nurse: Right. You know. Well, I mean, you sound like, you know, you're familiar with what you're doing and your medications and stuff. So, that's wonderful.
Patient: You know, I know what my meds are and when I have to take them and everything.
Nurse: Mhm. Now, um, if, you know, if you do start getting flu symptoms, you know, call and I can get you into the office. You know, so you can, well, you know, I mean, if you're feeling ok now you're feeling ok, you know, I mean, hopefully you're not gonna get anything. I would think that you might have symptoms by now, you know. Um,
Patient: And like, in Tuesday he come down with that, I think. Oh,
Nurse: Goodness. Well, you know, and how old is he?
Patient: He's in his twenties. He's [PHI-Personal]. He will be [PHI-Personal] the next birthday. Oh, yeah, he's young.
Nurse: He's young. Well, it's very nice that he lives with you though. Does he help you?
Patient: Yes, they can. They'll do anything I want if I need something. They, oh,
Nurse: God bless them. That's a good grandson.
Patient: And my son, [PHI-Personal] here all the time. He's checking on me all day. They got, oh, is he? He's got the symptoms for the flu too? And he's been around me a lot because he comes around checking on me and right, and he does it. And, uh, so anyway, he's been wearing his mask when he does, when to come down here. Oh, sure.
Nurse: Sure. Yeah, they have to, it keeps you safe, you know.
Patient: Yes. And I hope if I didn't get the flu by now, I hope I won't get it. I hope.
Nurse: Well, I hope that you don't get it too. Um, now I just want to double check something. Oops, I hit the wrong button. Let's see here. Uh, now I have Ed as your contact person. Yes. Now, do you want somebody else on there as well?
Patient: Well, [PHI-Personal] could be, uh, be on it because he's always here.
Nurse: Right. That's why I
Patient: Asked. It's not, not here much, but [PHI-Personal] always here.
Nurse: Ok. And what's [PHI-Personal] phone number?
Patient: It's [PHI-Account].
Nurse: Area code? [PHI-Account]. Ok. Yeah, we can we'll add son, your son [PHI-Personal] on because then this way, you know, like I get a little bit worried about my elderly clients, you know, my elderly patients, especially when I can't reach them after a while. So that's why I called Ed to see if you know, make sure number one that you're ok. Mhm. Um, number two, you know, always we wanna make sure you're ok. Always we wanna make sure that you don't need something or anything like that. So that's my job is to help the doctor's office and to help you. So, you know, and I help you by being like your direct point of contact. If you need something, you just call me and I'll get it done for you. And um, also I'll be calling you every month. Ok. All right. So when you get that letter in the mail, you save it and I will add [PHI-Personal] to your contacts and, you know, like I said, if you feel any flu symptoms or anything and you start running a fever, you just call and we'll get you taken care of. Ok.
Patient: Yeah, I haven't had no fever. I did have a bad cold back in [PHI-Personal] the [PHI-Personal] got a real sneezing and coughing and, and spitting up a lot of stuff and, oh, I went to the Guri Clinic and they, I did that for, like, till the [PHI-Personal], I guess I was sneezing and coughing and spitting that stuff up and I thought I just couldn't take it another day. So I went down clinic and they, they didn't, I thought I would, you know, I had a sinus infection. I still do think that. Yeah. And, and they didn't give me the antibiotic that day. I had to wait another whole week before to get the antibiotic. Oh, jeez. By the next week I thought, oh, my God. It, I was taking that or something. The Mucinex. Yes. And that is good stuff. Oh, yes, it is. Mhm. I was taking that when they prescribed it. Mhm. And I was spitting up a lot, a lot of yellow stuff and everything.
Nurse: Yeah. Well, you want to be careful with that kind of stuff too, you know, because you are elderly and, you know, your body takes a longer amount of time to heal from things, you know. So, especially because you're diabetic too, you know. So, your body does take longer to heal. Number one because of your age. Number two, because you have diabetes. So, I'm sure, you know, it's always best to be safe than sorry. Right.
Patient: Yeah. That's what I wanted with. Like I said, I wanted, uh, antibiotic when I went down there and they would not give it to me. They said it was, uh, vial
Nurse: [PHI-Personal],
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. Yeah. So that's what they, they said you, we don't give you antibiotic when you have that. So, oh, Lord. Yeah. So I didn't get no antibiotics for another whole week. I did, I couldn't take it again. So it didn't seem to be getting better. It just was like, I was sneezing and spitting up and everything.
Nurse: Huh? Right. Well, you know, whenever you have, like, sick stuff going on in your chest. Yeah. Um, you know, anything warm helps break it up. Kinda like hot tea. Mhm. You know, like some hot tea with honey in it if you like tea, um, you can always keep Mucinex on hand in your house. You know, because then that way if you start feeling junky you can start taking it. Um, you can keep like a, a nose spray like a saline.
Patient: I have a, because of my sinuses. I do have prescribed the Flonase for the, my nose.
Nurse: Ok. So you do have Flonase? Good,
Patient: Good. I have Flonase. Yeah.
Nurse: Right. I have that too because I have bad sinuses. Um, So, you know, this way, if you start feeling yucky, plus, you know, you're in the house, it's winter time. The heat is dry, right? Your sinuses get dried up and then when they start clearing up, then they start to drain into your throat. So, you know, and then that causes a problem.
Patient: We did have viru the virus in this house too. Oh, you did around Christmas time? And I thought, oh my God, if I get that yet, but I had my three shots. So anyway, I got through that. Ok.
Nurse: Oh, well, thank goodness. Did you end up getting it?
Patient: No, I didn't.
Nurse: Thank goodness.
Patient: Yeah, thank goodness. Now the flu is around here. So now I don't know. Every, every time I turn around something else is coming around here. Well, you tell, you,
Nurse: Tell them, hey, get out the Clorox wipes, tell them, tells them you better be wiping everything down here. You're bringing sickness in. Yeah,
Patient: They are. They're always ramming around somewhere. So what can, what can I say? Exactly.
Nurse: Exactly. And so you go ahead, I'm sorry,
Patient: Uh, around Christmas time, Mike in there and her friend was down to [PHI-Geographic] and, uh, somebody had the virus that day that time. Oh, and then she got, came home and she, she did have the virus. No, Mike, Mike. He didn't get that virus and he was, you know, around here all the time. Right? And now the flu, he's got the flu. He didn't get the virus but he has the flu now. Mm. These
Nurse: Kids, I'll tell you right all the time. It never stops, never stops. Well, as long as they're keeping you safe, you know, and being cautious around you, that's what's important and you're washing your hands all the time and, you know. Yeah. And if they come too close, just slap them one
Patient: Co from something,
Nurse: Just, you know, give them a fresh one. Get away from me. You're sick.
Patient: Yeah. No, they stay away from me when they have that kind of that. There's something wrong with them. They don't come around. That's a good thing. I'm glad of
Nurse: That. Well, sure. At least they respect enough that you're elderly. You know what I mean? Yeah. And that they don't want to get you sick. So, that's a wonderful thing. It's wonderful.
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. He just, every day he comes down here and asks me how I'm feeling. I think he thinks I'm going to get the flu. I hope not.
Nurse: No. Well, I mean, you sound very, you sound good. You know what I mean? Um, you don't have any body aches, you don't have any fever. Um, you're, you know, other than your shoulder hurting you, um, but, you know, do you use heat on that?
Patient: I've been used that, that nice kind of, uh, ointment or what do you call it, uh, ce or whatever the name?
Nurse: Oh, I know what you mean. But you know what else helps it? A heating pad? Oh, ok. A heating pad will help that because the heating pad relaxes the muscles. So it will definitely help that. I use a heating pad a lot. I'm addicted to it. I love it. If I could take it everywhere with me, I would.
Patient: Yeah, I have a new one and I never even opened it yet.
Nurse: Oh, well, there you go. Now you have a reason. Now you have a reason. [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Yeah. Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. So I'm gonna get out that letter to you and I'm gonna send you out some Wellness goals for 2022. Which is just your normal stuff. Everybody gets nervous when they hear wellness goals. But it's just your normal stuff that you go for every year. A nice little list for you. Your wellness, visit your labs, your diabetic eye exam, your diabetic foot exam, you know, and then this way you have a little list to go by for the year and, you know, you did everything you're supposed to and you're wonderful.
Patient: Yeah, I'm trying to do everything and I'm trying to exercise. Keep busy. So I get, so I can't walk around but I have to have my walker with me all the time. But still, I'm still exercising. I still move.
Nurse: Well, good. Now, do you exercise while you're sitting in your chair or anything?
Patient: Yeah. When the pokers come on I put em, make my feet go. There
Nurse: You go. You like the Pocas, huh?
Patient: Yeah, I do.
Nurse: Well, that's good. But even if you're sitting watching TV, you know, you can just bend your legs up and down, you know, keep your, keep your joints moving.
Patient: Yeah, that therapist that I had would come into the house different way. And she told me, you know, give me a, she tell me how to exercise my feet when I'm sitting and all that. Sure. So that's what I'm doing. I'm trying to keep up with that.
Nurse: Well, you are wonderful.
Patient: I'm trying to do my best. I I wanna keep moving and live a long time yet. I'm I know I'm not I know I'm getting up there in age but I still want to I don't feel like I am [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Oh well you don't sound like you're [PHI-Personal] either.
Patient: Well I'm glad of that because I don't want to be sounded like it.
Nurse: Oh my goodness. Oh you're funny. Um so like I said I'll send you the stuff in the mail you just hold on to it and then if you need me you call me. Ok.
Patient: All right that sounds good.
Nurse: Alright [PHI-Personal], it was wonderful talking to you.
Patient: Well nice talking to you [PHI-Personal] I guess you're right.
Nurse: Yes ma'am I
Patient: Am. Ok because I gotta remember your name.
Nurse: Yes it is [PHI-Personal]. Mhm.
Patient: Ok [PHI-Personal] I'll try to remember your name.
Nurse: Ok and you have a great weekend.
Patient: Yeah. Thank you for calling and checking on me. I appreciate
Nurse: It. You're very welcome. You bye bye
Patient: And a nice weekend.
Nurse: Thank you. You too hon. Bye bye bye bye.
