Nurse: So I'm just trying to make sure I'm understanding this all correctly because there's a few things that could be going on here. I just want to make sure I understand the order. So, you were constipated. How many days did you go without having a bowel movement?
Patient: Well, this is the first day. This is,
Nurse: This is the first day.
Patient: [PHI-Personal],
Nurse: Fourth. Ok. All right. That makes more sense because I'm sitting here, I'm like, first day constipated. That sounds like a lot. Ok. Ok. So, for this is the fourth day, you haven't had any solid bowel movements, correct? No, but you have had diarrhea.
Patient: Yeah. And, uh, it, uh, came there about four o'clock this morning.
Nurse: Ok. So what can actually happen with constipation? And this, I, I would not want you to take any Imodium at this point. Um, what happens with constipation is you get a very hard stool and you said you feel like you have stool in there that you can't get out? Yeah. Ok. Yeah. So, so you have that hard stool in there? That's not moving. Yeah, that's
Patient: True. You know, because last night I tried to, I was straining, trying to get it to move. But, uh, it usually, it will after my, on my third day is usually the limit. And, uh, so I, I got, uh, last night before I went to bed I tried to get to move and nothing happened and, uh, maybe I, I strained it.
Nurse: So what happens when you have constipation sometimes is with that hard stool that's not moving. You can actually end up with some diarrhea because that's the only stuff that's able to get out around that hard stool that's not moving. So then if people take something that constipates them, it kind of makes, makes the constipation worse. Now, do you have any pain in your stomach?
Patient: No.
Nurse: Ok. No. Have you tried any prune juice or anything like that? Do you have any prune
Patient: Juice? Well, I have Metamucil that I take that every day and I don't have any prune juice. I have prunes that'll work. I, I haven't eaten anything yet. I, I was just getting ready to eat a chicken sandwich.
Nurse: I would have some prunes that'll help loosen the loosen everything up. Um, I'll talk with Doctor [PHI-Personal]. Um, also, and see, normally what's recommended is it when you're taking iron to also take a stool softener? So that helps prevent this constipation. Um, you're on day four, you are having some diarrhea. I'll ask, um, you could pro it's hard. So you, because what you can do also, and I'll ask him, um, if you would recommend just doing the Colace and the prunes or if he'd want you to take a laxative, um, to help get everything out. Um, so let me shoot a message over to him. Do you have any laxatives in the home?
Patient: Yeah, I have Miralax and I have, uh, the, what is it? Dulcolax?
Nurse: Uh, perfect. Ok. So Miralax is, is, uh, is a lower end laxative. Dulcolax is kind of like the, is the high end. So, you got both. So, if you do, do you have any stool softeners? Like a Colace or Doce?
Patient: Yeah, I have the Dulcolax Dulcolax. That's supposed to be a stool softener. Yeah, I took that several times and uh I didn't get any reaction from it.
Nurse: So wait, you get a what? From it?
Patient: I get no movement at all with that Dulcolax. And now I haven't tried Miralax.
Nurse: OK. Um
Patient: I've tried now, uh I read the directions on the Dulcolax and it said uh [PHI-Account] pills. Yeah. And uh I was taking one at first and that didn't seem to react and uh I went, I started taking two, should I go three? Um It said uh [PHI-Account],
Nurse: I would try the meta, I would try the Miralax first to be honest, cause that's also gonna soften the stool. So one of the things you wanna do is a Colace is gonna make that stool softer and easier to get out cause you don't want to strain too hard cause that can actually cause some, some tearing or some hemorrhoids. So you wanna this, the prunes the Colace, making sure you're hydrated is all going to make sure that bowel movement is softer cause the Dulcolax and the, and the Miralax are just gonna increase the peristalsis. So increase the stomach cramping that helps push out the bowel movement, but it does nothing to make it softer. So you wanna make sure you're doing something to soften it up as well as get, get it out. Um, so I would say definitely do a, do the prunes to make sure you're hydrated. An over the counter stool softener is also gonna be helpful. And then um if you, if you haven't had any help from the Dulcolax, you could try the Miralax.
Patient: Ok. I'll, I'll just try the Miralax because I, unless I go to three with the Dulcolax, I haven't tried that yet and that I don't know how powerful it'd be or what, but uh I'll, I'll go with the Miralax.
Nurse: Yeah, and make sure do you have any stool softeners? I would definitely
Patient: Get some that. Yeah, the Dulcolax is a stool softener. Dulcolax. Miralax. It's a stool softener.
Nurse: Dulcolax is a laxative Dulcet sodium is a stool softener. Uh So you wanna look at that bottle, make sure you, you know which one's which
Patient: Now you, you right, you say Dulcolax is uh yeah,
Nurse: Dulcolax, but you want to make sure you read the bottle because Dulcolax is a stool softener. Doca set
Patient: Sodium is
Nurse: OK. That do set is a softener. The S is a softener. The lax. Dulcolax is a laxative that I hate that they're so close together.
Patient: Yeah. Well, I, I never tried Dulcolax before this, before. I tried it. Yeah. Well, I started about a week ago. I would take it in the morning and, uh, I also took it since I was taking a, a full glass with Mucinex or not Mucinex. Um, that mu Metamucil Metamucil, that's it. Yeah, I, uh, that they say that that is a mild laxative. So, uh, but I, I usually take that a full glass of water and I take the, uh, Dulcolax with it and, uh, but I didn't get any, anything from the, uh, Dulcolax.
Nurse: So, yeah, try, try your prunes and your Metamucil and make sure you're hydrated. Have an extra glass of water and I would have your son or your daughter or somebody pick up some stool softener for you.
Patient: Uh huh. Well, I don't have a son or daughter. I have a nephew. He'll, he could pick me up some, but I thought I, I, after I, I'm taking pepto bismol now, you know, to, to curb the, uh, the diarrhea effect.
Nurse: Yeah. So, and it might just be the diarrhea coming out around the constipation there if you, if you feel like you have to go and you feel like there's bowel movement there. It could just be the diarrhea leaking around. Now, that being said, if, if you, yeah, if you do this and you're still not having relief tomorrow, then we can always bring you in to see Doctor [PHI-Personal] Hailey and just make sure that your bowels have good bowel sounds cause it can actually become an emergency if you get too constipated. So we wanna make sure you're still having good bowel sounds especially with your age. Ok. So give me a call, I'm gonna call you tomorrow also. Um, and check in and see if you're ha if you've had a bowel movement yet.
Patient: Ok. Ok. So I can call you if I have
Nurse: One. Yeah, that's fine. Whoever calls who first? I'm just making a note to make sure to check on you.
Patient: Ok. All right. Well, I'll see how it goes and, uh, because I'm not getting, uh, you know, a really severe diarrhea from it. It's just a small amounts.
Nurse: Yeah, that would tell me that it's definitely constipation that you're dealing with. Uh huh. So definitely have some prunes, have a, have prunes are really good, especially if you warm them up, warm prunes, warm juice. Um, and the Miralax should help you get that out.
Patient: Ok. All right, I'll try that. Ohh. Yeah. Well, let's see here. That's, that's about all of it now. Uh, se,
Nurse: All right. So, and I will, and I'm also gonna send a message over to Doctor [PHI-Personal] so he knows what's going on right now and then that way, um, if we need to get you scheduled tomorrow, he's aware and also I'm gonna ask him, you know, I think we need to do. So, you're doing the Metamucil every day, correct? Because I'm gonna add that to your
Patient: List every morning. And I usually, normally I eat a, a bowl of cereal with a banana on it and sometimes I use the prunes on it instead of a banana. But, uh, usually just once a week for the pains. Ok. So, uh,
Nurse: And you might, you might be at a point where you need more than that. Um, so it's one of those.
Patient: Uh, yeah, I thought, uh, you know, now I do an English muffin split with, uh, preserves on it. And, uh, but I was wondering, do you think I'm, I should still be on that. That, uh, um,
Nurse: Uh, yes, you have iron deficiency anemia, which means your body ne your body doesn't have enough hemoglobin in it. Your, your ferritin and your iron levels are low. So you need to supplement your diet with that iron so that your body can make enough red blood cells to carry the oxygen and nutrients throughout your body. So you definitely need it otherwise you become anemic very easily. Unfortunately, one of the side effects is constipation, which is why I'm gonna talk to Doctor [PHI-Personal] about getting you on a stool softener. Generally, if you start having constipation, what you do is when you take an iron pill, you take a stool softener as well and they kind of counteract each other. Uh, so if that if you, if you're right dead center, you take an iron pill and it moves you one step towards constipation and you also take a stool softener. It's gonna make you take you one step back to normal. So, no, that's generally, once you start dealing with constipation with the iron, that's generally what happens. But I always like to run everything past Doctor [PHI-Personal] before, before we do anything. But um you can definitely do the p prunes, warm tea. Get up and walk around, actually, believe it or not, the more you walk, the more peristalsis and, and uh, it's gonna push that bowel movement through your intestines there. So get up, take a walk, have some hot tea, have some Miralax, have some prunes and that, that should get you going.
Patient: Ok? I, I'll do it, see what happens.
Nurse: All right. So yeah, definitely give me a call back if, if tomorrow, if you're doing good and I'll, I'll check on you too tomorrow if I don't hear from you. Ok. Uh,
Patient: Well, I usually, uh, sleep in until about 88 39 o'clock, but I'm, I'm here all day. So.
Nurse: Ok. Well, I don't get
Patient: In until I don't have to go out for anything. I'll uh call you first.
Nurse: Perfect. That sounds good. Yeah, I don't get in until eight. so don't, you don't have to worry about calling me before then if you wanna call me around nine, if you're doing good. That sounds good. That way it'll give you time to get up, go to the bathroom, have your breakfast. I don't want you rushing at all on my account.
Patient: Ok. Oh, thank you.
Nurse: You're welcome. So and I'm also gonna send you a list of some education and some dietary foods that'll help with your constipation. Ok.
Patient: That are good.
Nurse: Yeah, so I'm just going to send you some information in the mail too so that you have it at hand next time if you have an issue. Ok. Ok, that way you next time, that way hopefully you prevent it moving forward because no one wants to deal with constipation. That's no fun.
Patient: No makes you feel lousy. It does,
Nurse: It really does so I'll give you I'll send some stuff to the house as um so you can read over it so hopefully we can prevent it for the future. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Ok.
Nurse: Alright. Well you have you have a good day,
Patient: I'll try you too. Thank you. Thank you.
Nurse: Bye bye.
