Nurse: I, yeah, it popped way right when I pick up the phone and your name pops up. So, yeah, so I thought,
Patient: Ok, um, I just got through, uh, so they, the, they, they, uh, give me the, they said all of our, our doctor's offices said don't take no new patients until [PHI-Personal]. So it's [PHI-Personal] the 13th at 2 p.m. and I get a ee test first and then I see the doctor at, at 2 30 then I go to a [PHI-Geographic] [PHI-Geographic]. Uh, the, that go to sixth floor. She said, so they take my insurance. Oh,
Nurse: Good, good. Ok. I'm glad you were able to get scheduled. I know sometimes it can take a while with being a new patient but I'm glad you were,
Patient: They're taking, they said all, all the doctors are take, taking no, taking no new people until [PHI-Personal]. So, uh, that's why I was, uh, uh, give me [PHI-Personal] 13th because they have somebody that's already made, made appointments for a,
Nurse: Ok. Well, good. Well, I'm so glad you were
Patient: Able, I just give it to you because I, I guess you probably wanted it. I don't know.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Um I'm glad you let me know and I'm glad everything went through and they accept your insurance. That's perfect. Um, and then, um, so yes, you're scheduled for that and then, you know, if anything pops up if you have any other questions or concerns. Definitely let me know. Ok.
Patient: Yeah, my, my next question is, and then I'm gonna stop getting on your nerves. You're fine. Like I said, he, he, he's not giving me anything for my, um, um, for the, um, the, the ultrasound and, and, uh, it's easy. Well, I guess he thought I could see this doctor before then, but I can't, so then I don't know what to do because like I said, I, I, he, he said he can't give me anything because he, he didn't schedule that for me.
Nurse: Yeah, I know. That's, that's the only, it's tricky because typically the ordering physician should be the one who, you know, gives you something if, um, you know, they're going to do that. But, um, yeah, I mean, really the only thing let me just pull your chart up here real quick because I was just gonna pull up that vascular surgeon that we had, uh, talked about before. Um, so when did they, are you? Ok. So you're scheduled to get it [PHI-Personal]. It looks like the correct,
Patient: How's the ultrasound again? Yeah. Um, [PHI-Personal]. Is, is, is this CT Scan? Yeah. Gosh.
Nurse: Um,
Patient: Just the other, uh, after the, uh, is it neurology, is it?
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, for some reason that one's not popping up on my end here. Um, I just, yeah, I just see the, um, carotid Doppler. I mean, really, I mean, if the ent is not gonna do anything, um, it really comes down to what the, the vascular surgeon, what she should be doing, he or she, um, you know, it should be somehow making this work for you. Otherwise obviously you're not gonna do it. So, um, and I know that you've made that very clear to them. Um, those are really, yeah, because I know that I'm just looking at her note here and she says just to, you know, obviously follow up with Ent, which you already did. Um, yeah, I mean, my only other suggestion would be, you know, to let the, the vascular surgeon office know that, you know, he's not gonna give you anything and he has really no other recommendations until you see this, um, other ent. So I'm almost wondering if it can, if you can hold off on doing the carotid until after you see, um, the other ent doctor just because
Patient: I couldn't call and tell them I needed to cancel until I see another doctor. I, I mean, I just, uh, both of them, I mean, well, I don't know. The other one is [PHI-Personal] the other one is May [PHI-Personal]. Yeah, for the, um, for the, uh, for the, what do you call it? For the, the
Nurse: CT? Yeah. Um, yeah, I mean, I really, I just don't really know what else to do other than you having a consult with that other ent, prior to getting the carotid Doppler, um, you know, to see if there's anything that, you know, she can give you or recommend, uh, prior to getting those tests done. Um, you know, especially the carotid Doppler with you having to move your head like the way you do for it. So, um, you know, it's totally up to you. I mean, what you could do is just explain the situation to the vascular surgery office and just say, you know, you would prefer to wait until, um, you know, you have this consult if it's possible. I mean, I don't know if they need the results of the carotid Doppler, like, you know, that quickly. I, I don't know. Is there like a ti, is she wanting this done quickly for a reason?
Patient: I didn't even know the lady was going, that, that, that, but see, that's not the doctor that I, that I have because that doctor that I had, he, he, he, uh, was, uh, uh, get a surgery to somebody because I said if I had known he wasn't going to be there, I would have canceled and got, you know, they, when he's supposed to be there because he, I'm sure, you know, his appointment days and, and it wasn't an emergency appointment, the lady said. So, you know, so that was the, that he had.
Nurse: Right. Right. Um, yeah, I would almost just see with the office if it's ok for you to just hold off until, you know, [PHI-Personal]. Um, because, I mean, if you can't do the test, you can't do it. I mean, there's no reason to go in there and only do half of the test
Patient: Again. They have time and, and, and, and um making me very dizzy like that.
Nurse: Right. I just, I guess I'm just confused as to why they can't try to, you know, help you come up with an alternative plan, you know, they want the test that bad. Then I'm really not sure why they're not helping you come up with an alternative plan. So,
Patient: Um I was surprised when, when, when, when, when um, when I was coming down out of the hall, I didn't know the woman was, gave me another appointment to get that. And um the, the woman in the hall said, oh no, you have to come over you, you have some appointments and I said I have some appointments, you know, so she said, yeah, but uh she wants you to have that um, you know, ultrasound. And I said, well, I, I already had it. I thought that, I didn't know she wanted me to have it again. Cos she said if it was her grandmother, she wouldn't, wouldn't bother with it if I was, she, if she said, uh, if it's my grandmother, I wouldn't bother with it. That's exactly what they told me. I said, well, I'm not your grandmother.
Nurse: Oh, that's right. I do remember you telling me about this. Um, yeah, I mean, like I said, there's, there's really nothing other than the vascular surgeon coming up with an alternative solution. Um, I mean, there's really nothing that you can do until you see this next ent. Um, so if it were me, I would probably just call the vascular surgery office and just explain the situation to them and, you know, see if it's ok for you to just hold off until [PHI-Personal]. I mean, at that point, like, what's another month, you know what I mean? And especially, you know, if at least on that one side, it looked like everything on the carotid Doppler that they got was normal and everything was in normal range. So, um, you know, if there was anything alarming on the first scan, then I probably would be like, well, I don't know, like, let's try to make this work somehow prior to you. Um, you know, seeing the, the ent, but I feel like it should be fine to wait, but obviously, um, you know, definitely run that by, um, the vascular surgery office. To see if it's ok to just hold off until, um, you know, you have the ent
Patient: Visit. I just had just thought that, oh, here it is. I'm gonna call them and, and, and cancel until cos I have to see an, the ent doctor and I wanna know if they can give me something because I, I can't, I can't do that but I cannot do that here. Yeah. Exactly.
Nurse: Yeah. If you,
Patient: If, you know, Doctor [PHI-Personal] made a mistake today because what he took, like what he, he had to do, clean, uh, clean my ear out and he turned my chair fast and I almost got really to, and he caught it and said, oh, wow, because he know how it is because he went, then he said, let me do real slow on you.
Nurse: Oh, my gosh. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. So, I, I would just definitely, um, you know, run that by vascular surgery and then, um, I, I really think it should be fine for you to hold off until you have this consult. Yeah, I really think it should be so, but, you know, obviously good to just [PHI-Personal]
Patient: Check. Yeah, we just wait because, oh, wait a minute, it says here if, if, for any reason you're unable to keep the appointment, please contact the office. Oh, reschedule. Oh, I could, I could reschedule.
Nurse: Oh, yeah, exactly. You can just go ahead and reschedule it for right after you have that. Consult.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah well that's what I'll do now and then have the phone number here too for me to call for to reschedule you to that to just when I pulled this up. Ok, then I'll call them now.
Nurse: Ok. Well good. Yeah sounds good. Well let me know if you need any help with anything. Ok. Alright. Alright bye bye.
