Nurse: No problem. Ok, what's going on? How are you?
Patient: Oh, I'm so blessed. Um I was calling because I'm doing a follow up. Um Pharmacy said that they sent the request to Doctor [PHI-Personal] because my [PHI-Personal] is, they're saying it's like $400 and they said they sent to request to get, um hopefully get like a tire change so they could change the tier rather to drop the price down on the [PHI-Personal]. Um So I'm out of the [PHI-Personal] but when I, when I called, well, I still have like one more to go and they said like within seven days or something. So it ha it's been longer than that. So I called back today. They said that they contacted uh Doctor [PHI-Personal] on [PHI-Personal] and [PHI-Personal]. They said they haven't heard anything back. So,
Nurse: Yeah, I see today they sent prior auth for medication. Let me see what this says. Uh let's see [PHI-Personal] prior auth request form. There is something in here in order to be eligible for a tier exception provider must explain why lower cost would not be as effective. All right. Yeah, it does look like they filled out this form. Mhm. Yeah, it was signed by Doctor [PHI-Personal] today. So they, they got something sent out to them today. I can see.
Patient: Ok. So maybe because I just hung up from them, maybe the timing is crossing over or something. Um
Nurse: Yeah, perhaps. Yeah. Ok.
Patient: So what I'll do is I can call them back tomorrow. Now. Um, the guy from, told me to check to see if, if, uh, Doctor [PHI-Personal] or anyone has any samples for this [PHI-Personal] since I'm out of it.
Nurse: Ok. I'll have to check with the office. I'm not sure because I'm not in. Right. Yeah. Right. So you'll need samples, I'll check and how you doing. Otherwise
Patient: I'm doing good, doing, um, doing good. I've been, um, uh, uh, when I went to the nutritionist, uh, she gave me like a chart to write stuff down. So I missed a couple of days like I started it like the first day I wrote stuff down and a couple of days I thought about it and then I didn't get a chance cause there was a lot of busy things going on. But today I did write down like my breakfast and lunch so far I'm gonna remember. Try to remember to do my dinner. So I'm gonna try to get back on
Nurse: That. Oh, yeah, definitely. It's like keeping a food diary, like write things down as soon as you eat or drink them include things that you're drinking, put down like the portion size and you know, everything you could think of like, right. Right. When you do it, like just keep it near you like any time you, you're sitting down to eat and that'll definitely help keep you on track because if you let it go, it's gonna become like, oh my God, this is work. This is overwhelming. But if you're doing it, like, right then and there it, it'll just keep you on track, you know, and just keep it short, you know, just jot down what you ate, you know, and be honest with what you're eating. Um, it's great that you're seeing the, the dietician. That's awesome. And, um, how often are you seeing her once a month or
Patient: Sh uh, she, um, she scheduled me to come back, excuse me in two months?
Nurse: Two months? Ok. That's good.
Patient: Mhm. That's good.
Nurse: But after you're, you're keeping that, you know, a little diary of your food there that log, you know, just look after complete a week's worth of it, you know, just look and see what you recorded, see if you see any trends, patterns, habits, you know, highlight things that you have a question about, you know, notice if you're eating vegetables and fruit every day or eating whole grains every day. And if so how many servings, you know? Mhm. How many food or beverages are you consuming? With added sugar? And if you are, how frequently? No, maybe not take, like, how you're feeling around when you're eating. Like, are you happy, sad,
Patient: Stressed. Yeah, because that was one of the things you said, like your emotion. I did, I did see that. But it, it was funny because to, for lunch I, I made a shrimp, um, shrimp was, it was supposed to be a quesadilla but I didn't have, um, so I guess it was like a shrimp wrap but it was on wheat. It was a wheat. Um, what are they called? Tortilla? Tortilla? I think I'm toast the wrap. Yeah. Um, where is it tortilla? I think it's ok. Ok. So I had, I had one wheat tortilla and I had, I had, and so I wrote on the paper I, I wrote down everything I had on the wrap. So I had, um, shrimp. Like it was six shrimp. I had lettuce, onions, green peppers, uh, a, a dollop of sour cream and it's like spread it. Um, it's like peppers and stuff on there. And so, so I put down what I had on there. Mhm. Um, in my wrap. So I, I was proud of that because I was like, yeah, it's a wrap but it, you know, it does have shrimp it has some vegetables and it was a wheat wrap.
Nurse: So. Oh yeah. No, that's really good.
Patient: OK. And, and so, and I, and I, like I said the other night um for I had a boiled egg. This was a late night snack. So I chose a boiled egg cause I remember you said that was like, you know, good. And then the one night I had an apple and I put some peanut butter on it. Um but I didn't, I didn't write that down. So that's what I have to start doing when I'm about to eat. I'm gonna write it down and, and we concentrate on doing it that way.
Nurse: Definitely. It'll definitely keep it easier for you because once, once you let it go, it's just like, oh my gosh, this is like really overwhelming. Yeah. Um when was the last day you had your [PHI-Personal]?
Patient: Um I've been off of it. Uh like I'm, I'm gonna say, oh wait, let me see. I got, I think I got here. Hold on a second. Ok. I kept the last spot because it, so let's see, maybe [PHI-Personal]. That would be [PHI-Personal]
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Yeah. All right. Yeah, I'll check with doc to see if they have any samples for you. But I, I definitely see that there was something sent the prior auth and it's [PHI-Personal] and the doctor signed it and you know, has a, a reason, you know, in their for tier exception.
Patient: Right? Ok. Ok. Because I have a, um, physical therapy appointment tomorrow at the doctor's, I mean, at, it's in the same building. So, I mean, it, I, I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. So, I don't know if you'll be, if you, if the doctor will be getting back with you today or whatever, but I'm gonna be in the building. Yeah. Um, for, from 8 20 to like, 9 20 because I'm usually there for an hour. So if, if they had a sample or something I pick up some more.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, I'll send a message and see, you know, what's, what, and if you know, she'll probably get back to me at least by tomorrow morning. What time do you go?
Patient: Um, I have to be at 8 20. Um, and I'm, I'm gonna be there for an hour but if they had samples, my brother in law, if they would allow him to pick it up, he has to be there at, um, I think [PHI-Account].
Nurse: Ok. But if you're there, like between eight and nine you said, yes, I could call you on your cell phone, right? The [PHI-Account].
Patient: And, and I'm, I, you could call me and it just depends on what part, like closer to 9 20 I would be done because they, they have a sign that says if you, you can't, they, they prefer you not to take any calls in, in the, um, facility. Ok. So you could call me, I could probably quickly answer and see what you're gonna say. And,
Nurse: And even if we didn't connect [PHI-Personal], I wouldn't feel like, worried about going over and asking them either. You know, they'll see that. I sent her a message, like, it'll be in the chart. Ok. You know, so it won't be totally, like, foreign to them, you know.
Patient: Mhm. Ok. Ok well if you get a chance to call me you can leave me a message if I don't answer but if I don't hear from you then I'll check with them before I
Nurse: Leave. Yeah I think that sounds good. Alright perfect. Alright [PHI-Personal] well it was good talking to you.
Patient: Good talking to you too. You have a blessed day. You
Nurse: Too
Patient: Bye bye bye.
