Nurse: It? Uh probably not.
Patient: Uh, but she said something about once a month, once a, I mean that it would be billed as an office visit. And I'm thinking right now my health isn't that bad that I don't feel, you know, I feel like I can take care of my, you know, unless it's something that, that family practice itself thinks it, you know, they don't want to be contacted.
Nurse: Right. Well, see basically what, what it does is it just helps um family practice be more one on one with the patient. Um, and it just gives a better access to be able to get to them quicker. Uh, you know, sometimes doctor's offices can get really, really busy and with us we have the back door into them. Ok. So we can uh message or talk to the doctor directly. Ok, if there's any kind of problems or anything like that and sometimes, you know, office visits are in there and it's hard for the doctors to really explain, you know, what the whole thing that they want to do or try and get your health to. So, you know, they give us guidelines and stuff that they want us to speak to you about, um, whether it be conditions that you have different things and we just kind of go into, into more detail because our time is not limited. Like,
Patient: All right. Well, actually I was at physical therapy when you called. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, that's ok. That's ok. I'm back now. But ok, so what is the, I don't want to, I don't do not want to do it like every month. I mean, I just don't feel I need it, you
Nurse: Know. Right. And you don't, we can, we, we can make you every three months. Um, we can even make you every six months.
Patient: And, well, I'd rather just start with even every six months. I can always change it. Can't I, and I just, I, and I just did see [PHI-Personal] about my hip so and my, my back and hips. So I really don't, you know.
Nurse: Yeah, I had seen
Patient: In there that you and I have an appointment coming up, I believe [PHI-Personal] or [PHI-Personal] to see her again. So, you know, right now, other than my back. It's, you know, I'm really, I'm really able to take care of myself and, and I have a, I have the online thing on, on the website so I, I can contact her that way.
Nurse: Absolutely. Absolutely. Ok. So, my question though is there's, um, one other thing that she did put on here, it looks like maybe, and we can call you for that. That's not a problem. We can do it every six months. It's just to touch base on your anxiety. Oh,
Patient: Well, that's, that's been better. It's, it, my husband died a year ago. Ok. And, uh, it's just, you know, getting through all that the first holidays and all the events, you know, through the, you know, it's, uh, your first, uh, experiences with your anniversary and, you know, and loss of, of someone like that. So, it's, it's getting better and I think once this COVID settles down and the weather gets better, I, I am going to try to get out and get, and do some volunteer work. But right now it's just, I'm glad to be inside. Oh,
Nurse: I know it. This weather is crazy. Well, and I
Patient: Never thought of, I don't know where this came from today. I wasn't expecting it. But, uh, yeah, we're between that and COVID and I know even a lot of the volunteer places even aren't accepting volunteers right now because of the COVID. And so, you know, I'm just, I'm sort of just trying to, and it gets, you know, long days, but I'm trying to just be patient and once I, once things settle, you know, with the weather and the, and the va, the virus, if it ever does, then I will get out more. And I think that's a lot of it too.
Nurse: Mhm. Absolutely. Springtime gets here, you know. Yeah. Maybe you can have some gardening or something. Well,
Patient: With my back, I can't do gardening but, and at least go for a walk and stuff like that and I'll get myself involved in some volunteer things and, oh, that sounds wonderful. Know that, uh, she, about a year ago, uh, I just, uh, about a year ago I was supposed to get a Dexa scan there at the office and, and then they canceled it because something happened to the machine and then never heard any more.
Nurse: Yeah, because it looks like you had your colonoscopy back
Patient: In that I had done. But this is, they, they must have been doing Dexa scans right there in the office. They were, happened to their machine or something. But then nothing ever was mentioned after that. And I'm not saying I need, I, I don't, my age, I guess it really doesn't matter anymore. So,
Nurse: Well, actually it does because this is really the most important up to the, usually up to the age of 80. 0. Um, it just really helps them check. There's two different things, especially with the back pain you have, you know, there's osteopenia and there's osteoarthritis. Um, and then, you know, there's rheumatoid so the Dexa scan really shows them. Oh, I
Patient: Can talk to her when I go in and does that that too, you know? Ok, she has to say. But, ok, well, listen, I won't keep you. I just wanted to be sure because, like I said, I just don't really feel like I need.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. And you're really not on anything really quick. Just medicine wise. Um, I see. You're on the Xanax, of course. Um, that's the Zam. Uh-huh. And then you take Atorva for your cholesterol. Uh, then the other ones are just pretty much over the counter. I have Colace folic acid. I have to get, yeah, folic acid. Vitamin D and
Patient: The vitamin D is a prescription because it's 50,000 units. Oh, yes,
Nurse: It is. Oh, my goodness.
Patient: I just see. So that one, I just take one of those every two weeks.
Nurse: Ok. And, uh, you just take, uh, your dulcolax when you need them. Nope, I
Patient: Have to take them every day. That's the G I doctor. I see. Wants me taking that every day. Perfect. Oh, I don't think it is but
Nurse: I know it, but it keeps you soft. Right.
Patient: It sure does. But, uh, it's better to go than not to go. So, you know, but
Nurse: [PHI-Personal].
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. I'm, uh, I'm hanging in there.
Nurse: Ok. Cramps are ok. You don't get cramps or crampy feeling belly. Ok.
Patient: Awesome. And now I'm taking Motrin more because of the back he the physical therapist wants me taking that, you
Nurse: Know. Ok,
Patient: So ok, other than that I'm hanging in there but I right now mentally I'm ok to take care of myself and everything. I'm pretty
Nurse: Right. Right. Alrighty. Well I'm gonna make sure that we push you out to six months and in between that you're gonna get a letter from me, it'll have my name, my phone number and stuff on there. It'll have Wellness goals at the bottom of it. That is just something [PHI-Personal] says we have to do every year. Um but you you'll have your your [PHI-Personal] Wellness check and probably going to have that in May with
Patient: [PHI-Personal] actually [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Yeah, so uh all that stuff will be done. You'll have my phone number if you need me or you have a question for anything. I'm only a phone call away. Ok. Thank
Patient: You. Yes, I have to to uh I have to learn up on that before I go to that appointment because they always ask you the the year, well, the year I know but I'll tell you when you're retired you wait and find half the time. I don't know what the date is. Oh
Nurse: My goodness. I can't wait for the day
Patient: Of the week. I can't wait especially if there's a holiday that week, then they get all mixed
Nurse: Up. Oh yeah these holidays have been crazy.
Patient: Oh my goodness the actual date I mean you just uh but uh ok fine that'll be fine.
Nurse: Alright you bet. All right bye bye.
