Nurse: Yes. Shall I put [PHI-Personal] on,
Patient: Um, if she has questions? Absolutely.
Nurse: Ok. Here she is. So any questions? Hello?
Patient: Hi there. Hi.
Nurse: I was wondering if you could tell me about this test I'm getting today.
Patient: Ok. So it's called a test. That's an abbreviation. And, um, basically what they do is they give you a little injection. So that's a, you know, a couple minutes. They find your vein and give you the injection and then you just kind of sit there, you just sit and you sit still and they image you. So it's painless. Um, you don't really feel anything and you just wait for the, for them to take the pictures, but it takes a while. It's a couple of hours.
Nurse: Yeah. And they said I couldn't have anything to eat. So I didn't,
Patient: Yeah, the reason that you couldn't eat was because it'll interfere with, um, you know, if you eat your gallbladder works. Right. So, what they want, they don't want your gallbladder working and then you just sit there and you, um, sometimes they have, you sit upright, sometimes they have, you lay down whatever you're comfortable with and you just, you just lay there while they take the pictures. You're not in any sort of, um, you know, your head is, everything is out. You're not in a tube or anything. And then after about an hour, maybe they'll give you something to like a little drug to make the gallbladder think that you'd eaten to watch how it's working.
Nurse: Oh, ok.
Patient: Ok. Does that make sense? Kind of does it answer hopefully your questions?
Nurse: Yeah. Ok. Water, I didn't take any medicine or anything.
Patient: That's ok. You're ok. Then they'll be able to do the test. It's just a couple hours. The technicians are usually very friendly. They'll sit with you the whole time. They'll tell you what's go, what's happening and what they're doing. Um, so please don't feel like you can't ask them questions because you absolutely can. Ok. Thanks. Of course. Of course. Do you have any other questions?
Nurse: No, that was helpful.
Patient: That was helpful. Ok, good. I'm glad. And I'm glad you
Nurse: Can be my nurse too. Oh,
Patient: Thank you. I know. I'm glad too. Well, if you have any questions when you're there or even afterwards you can call me. Ok, bye. All right. We'll talk soon. [PHI-Personal]. Yes. My mom j ok. Bye bye. Hi. Hi. Do you think that helps answer her questions.
Nurse: Yes. It always helps if she hears from a professional. Yeah, it's just mom and dad what we know. Yeah,
Patient: They're really friendly. The text. Usually they'll tell you everything that you're doing. I mean, it really is just a matter of sitting with the camera taking pictures.
Nurse: Uh huh.
Patient: You know, the biggest thing is just how long it takes.
Nurse: Right. Right. Yeah. Yes, we just didn't need all that additional trauma from yesterday, but of course I understand. Yes. So, yeah, I think she'll be fine. Ok. Good.
Patient: I'm glad.
Nurse: Yeah. No, of
Patient: Course. Of course. Let me know if you have any questions. Did you talk to them about one of them staying with you? Were they pretty cool about it?
Nurse: No, they're not.
Patient: They weren't, they weren't ok about it. But
Nurse: It was just, you know, the person that made the appointment so we'll see when we get there. Oh,
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I said it's really, like, depends right on the department.
Nurse: Right. And it's ok. I think she'll be fine.
Patient: Yeah. I mean, usually the techs are really good at talking to you and telling you what's happening. Especially because it's so
Nurse: Long. Right. I know. The
Patient: Biggest, the hardest thing is just, um, you know, sitting. Right.
Nurse: Exactly. Right. You
Patient: Know, and, and the fact that you couldn't eat but she couldn't eat because then, like, if her gallbladder was already processing right. Food, it would mess with the test, right? You know, because they wanna see like they're trying to mimic what it looks like, like when she's actually eating. So they'll want like they'll, I image her, then they'll give her something that'll like almost imitate you eating and it'll make it like contract and release like the bile and then they'll film that.
Nurse: Oh, ok. Ok. Yeah, good.
Patient: All right. I'll keep my fingers crossed for you guys. Thank
Nurse: You. Ok. Thanks so much for, for calling back. Ok, have a great day. No problem. You too. Bye bye bye.
