Nurse: You kidding me? I even sent a message over for that to be ready for
Patient: You. No, she has to print it out and it was still had a couple of those, uh, things on there that wasn't needed, but that's ok. Uh, my, uh, colonoscopy is completed. Ok. And so I had that on Wednesday.
Nurse: Ok. Did you get the results of that back yet?
Patient: Yeah. No, I'll bring, I'll bring it in and show it to, uh, doctor. Ok, perfect. I have a follow up appointment there. I think it's, what is it now? What? Yeah, I think it's nine o'clock or [PHI-Personal] 30 something like that.
Nurse: [PHI-Personal] a.m.
Patient: Yeah, it, it's, it's too early for me but I'll be there. Ok. Ok. That's all I, oh, also, well, I'll, I'll let him know when I get it. I have, uh, my, uh, second, uh, Shingrix, uh, shot on Monday. Oh, the.
Nurse: Ok, Monday.
Patient: Yeah, and then what I'll do is, uh, I'll, they gonna have a drive through, uh, a flu shot on the first on Saturday, so I'm gonna do that and then I'll call that in. Ok, perfect. Uh, that's over at the uh VA and then I have, let's see, I'm getting too many shots here. I stop by a bar or something. Get, uh, there's uh, I have my booster on the uh fifth of October
Nurse: Booster on the fifth and that's just a too
Patient: Yeah that's the a and all the rest I get at the bar.
Nurse: Ok, I agree with that. Yeah.
Patient: Ok that's all I have for you today. Uh All right. Well
Nurse: I apologize that list wasn't ready. I sent a message over and I updated it on my end so I don't know why it wasn't
Patient: Wasn't. Yeah. Well when she printed out, yeah but when she printed out it still had that that cream I wasn't using and then and it had something about the shot on there that that's not needed. Not that I know of.
Nurse: No that's not needed that just shows that you had it so that shouldn't be on the active one. So I apologize I don't know where the confusion happened.
Patient: Ok. Alright you you have a good day. You
Nurse: Too [PHI-Personal]. Have a good weekend. Thank you. You
Patient: Too bye.
