Nurse: Oh, you did? When did, when did you go?
Patient: Uh, it was the 20 f, uh, I, I think it was the [PHI-Personal], uh,
Nurse: Oh, yeah. You know what? I think I see it in here. Ok. And they
Patient: Said they said I have, uh, an aneurysm. It's three m millimeters long. Mhm. And they said, uh, I, I don't need anything to get operated on. It's too small and they said come back in a year, they're gonna make an appointment for me, uh, in a year. Oh,
Nurse: Ok. Um, I
Patient: Didn't get the appointment yet.
Nurse: Ok. So, they want you to come back in a year.
Patient: Yeah, that's what they said. Yeah, for follow up.
Nurse: Ok. You don't have, like, any headaches or dizziness or numbness, tingling, weakness, anything like that. Uh huh. Have you noticed, like, having a, any headaches or dizziness?
Patient: II, I, yeah, I, I had a headache yesterday and. Mhm. And then the, the other day I had a headache. Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. Did it go away on its own or did you take any Tylenol or anything like that?
Patient: Uh, I'm, uh, I'm taking baby aspirin. That's, they said I take Tylenol because, oh, ok, it's no good for my kidneys.
Nurse: Ok. So the baby baby aspirin you're taking, right? Ok. Have you had like any dizziness with your headaches?
Patient: Uh, I don't think so.
Nurse: Ok. Have you noticed like any numbness or tingling, like in your fingers or toes or anything like
Patient: That? No.
Nurse: Ok. And then you haven't noticed like any weakness, like when you try to get up and walk or feel kind of off balance or anything like that?
Patient: Well, I use my cane for the balance if I stand up without the cane. II, I get dizzy. Ok. I have to get my balance. They're the, the people from singer have me seeing the, the physical therapist. Ok. And they come every, uh, two days out of the week.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: So that's, that's for my shoulder. This is my shoulder and I, I'm trying to, I do have balance. Uh, I could, I could walk in my apartment, you know, uh, without the cane, you know, but if I go outside I need the cane. Ok. Because I, I don't have my balance. Walk wrong places far. Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. You haven't had any falls since the last fall, have you?
Patient: No. Ok. No, I didn't fall. No.
Nurse: Ok. All right. Good. Ok. So what else? The appointment? Um, he said your lungs were clear and you were taking that the Mucinex, uh, twice a day for five days for your cough? Ok.
Patient: That way
Nurse: It went away. Ok. Good, good. All right. Um, and are you up to date on all your medication? Yeah. Yeah. Ok. You need any refills on anything?
Patient: Well, tell you, you could tell them to fill them all.
Nurse: Ok, I'll, I'll take a look at it and see which ones don't have any refills left. So, what have you started? You started back taking that Lasix that they were telling you to start back taking
Patient: For my muscle spasms and tight, tightness. Um, the Lasix that I take
Nurse: That I take that the Lasix is like the water pill. You taking the water pill?
Patient: Uh, I, I think so. Yeah, I think so. Is that the one you break in half? Yeah. Yeah, I do that with my hand, my fingers because it's ok if I use the pill cutter, a splinter and it, it, it makes it all messed up.
Nurse: Yeah. It kind of crushes it up. Ok. Yeah, it crushes it up. Ok. All right. And we'll see. All right, you have it and you're taking all your medication as prescribed. Right? Yes.
Patient: II, I took my medication in the morning, the evening and the night.
Nurse: Ok. All right. Any, um, any trouble falling asleep or staying asleep at night?
Patient: No, I don't have any trouble.
Nurse: Ok. And then how's, how's your appetite? Ok. Ok. What would you say you have it like three meals a day or two meals a day?
Patient: Uh Two, I guess. Yeah.
Nurse: Two. Ok. All right. And then you're making sure you drink enough water throughout the day
Patient: Too. Yeah, I I got a lot of water. Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. Um and you haven't noticed like any delusions or hallucinations or anything like that lately? No, no. Ok. All right. Um So you have, now do you still have the home health aide that comes out a couple of days a week to
Patient: Help you out? That's senior uh helpers,
Nurse: The senior helpers. How often you say how
Patient: Often do that Monday and Thursday, Monday and Thursday. Ok. 11 30 to 2 30.
Nurse: Ok. All
Patient: Right. She's here now, [PHI-Personal]. Oh,
Nurse: Ok. Ok. So that's good then. Alrighty. Um did you have any like questions or any concerns about anything right now?
Patient: I was wondering how do the doctors know that my aneurysm is three M millimeters long in singer. Did they get any pictures or anything from it or?
Nurse: Yeah, they sent, um, so when you went for your vascular consult, they sent over the results and the pictures to the doctor so that he can, um, take a look at it. So when you had the, when they did the, um, your ct scan they're able to see it and they can measure it and that's how they know how small it is and that's how they know that it's too small for them to operate on. Yeah. Yeah. So after they get, you know, all your information together, they send it directly over to the doctor and then he can see it. So that's, yeah, so they try to, you know. Yeah, thank you. You're welcome. No problem. Ok. And let me see. So you don't go back to doctor [PHI-Personal] until [PHI-Personal] for a follow up um appointment. Yeah. Ok. Ok. So I'll go ahead and I'll update it here that we spoke. I'll try to look at your medication to see if I can tell which ones may need refills. Um Yeah. Yeah. But if you're going through it or your help helper is going through it and, and you see that you need something, you can just give me a call back and I can put it through for you. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Thank you.
Nurse: Ok. All right. So I will give you a call in about another month or so, but if you need something before that, you can just call back like you did today. Ok. Ok. All right. Ok. Well, you have a good day. Ok, you too. Thank you. Ok, bye.
