Nurse: What I thought, but I just wanted to make sure. Ok, so he just wanted you to let him know so that he could get you a refill with 90 for a 30 day supply.
Patient: Yeah, I'm just about out. Ok. He told me to call one out. Uh, not too bad. Not too bad. I didn't go down to the [PHI-Geographic] then. But
Nurse: Yeah, I saw that, uh, let me, let me get it pulled up here. Sorry. The computer is running slow this morning already. Let me pull you up. Mhm. Yeah, I know that you had your appointment. Oh, and then it, ok, one second everything just shut down what is going on. Um, I think you, it said something about going to see a pain management doctor? Is that who you're talking about in Hershey?
Patient: Yeah, I was going to, but I thought, I don't know why because I went before down into [PHI-Geographic] and they couldn't find anything new. They didn't wanna do an MRI, which I think that's what I need. But, um,
Nurse: To the neurologist, to the pain management doctor.
Patient: Oh, it's been a long years.
Nurse: Ok. So, you know, I, I know that you didn't have the best experience the first time, but it is a different doctor. Usually people like their pain management doctors because they're able to, kind of, not necessarily, always figure out what's causing it but are able to come up with like a, a complex plan to prevent the pain.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I've been, that's what
Nurse: You need. I think you need somebody who can, um, really figure out the best pain management for you, which is hard to do. Everybody's pain different.
Patient: Right. Right. I've been to therapy so many times and,
Nurse: And you do massages. I know you do all the things.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah,
Nurse: You just have to figure out. Yeah. Ok. I've got it open now. Let's see. Uh, my pain improves and, ok. Yes. So they want you to see the pain management doctor and we're doing HYDROcodone three times a day. Ok. Yeah. So, were they able to schedule you an appointment?
Patient: Um, I was driving the one day and I got a message. I didn't get to talk to anyone but it was the referral center for, uh, [PHI-Geographic]. Perfect. Yeah. So, I hope I didn't lose their message.
Nurse: Well, yeah, I would definitely give him a call back. See if they're able to get you in relatively quickly. Um, so that we can find a pain management plan that works for you.
Patient: Ok. And then if I go to them, Doctor [PHI-Personal] won't be able to fill my prescriptions anymore. Right.
Nurse: Well, they, yeah, they, because they're gonna, they'll probably take over the HYDROcodone or they'll put on something else. But yes, and it looks like Doctor [PHI-Personal] said, until you see pain management. He, like, this is the only plan. Does that make sense? Like you really want to increase the meds anymore at this point? So we definitely want you to, I mean, if you go to pain management and they're like, and they refer you back to [PHI-Personal] then of course that's what we would do. But I, I really think that you need, you need somebody to sit down and figure out what we need to do here to prevent this.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. It seems like
Nurse: We've tried so many different things and nothing is perfect fit yet. No, I know. I know
Patient: It's hard. The neuropathy got, got worse, you know.
Nurse: Yeah, I know when we talked about it, it got significantly, it's changed significantly recently. Mhm. Mhm. Oh, yeah. I would give them a call and see if you can help soon you can get in. I will let [PHI-Personal] know that you're needing a refill for that three times a day instead of twice a day. That would be the 90 total. Um, so we'll get that sent over to your
Patient: Pharmacy. Um, ok. Uh CV S don't have it, but the uh pharmacy down at [PHI-Geographic] does have it. I call ahead.
Nurse: Ok. That's the [PHI-Geographic] [PHI-Personal] connections. Right.
Patient: Um Let me look here on
Nurse: I know it's something it's why don't they just call it the hospital's name? Yeah,
Patient: Exactly. Um yeah it's um it's called bio [PHI-Personal] connections. Rx. Perfect. Ok.
Nurse: All right sorry I put that in there so we sent it to the right one. Alright we will I'll I'll send that over to [PHI-Personal] for him to review and send out to [PHI-Personal]. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Alright that's that's [PHI-Geographic].
Nurse: Yes that's what I got South [PHI-Geographic]. Yeah.
Patient: Ok so you let you let me know when that was called in or? Yeah
Nurse: I can let you know I'll give you a call.
Patient: Ok? Or text whichever or email or something
Nurse: I can I don't have they don't we don't have that set up unfortunately. Um but yes I'll just give you a quick call and I'll if you don't answer I can just leave a message that says it was sent so you know when to call. Ok.
Patient: Sounds good
Nurse: I appreciate it. Of course if you need anything else or anything else changes? Let me know. Ok,
Patient: Thanks a lot. Alright.
Nurse: Yep, have a good day. Yeah, you too. Thank you. Bye bye.
