Nurse: Yeah, no problem.
Patient: And at my age and you will forget about birthday.
Nurse: So you're just planning to kind of relax and not do much.
Patient: Oh, I, that's the plan because it was something else with all my kids and my grandchildren. So I know they got something planned but I don't, I know, I hope it's not too much.
Nurse: Oh, I got you that hopefully maybe just like a quick lunch, you know, and then you can just chill the rest of the day.
Patient: Right. And then they can go home and I can just. Right.
Nurse: That's so funny. I got you. Well, good. I'm so, I'm glad it sounds like you had a good week and probably a good weekend too. So, um, I just wanted, yeah, I just wanted to call and make sure everything's going all right. Or do you need anything right now?
Patient: I do not. I do not. Ok. I, I do want to ask you, I do want to ask you this, what you think about this um-hum. You know, maybe, maybe I don't need to see a, I can't say that word. The lung. Doctor, Doctor [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Ok. Maybe,
Patient: Maybe I need, yeah, I was, I was talking now, I, I'm not having any symptoms whatsoever but you don't think that could be that the, the, the, the breathing issue that I have because I think I was like that before COVID and yeah, it could be that you don't think it has something to do with my heart.
Nurse: Um, sometimes, yeah, if you ever have like any, um, heart issues as well, it can cause, you know, like shortness of breath issues too. Um, I got
Patient: You test where they read the, um, I, I don't know the name of it but they went through my groin and went to my heart to do something.
Nurse: Oh, did they? It was like a cath, a catheterization. They kind of looked at the, the flow of everything. Ok. Yeah. Yeah. Ok. When did you have that done?
Patient: I can, you, you know, my memory after COVID is
Nurse: Horrible. It's been a while though.
Patient: It's, it's been a long while even before COVID, even before COVID. Um, so I'm thinking maybe six years, six or seven years. Ok. But that was the beginning of the, the beginning of my breathing issue because I was actually walking my granddaughter home from the bus stop and she wanted to go a little further. I told her I couldn't take it, you know. Mhm. So, I did have a, on, and that's when they put me on, they took me off of one medication and put me, I think on Losartan. Ok. Or Losartan to, to the Triamterene.
Nurse: Ok. Got you. Let's see. Mhm. Because I know I'm looking at your, um, I know you check your BP and things like that pretty regularly too. Um, let me see here. So, as of right now, I mean, I know the last two readings, your blood pressures looked good and your pulses looked good. Um, I know there was just like one higher reading but I mean, you took it three minutes later and it was fine. Um, because
Patient: I was, I was, uh, I think somebody used when they came in, what they, what I did was I couldn't find my other cup and he said it was actually my son in law, he was having some issues and I told them to go ahead and unplug it and I'm thinking as soon as I plug, plugged it back up, the reading came
Nurse: Through. Ok. Got you. Ok. Um, well, let's see. So I know you said right now you're not really having any issues though as far as, like the shortness of breath.
Patient: Well, no, I mean I can't, I still can't look, I could go to the grocery store and I can walk around the grocery store because I don't really go anywhere else cause it's so hard. But as long as I have a budget to push
Nurse: I'm good. I got you. Yeah. Ok.
Patient: And I can walk around my house all day long. Um I don't know what the difference is. I can walk around all day long with no problems. Mhm. But walking long distance, I don't, I don't think, I, I mean, I probably could but I would have to stop and rest. It could just be my age but I don't
Nurse: Think so. I got you and you never feel shortness of breath like when you're just like at rest like sitting down oh laying down. Ok. Ok, good. Ok. Um, I mean, I think so maybe on like we can keep the, the pulmonology appointment and then they may be able to decipher too if it has anything to do with your lungs or if it maybe could be a heart issue. Um, cause I mean, I'm not sure it, I don't think, I don't know, it could be something that has to do with the heart. Um, but they would be the ones to kind of determine and say, oh, yep, we checked out the lungs. It's a, ok on our end and then they would like, refer you to a cardiologist. Um, and then what they may do, um, I know sometimes too, even at the pulmonologist they do what's called like a six minute walk test. Um, and they kind of just have you hooked up to the pulse oximeter which measures your oxygen level in your blood, like bloodstream just to make, make sure it's where it's supposed to be. They'll have you walk around for like six minutes and if there's any, like, um, drop, that's whenever they say, oh, there's something going on here and then they can either, you know, assess and see if it is like, your heart rate is also, you know, elevated with it. Um, so I still think it would be a good idea to just check in with the pulmonologist and then see what they recommend if they do seem like everything's ok. And, you know, August, then they may refer you over to a cardiologist and they may be, you know, do like a further test. Um, you know, like, I know the cardiologist, they do what's called a stress test. Um, which is, they can either do like, chemical or they can do it where you're like on a treadmill. Um, and they can see, you know what the heart's doing there and see if that's maybe the issue too. Right. But, yeah, I think, I think so far we got a good plan in place and I know you meet with, um, Doctor o'riley next month too. Um for your new primary, so that's all good there. All right. Well, everything sounds like it's going ok and um I hope you have a good birthday and if you need anything, just give me a call and let me know
Patient: I will thank you so much.
Nurse: Yeah, you're welcome, I'll talk to you real soon. Alright, bye bye. You too.
