Nurse: Ma'am. Go right ahead.
Patient: I did. Yeah, I didn't mean I, I have a friend who's in my butt always says I can't hear you. So first you do, right. I've done this before. So pardon me? Is, is there like a list of questions that you wanna ask me about what I was interested in or do I just,
Nurse: What if you want? You can just start talking. I was just gonna explain the program a little more to you. Um, but it's where we just call you once a month and check on you see how you're doing. See if you need anything. We do some education. If you have any questions or have something going on, you can always call us. That's what we're here for. It's kind of like having your own private nurse.
Patient: I like it. Yeah, I was a part of the program a couple years back with doctor. Um, yeah, the doctor that, uh, is doctor. He retired anyway. So, um, yeah, I do, I do know how it works and I didn't think I was really mean it last time so I cancel it. But yeah, it doesn't
Nurse: Hurt. Right. That's right.
Patient: Yeah, a lot of medical surgeries coming up and things like that. That, um, yeah, I have questions about. Ok. Yeah, but before so doctor and I talked about the fact that I was getting bruises like weird bruises to some place and he uh mentioned that on Lexapro, that can be a side effect that we should just keep our eyes open with it. So I just wanted to touch base and say yes, I'm still getting the weird. So, I mean, they're like a little black quarter size uh, bruise on the inner upper arm. I, I don't know what in the world I would have done to get that. But yeah, so, you know, I know there's always the fear of uh um, isn't, isn't that a sign of lymphatic cancer?
Nurse: Um could be, but now, you know, lots of things can cause us to, especially as we age because our thin, our skin is thinner.
Patient: Yeah. So I'll just keep, keep an eye on it and um if they really ramp up, I'll call you guys and both or whatever.
Nurse: Right?
Patient: Ok. The next really big question I was gonna go in and see him about this. But I'm so glad I get to talk to a woman. Um I, since I moved here six years ago, I put on 50 lbs. Um I am a previous anorexic so and was in the hospital numerous times for that. Uh 95 lbs, things like that. Um And so my mind obviously is working nonstop and, and I look at myself, I, you know, disgusted mad and then I, then I sabotage myself by eating sugar. So I am working with my psychologist on this. So don't worry, I'm not asking you to be my psychologist. But um I think what, what has happened is my eating disorder has flipped and instead of uh anorexia, I'm, I'm, I'm doing comfort too. Um Yeah, because there's a lot of stuff going on in my life right now and oh, there has been forever and since I moved here, um I've had two back surgeries. So that doesn't help with the whole not being able to move a lot and you know, putting on weight and I'm in. So, yeah, so I know that contributes to it. I am on hormones, estradiol and something, the progesterone. Um But here's my question. I, I have to lose weight. I'm gonna join a gym, but it's very what I can do because of my back, but I'm gonna do everything I can. I used to work in gym. So I really have an idea of what to do, you know, to be careful. Um, but I, I mean, I'm, I'm curious about all of these di, I watch [PHI-Personal] News. I have it so I always have all these different weight loss, um, options and I didn't know about, uh, if there's one of them that you guys recommend that we, you know, I, because I just feel like I have to do something I do have stuff here to use for a shake diet. I used right before I moved here and I lost 10 lbs in one month. So, but I was real consistent with my eating. I had a pattern going with my job and when I could eat when I couldn't. And uh you know, so I was doing the six meals a day of, you know, snacks, you know what I mean? Um every day, almost identical times. Um So I know that had a lot to do with it. Um So I know I need to ramp back up my knowledge which I have from being in the hospital with anorexia of metabolism and uh the fact that I have to fuel my body in order to lose the weight, which you, you know, it makes sense. Obviously I know it's what have happened. So anyway, no, that very sorry for that. Um um are, is there one like I, I've been looking at uh um I can't afford like, uh what's the big one? Oh, for God's sake. Um, you know, the one with, uh,
Nurse: Oh, Weight Watchers or Nutrisystem.
Patient: But Weight Watchers as well. I mean, it's that good. I know they do better with points now. It's not as crazy. Um, and I know you, you have, um, support right with other people and actually I just started a job. Uh, and my, I guess you call her my blood. It's weird because she's like my kid. Um, she had weight and lost like 20 lbs, right? So is that one that you recommend?
Nurse: It? Is one that works really well?
Patient: Ok. Um
Nurse: You know, one thing is if you need that extra accountability, that's a good one.
Patient: Yes, I do
Nurse: Because of meetings or having a coach or someone that you report to
Patient: Weekly. Yeah.
Nurse: Plus they try to teach you to eat healthy,
Patient: Which I need, right? And now I'm a recovering alcohol. I just celebrated [PHI-Personal]. So good for you. Thank you. Thank you. One thing, one thing I'm going right. Um So I understand that the concept of a sponsor or coach and all that, I think I would fall very well into the rhythm of that because that's what I did. So, so, so. Ok, then I will, I will talk to my boss whatever she is. Um and see. So no, she lives up, do I just Google it and just say Weight Watchers and Yeah. Yeah. Ok. Ok. What's that was fine with me? Um, question my main concern. My main driving me crazy, everything in my life right now around the back that I can't stand looking at myself so good then Weight Watchers will be good. Right.
Nurse: Right. How's your bipolar doing?
Patient: Well as you might be able to jump on and, and get, I'm a little manic. Um, what's really bad about that? And thank you for asking if I could talk to you guys about that stuff. But, um I, I mean, I think I just went through a real strong mania and I think I'm still in it in a lot of ways. Um and my way of of acting out is shopping and I'm on disability. So and I just had a bankruptcy because of this roll off. So 10 years ago and I'm pretty sure that I'm gonna have to um do bankruptcy, do bankruptcy again. So that's hard. Um it's not, yeah, it's, it's, yeah, because I, you know, my psychologist not working on it and I don't um he wants me to not beat myself up but just don't do it moving forward. Well, I'm still, I am still doing it and, but not any, not anywhere as bad because I don't really have any more room on any of my credit cards. So which is just terrible. I don't li I, I, you know, I have a budget that I type up every month and I, you know what I spent and what I have in the bank account and how I'm gonna break it all down and I just haven't done that for months. I just stop and then make payment. I've been making all the payments, um, uh, even more than the minimum. Now I'm now at a place where I have to just do minimum, which I know is ridiculous. Well, a lot of them though, but, uh, is that there's 0% interest right now I took advantage of one of those deals and not, and I have, um, uh, uh, credit for my. Mhm. And so that one is like six months with 0% interest, you know, as you work out, you pay it off. So that one, you know, and then I have another credit card that I get balance transfers to and it's 0% interest. Um, so, yeah, some of the, the problem is all the different payments and that it, it gets to be difficult, um, to make my payments, but so far I've been able to do it and now that I've got a job, it's not a lot of hours in the beginning. Um, but hopefully it will ramp up in worst case. I mean, the job is different. So worst case, as soon as I get out of the way, I can always take a part time job in that in the beginning. So, because I know that having a job will help with my weight as well because, yeah, uh, except unfortunately the one office that I'll be in and on, on Friday in the office is an older woman and she brings in candy and I can't tell her don't do that. But I have to, it's difficult. I'm, you know, I'm a sugar addict now and it's like I, you know, between shopping and sugar and those are the two ways that my mania comes out and I don't know. Bye. Yes. Several people that so,
Nurse: But you recognize it. So that's a good thing.
Patient: Yeah, I know that that is very, thank you for saying that. And that is something that I, I do know when I'm doing it, what I'm doing. It's just that at this point I can't stop myself and I like the Weight Watchers like you said, if I had a coach, I could do like I did in and that is what I'm thinking about eating sugar. I call the coach, uh, just like, yeah, and because in a, a when we, when I was thinking about drinking, of course I called my um, or went to a meeting or both. And so, yeah, I never even thought about Weight Watchers. Seriously. That's really good. I like, I like that good. And yeah, that'll be, that'll be good for me to do. And I'm also going to do the, I looked it up and they do have like a Debtors Anonymous or something like that for people that spend money that they should be spending Um, yeah. So I'm thinking I need to look into meetings for that as well. Ok. You know, because it wouldn't hurt to have the coach. Right. Um,
Nurse: It never hurts to have that, that extra little bit of support.
Patient: Exactly. The accountability is so important. Right. Because I, I do unfortunately have a really bad pride around things like this. Like my, a, a, at this point I would never think because I didn't wanna lose my [PHI-Personal] years, which is absolutely the worst reason why.
Nurse: But it's what works for you. Yeah. Yeah. And so that's
Patient: Ok. Yeah. And I just don't share that with anybody else. Yeah. I working. But, um, yeah, about six months ago or even a little, a little more. I was very, I'm, I'm, I'm a student for my family and I'm just now getting it back on track. Um, and with me and not their health. But, um, because my mother's ill, uh, she's in the hospital. Um, and I, without, at the time I was working so I'm spending a lot of time in her house, you know, staying overnight and all of that. So I got back in the good [PHI-Personal] of my family, but back a while back, I was very suicidal slash drink and, um, believe it or not. And I told my sponsor I, I was more apt to kill myself because I do not wanna break that [PHI-Personal] years. That's interesting. But, and, and luckily I have my cat because I love them. Like my Children, I never had Children and, um, there was no way I could abandon them. So, and now, and now that I'm off the one medication and we're trying to, which is one causing me a lot of my depression and I knew that allocating for my son.
Nurse: Um, so which one did you go off of
Patient: Depakote? I was taking, yeah, I was taking, uh, 100 and 50 mg a day. Ok. Yeah, a lot. Um, no, not 100 and 50. It was 1505. Yeah, 1500. Yeah, I was taking five at night, 10 in the morning. Um, and I knew that I've been on it for way too long. Um, because I had been on it, like, over 15 years. Um, so, and I, I was reading some things and I know that from other medication can stop working or even reverse what it's doing, um, or what it's supposed to be helping with. Um, like, worse. In other words, I, I believe that that is what bring into my really deep, deep two year long depression. CO COVID did not help
Nurse: Either. Right. Right. Yeah,
Patient: I sure you hear that from a lot of your patients. And, um, yeah, because I had a job. I was working part time. I didn't love the job but it was a job and, um, it got eliminated the position and, and, uh, they, with all their car dealer and took away the position of cashier slash reception. So I, yeah, at first I was for furloughed and then I was eliminated. I know, I always say it, like, I'm like, I'm taking it very personally, but I'm not, I know that, you know, it wasn't just me.
Nurse: Right. Right. Yeah.
Patient: So, um, um, so
Nurse: Let's, let's go over your medicines and what you're, you're currently taking. So, are you taking an injection for migraines?
Patient: No, I'm not taking that any longer. I never really even did. I couldn't afford it.
Nurse: Ok. All right. Um, buPROPion three tablets in the morning. Ok. Dexamethasone. Mm. One tablet four times a day. It's a steroid.
Patient: Oh, no, no, no, no, no. That, that was a temporary thing.
Nurse: Ok. Right. Uh Dim as needed for abdominal pain. Yeah. Ok. Uh DULoxetine. 30 mg. One a day. Yeah. All right. Lexapro 20 mg. One a day. Yes. Yes. Estradiol. Yes. Uh, nasal spray. Yes. Gabapentin. 900 mg three times a day.
Patient: Right. I take 1, 601 303 times a day.
Nurse: Ok. And then HYDROcodone as needed.
Patient: Yeah. And I've not been and that, that's something and I stay really close up with being that I'm an addict and I've never abused it like I haven't. Well, I did take one recently but I, you know, I take, I go days without taking them. So.
Nurse: Ok. All right. LORazepam. One mg. Yeah. How often do you take that
Patient: Every night? If I don't, I can't sleep and doctor my psychiatrist, he's, like, blown away because of the amount of I'm on knock people out. But, um, I just, I, I think because of my, I, me things differently. But, um, yeah. So if, if I, I mean, I've tried to, ok, I'm gonna be honest. I do think I'm a little addicted to the loam. Um, not addicted van. Oh, yeah, it makes me get high but I can't have to take it. Yeah. Yeah. So that's why I was trying that and I was taking two, a night and I took it down to one. Um, and the doctor knew I was doing that. I didn't do it. Um, and yeah, and then I have been trying to, not on days that I don't have to worry too much about the next morning. Um, I try to go without it and see if I can sleep.
Nurse: Ok. What about, um, progesterone tablets? Yeah. Ok. How often are you taking those?
Patient: Every night and every day? The ol and, and the progesterone at night?
Nurse: Ok. All right. Uh Nortriptyline two at bedtime.
Patient: Um, one at bedtime, 1 50 mg capsule at bedtime.
Nurse: 1 50 mg. Mhm. Ok. All righty. Um, OLANZapine one a day.
Patient: Yeah. Yes, that's the one that I use to do the, um, I'm taking 20 mg at night that may not be updated in there.
Nurse: No, it had 7.5 mg.
Patient: No. Yeah. Well, wow, that's, that, that's a while back. Yeah. So it's, we ramped it up by five and, uh,
Nurse: Money taking 20 mg. Yeah. Yeah. Ok. Um, all right. Um, Zofran if you need it for nausea. Yeah. Ok. Proair two puffs every four hours as needed. No. No, not using that at all.
Patient: No. No, it was kind of a temporary thing. I never really, it was every now and then I would need a little help getting my breath. But ok. Um, yeah, I'm, yeah, I haven't need that in a long
Nurse: Time. Propranolol 60 mg. One twice a day. Yeah. Yeah. Ok. Refresh eye drops.
Patient: Um, no, I'm using the combination of either the Visine allergy, the watery eyes and the um, oh, for god sake. Uh, the one that they advertise that makes your eyes turn bright white and you use it once and it's the eye drop that. Oh, anyway, that one because I do get, I get a lot of red whatever is in my eyes, not sleeping well.
Nurse: All right. Uh Rizatriptan 10 mg.
Patient: Um, yes. As
Nurse: Needed. Ok. And then, uh, valacyclovir, what is that? Looks like? You probably would have, you probably would have taken that for like a cold sore or?
Patient: Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I had, uh, an awful for over six months in, uh, sore on the side of my tongue. Ok. All right. Yeah. They,
Nurse: Anything else that you're taking that I didn't mention
Patient: Um no other than the vitamin.
Nurse: OK. What vitamins are you taking?
Patient: Oh, the list here. Oh, and I'm also taking um uh 188 mg tablets for 81 mg. Excuse me? Aspirin. OK. Because at one point they thought that I had had a stroke and it was what I told them, it was and it was the medicine. Ok? I said what I told them. Ok, let's see here. I take calcium at night. 500 mg. 22 of them. Um I take hair, skin and nails advanced or that you choose [PHI-Personal]. I think it is. Yeah. Um magnesium 500 mg a day.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: Um Melatonin, I take that at night. 10 mg.
Nurse: OK.
Patient: And vitamin C um I take 10,000 at night and there's something going on here. Um I take align, I probably uh probiotic was, I was told to definitely stay on a probiotic by my gas. And uh yeah, my gas. Um and I think that would be, let's see, staring at it right now here. Oh. D three. OK. And I'm taking chewable fiber cause I have terrible constipation with my medications as well as dry mouth.
Nurse: How much D three are you taking a lot?
Patient: Ok. I'm taking four. I do vitamin because swallowing all my pills. Um and I do four of the D three a night.
Nurse: OK. Is that bad? No, no, I'm just gonna make sure I put it in here.
Patient: OK, great.
Nurse: Anything else?
Patient: No, I believe that's everything.
Nurse: All right. OK. All right, MS [PHI-Personal]. Anything else I can help you with?
Patient: No, and thank you for letting me a lot. But hey,
Nurse: That, that is what I am here for. Um We can always talk about your bipolar, we can talk about anxiety, depression, we can talk about anything seriously. Seriously.
Patient: Oh, that is so awesome. Thank you because I don't have very many people in my life that I can do that with. Uh so I don't have any.
Nurse: So yeah, so I mean that's what I'm here for. Um call me. All right if you need something and otherwise I will call you back in about a month. Ok?
Patient: Yes ma'am and I will get started on that.
Nurse: Ok? All right, I'll look forward to seeing how you're doing. Thank you so
Patient: Much. You
Nurse: Are so welcome. Have a great rest of your day.
Patient: You too. Thank
Nurse: You. Alrighty bye bye.
