Nurse: Ok,
Patient: Because of my past history and stuff. Feel better, better be safe than sorry.
Nurse: Yeah. Absolutely. Ok. And as far as now, no medication changes or anything like
Patient: That. No, no, no, none of that stuff.
Nurse: Ok. Any further concerns with those episodes or anything like that since we last talked.
Patient: No, no more episodes. Just when I, when I explained to him how my first heart attack occurred back in [PHI-Geographic]. It, it bothered him just to let, just to write it off as a heat problem. Right. Because I had no symptoms back then. I, I had none of the traditional symptoms of a heart attack.
Nurse: Right. Yeah, I remember we discussed that. So that's good that he didn't kind of brush it off as well and is looking. No, he
Patient: Said he wasn't. He? Yeah, he wasn't gonna do anything until I explained why I was a little bit apprehensive about this last episode about the fact that it seemed very similar to what I had before. And then he said, yeah, I said, now that you've told me this, we're gonna have to take it further. Ok? If I'd have kept my mouth shut, I'd be fat, dumb and happy, I guess. Or fat, dumb and ignorant, uh, uh, about, uh, what my condition really is. So, hopefully it's nothing but, but this will help put some, my minds at ease here at the house.
Nurse: Yeah. Absolutely. Better to be safe rather than sorry. Exactly. Get that done and just kind of check it off the list. So,
Patient: So one of the questions I wanna, one of the questions I wanna ask you before we get off because you're in the, you're in the health industry, you're a nurse and you've taken BP measurements before. One of the things that concerns him is my first BP management in his office was 100 and 70/80 something. And then he took it himself and he got 100 and 60/80. I took my BP on my little Omron thing that morning and I got [PHI-Account]/68 with a pulse of 59. What do you know of anything that explains that big a difference or is my little machi or is my ma, or is my machine just totally off?
Nurse: Yeah. You said your home reading was [PHI-Account]?
Patient: Yeah. And that's consistent with, and that's consistent with all my, you know, that's consist, that's within the, uh, within the variability range of stuff that I've taken over the last two years. Ok. So I take it every day. So I got plots of every day. I was just hoping and maybe you, with your knowledge of what's of stuff, you might have some insight,
Nurse: Right? Um So what I always suggest is, I mean, if you are getting consistent readings like that at home, um maintaining that and there's no fluctuations in your home readings, odds are that is probably your normal. Um Now the only way to really test it against a reading in the office and your home monitor to check its consistency and reliability is to do it right then and there at the same time that they're checking it, I,
Patient: I was seriously thinking about taking my home machine into the office the next time I went.
Nurse: Yeah. Yep, I've had patients do that multiple times, you know, we bring it in just to check its accuracy um and make sure, you know, go over that you're checking it right. It's in the right, the arm cuff is in the right placement things like that, that's all, uh, something that can just be reviewed in the office and then also gives you that peace of mind, you know, maybe batteries do need to be changed occasionally. That's, uh, no,
Patient: This, I keep, I keep this hooked up to, uh, to ac power all the time. It's not running out.
Nurse: Got you. Um, so that kind of rules that out. Um, it could have just been a situational thing where, you know, you had gone into the office and BP is a little elevated at that time. Um, but
Patient: Really my, my issue, my issue now is he's concerned that I've got high BP,
Nurse: Right.
Patient: I'm going, that's the reason it's, uh, starting to be really important. I get something correlated here. Either I have high BP and their meetings are correct or my meetings are right. And we're just overreacting to office visit. Reading.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. And typically so office readings, um, the doctor will kind of wait and assess for three high readings in a row in the office. Um, before making medication changes, things like that. So if it's saying consistently high in the office, then we are looking at, do you do have high BP or is this more of like a white coat related syndrome thing where it is just high in the office if you're having consistently good stable readings at home, make sure you take that into your office visit, uh, you know, jot a few down for like a week record
Patient: In. No, I take, no, he saw, he saw a year of these. I,
Nurse: Ok. Um, then it could have been just a fluke thing but just to, you know, follow up with your, you know, if you're going for your stress stress test, have him take it there too. They're gonna check your BP anyway.
Patient: He said he was gonna use BP measurements, I think coming out of that test because I think they monitor it all the time practically. And he said he's gonna use that as an input for BP also. But I've got another, I got a, I got an actual visit with him. That was, is the week after, it's like the [PHI-Personal] of [PHI-Personal]. OK? Or, or it's whatever. It's the Monday after the [PHI-Personal], the first Monday after the [PHI-Personal]. Uh I'm more than likely gonna take my, my little machine in when I go just to, just to satisfy, just to satisfy my own mind, whether I've been, whether I've had false data for since [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Yeah. And really, that's the only way to tell, um have them do their reading and then right then you do your reading on your machine and see if they correlate right then and there, that's basically the only way to know if we're having a new assistant.
Patient: Yeah. And they only need to correlate within plus or minus five points too. As far as I'm concerned because your BP.
Nurse: Yeah, exactly. I mean, if you sit there and you take your BP, you know, three and four times right after each other, those numbers are even gonna vary a little bit because it's going to raise as you're constricting that blood flow in the arm consistently over and over and over again. So, you know, within that small variation that is acceptable. Now, the [PHI-Account] to the one sixties, that's not, that's kind of ok. It raises a question. Exactly. So, well,
Patient: Well, my, my little machine takes three, makes three measurements, 15 seconds apart and then average and then average, guess what it does.
Nurse: Yep. Yep. Ok. Well, yeah, just take it in. Like I said, if you even wanna take your machine in with your stress test.
Patient: No, no, no, that's no, that, that won't, that won't, no, I won't do that. I'd rather, I'd rather take it to the doctor's office because he's the one that I have to with that needs to have first hand, uh, knowledge. Right? Not the, not the, not the people doing the stress test, that's, that's a tough enough test to go through.
Nurse: True. Understand. Um, well, yeah, it sounds like you've got a good plan of then to just double check those readings when you're in the office visit next. So I agree with that completely.
Patient: Ok. I'll let you go.
Nurse: No problem, sir. I'm glad that things are. Well, um and we'll check back in after you have those visits and everything. Ok. Ok. Alright. Alright, talk to you later. Bye bye bye bye.
