Nurse: Here you are right here. [PHI-Account]. Alrighty. So the reason I wanted to call, I just wanted to check in with you. Uh I'm with, you know, the part of the doctor's office that you opted in for where I check in with you on a monthly basis um and see how everything's going on, how you're doing. So first and foremost, I wanna make sure you're not having any issues, you know. Um have you been having, have you been dealing with anything lately? Um you know any anything decreased appetite, difficulty going to the bathroom, headaches, pain.
Patient: I do have a lot of shortness of breath again.
Nurse: Ok. Let me look at your history. Ok. You do have COPD do you own a pulse oximeter? One of those things that checks your oxygen levels.
Patient: I don't think I do. Ok.
Nurse: And do you get, I mean, how frequent slash common is you getting short of breath with the history of COPD? Is it? You know, and I know also the area it's very smoky outside, um, which could be causing some, you know, exacerbations with the COPD. But, um, how long have you been having the shortness of breath?
Patient: Well, it's about a week now,
Nurse: About a week you've been having a little bit of increased shortness of breath. Have you, you've been using your duoneb or the nebulizer treatment? Yes, I do.
Patient: Ok. Yeah, I've been using them.
Nurse: So, um what a pulse oximeter is, is one of those little devices that you put on your finger that calculates the blood oxygen and the percent of hemoglobin that is in saturated in the blood. It's also known as the SPO two. But this is the oxygen saturation is a crucial meas measure of how well the lungs are working. So like it'll come up as a percentage. They also take your pulse. So if you put, if you get one of these things and put it on your finger, you'll be able to see like, you know, 95% oxygen. Um and the normal is generally for people with COPD between 88 and 90 you know, 100% but sometimes people with COPD, um you know, they are more co2 dependent. So they run a lower oxygen level at baseline. So picking one of those up isn't a bad idea just because it's a good way to tell, you know, is my shortness of breath, you know, and my, what's my oxygen percentage? You know, if I'm feeling short of breath, um I is my oxygen level low to the point where I need to get checked out and see what's going on here. Um So, I mean, it's a direct correlation of how well your lungs are transporting oxygen. And like I said, it also measures your heart rate. So usually when your body is requiring more oxygen, your heart rate will increase because it's working harder to move oxygen throughout the body. So it's, it's a nice little device that, you know, you, you can pick up generally pretty cheap these days from pharmacies or department stores, Walmart anywhere really. Um So that's not a bad idea but um with the shortness of breath, you've been using all your breathing um equipment and your treatments and your inhalers and everything like that. Um Yeah,
Patient: I'm wondering though, could it could it also come from stress that I have this because I was doing real. I was doing really, really well, you know, with everything.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. You, I mean, anxiety can cause shortness of breath. Do you feel like you've been anxious lately? Yes. Yeah. What's going on? Right. Uh What, what is it that you're, what's going on in life that's causing you more stress these days.
Patient: Well, um, it's my, my daughter's gay. Ok. Mhm. And it's the girlfriend.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: She was with the girlfriend left and now she's back and on. I don't know. It's just the whole bothering
Nurse: Me. Oh, wait, then we talked about this last time. We talked a little bit, did we? Yeah, we talk, we started talking about it. It still hasn't resolved.
Patient: The, no, the girlfriend's back.
Nurse: Oh, she's back now. So then is she living with you too?
Patient: No. No, they don't. My daughter has her own place. Ok. Ok. But see, my daughter, uh, my daughter had a baby. Ok, with the donor, but this girl carried the baby. Interesting. You know, and it just, she was gone, this girl was gone because, um, well, she was picked up for drugs and everything, the girl. Mhm. And, um, we went to court to make sure my daughter gets custody of the baby and just having this grow back is a lot on me.
Nurse: Yeah, that is a lot.
Patient: I don't trust her, you know. Yeah. How old is your daughter? She's [PHI-Geographic]
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. And, yeah, I, I understand that that's kind of close to home because, you know, I have some family members who have been involved in some, you know, tumultuous relationships to say the least and have caused stress. But is there a way for you to not distance yourself from your daughter? But kind of distance yourself from the situation
Patient: But I babysit my granddaughter. Mhm. And my fear is this, um, so this girl carried this baby, I'm afraid that she's gonna say that she's well enough of drugs and because really she carried the baby, I think she has more rights than my daughter has. Even though it is my daughter's biological baby, it's just the way the whole situation went because there was no paper signed. Ok. And, uh, I'm just afraid she's gonna take off with the baby then and it's, it's, it's a budget, everything bothering me. I
Nurse: Get that and I want you to know one that hasn't happened yet and I don't, I hopefully it will not. But, you know, don't get too worried about what might happen in the future. Definitely, you know, prepare and do everything you can through the court and whatever you need to do with the conversations with your daughter and, you know, making sure you feel good about it, but don't get too caught up in the what ifs does that make sense? And I, I know there's things that, you know, seem like they're inevitable or, you know, you can, but unfortunately, there's some things in life that are going to be unpreventable and we need to handle them as they come rather than be anxious about them in the present moment. And from talking to you the, you know, last month and starting to talk to you this month, I know that you're you've been through a lot and you're able to, you know, overcome anything that's put in front of you. So, in the meantime, I think I'd like to think positively instead of like going down that negative rabbit hole because I feel like as humans, we all have the potential to go down that negative rabbit hole. You know, we can either choose to be, you know, present in the moment. But then when we start thinking to the what ifs and the future or the what happened in the past, we just get in this funk where we're just, you know, down this road of constant anxiety and, you know, you know, just being uncomfortable in our own skin. So try to focus on, on the moment, try to do some different mindfulness things like there's, there's things that can bring you back. Um when you feel like you're in that anxious state, like uh it's called mindfulness exercises. And I want you when you're feeling overwhelmed like that to find a nice area that's quiet and peaceful that you can just relax in. I want you to not have to worry about anything. I don't, you know, there's gonna be thoughts that are going to your mind and that's ok. But let them come and go, you know, don't get too attached to any of these, you know, emotions that you're feeling that, you know, they pop into your head, try to just sit there and choose something to focus on what I like to tell people to focus on when they first start off is their breathing. So, um, taking what, when you find a nice quiet seat and you sit in a comfortable position, I want you to take a deep breath in for [PHI-Personal] seconds. I want you to hold it for [PHI-Personal] seconds and I want you to breathe out for eight seconds. Picture yourself filling a glass of water when you're taking that breath in through your chest and into your stomach, hold it [PHI-Personal] seconds and then release it like you're emptying the glass of water making a nice whooshing sound. So you convert. So you can hear, you know, the effects of you breathing out and you just, it, it's as simple as that it on, you can repeat it about [PHI-Personal] times. It stimulates the parasympathetic nervous system, which is the mechanism that relaxes us, digestion and relaxation. Um So try to try to find some different things that you can do to center you like that, you know, like focusing on your breath and just taking a time out because I think positive thinking is extremely important, you know, fo trying to be positive and focus on positive things. Do you? Um So you do have you take Ativan for, for sleep? But um do you feel um that shortness of breath is like the what, what is it all day? Is it intermittent?
Patient: It's um well, I was doing good until I went under all this stress and then I just feel like I can't breathe and, uh, I have a hard time breathing and I get very tired and I know the tiredness is stress. I know that's coming from stress but I'm so tired. Mhm.
Nurse: Well, let me do a, let me go over a little thing with you here.
Patient: No, I do get those LORazepam but I don't take them, you know, I, I would only take them occasionally, you know, because I, I don't want to take no kinds of medications with, for, you know, I never did in my whole life. And yeah,
Nurse: Yeah, and that, that's up to you at the end of the day. Um, and uh, just keep an eye on your shortness of breath and, you know, think about getting that pulse oximeter if, if you feel like you're in any respiratory distress, obviously, you know, to reach out and seek immediate medical attention, you know, like shortness of breath with increased respiratory rate, like you feel like you can't get a, get a breath at all if there's any worsening of your shortness of breath. Um, I want you to continue to follow up, but it very well could and especially if you feel like you're getting short of breath when you are anxious. Is it more when you're anxious that you're feeling it?
Patient: I believe so. Yes. Ok. Yes.
Nurse: So here, here's the plan for us. We're going to try to use that tool we have in our tool belt um in relation to the anxiety with the breathing. The 448. Were you very simple? I know I went through a lot but you breathe in for [PHI-Personal] seconds, you hold it for [PHI-Personal] seconds and you breathe out for, for [PHI-Personal] seconds, repeating that 3 to 4 times in a row to try to just relax and reenter yourself and try to keep your mind busy with hobbies and different things. What do you like to do? Are you keeping yourself busy or you?
Patient: Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I've, I've been busy, you know, I do keep busy. No, with everything. It's just when I see her it's done. I'm
Nurse: Done. I know the grandbaby or the, the girlfriend,
Patient: The, the girlfriend, when I see her, then my world tumbles down that.
Nurse: Well, remember you're not there for her, you're there for your grandbaby and your daughter. Right. Right. So, as long as you're able to provide support for them and be the best, the best support system for those two as you can, you, you can just ignore the rest. Ok, you can, you, you can ignore the rest. Your, your primary focus should just be being a positive life and spirit in your daughter and your grandchild's life. And if you can focus on that and just give yourself credit for how good of a mother you are and how good of a grandmother you are and think about how positive, you know, those situations are. I think we could take our mind out of the negative aspect. You know, we, you know, we're on earth for such a short period of time as human beings. You know, it's, I don't want you to spend too much time worrying about the stuff you can't control. Right. Right. Ok. And you're doing a really good job and I want you to continue to, you know, manage stuff and if it becomes unbearable, um, you know, we don't, I call you once a month no matter what, but you can always reach out to me if you feel like you need something else, need something additional to manage the anxiety. I know you're kind of anti medications for it. But if it gets to a point where you're just uncomfortable every day, it's kind of risk reward. So I'm always here, you know, to talk to you and things like that. Um, if you ever wanted to, uh, you know, if you ever felt like you, you needed something or needed, you know, anything like counseling or medication or your anxiety was to the point where you want it to be seen by, with an office appointment, we can always get that scheduled for you. Ok. Yeah. So you give me a call if that's a pro if the anxiety becomes, you know, a concern or if the shortness of breath doesn't go away or um, gets any worse? Ok. Ok. Ok. All right. Now do you need any meds refilled?
Patient: I don't believe so. Um, I think on my [PHI-Personal]. Uh no, I just got it not long ago. So I have like a lot on there but I think it says I have no more refills on this. Let me see. Let me see. Oh no, I'm wrong. It says two refills. Yeah, I got two more refills left on it. Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. Well, if you, if you come to find out that you need a refill on anything, just give me a call and we'll get it done. Ok, I'm here for you. I, I got your back. You know, if it, even if you're feeling overwhelmed one day, give me a call, we could talk about it and, uh, you know, we'll, we, I'll keep up with you on this. Uh, it doesn't look like you have any appointments coming up in the immediate future. But, uh, are you planning to schedule one coming up?
Patient: Well, you know what I should because I haven't been up in a while and I don't know, do I have to have like a yearly one or?
Nurse: Yeah, usually they like to let me see what your goals are for the year.
Patient: My, I haven't been there, I don't think since [PHI-Personal]
Nurse: Of [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Yeah, I didn't make it to that one.
Nurse: Ok. Oh, so maybe even before then.
Patient: Yeah, I think it was [PHI-Personal],
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. Yeah, your annual visit. The goal is to get that in this, this month.
Patient: Oh, this month? Ok.
Nurse: So, do you, I, you know, I, if you want, um, do you wanna, like, go over your schedule and pick a time and a date and then call the office and schedule it or do you have, do you want me to schedule it for you now? Well,
Patient: The only time I really have three that I'm not like with the baby is on a Monday any time from noon after but because all the other days I'm with the baby because my my daughter owns a restaurant you know and she's yeah she works around with the baby a lot.
Nurse: Yeah. Ok, so Mondays any time from noon forward. Yes. Ok, I will uh call and get an appointment for you and I'll call you back with the information. Ok.
Patient: Ok um if you don't get an answer, could you just leave it on the message for me? Uh Yeah. Sure. Yeah. Ok.
Nurse: Alright. Alrighty thank you so much if you have any issues, no problem. It was nice talking to you. You got this you got this you're strong. Ok. Ok, thank you. You're welcome bye bye bye bye.
