Nurse: Yes, I, I just got off the phone with them and they're gonna have their nurse. Give me a call back.
Patient: Ok. Now, what else did you wanna know while I've got the phone in my hand? I
Nurse: Can see from the recommendations from the doctor at the [PHI-Geographic]. They suggested that you come home with home health. Was home health ever set up for you?
Patient: Oh, we're not going that way. Wait a minute. Somebody's at the door now.
Nurse: Ok. I hang on. It's no problem.
Patient: We're not going with any new people coming and I get robbed and things get wrong. Oh, boy,
Nurse: That's no good.
Patient: I don't wanna find out what's going at the door. Can you hold on,
Nurse: Hold on? That's no. Yep. No problem.
Patient: Of course, everything. Ok. What happened? I didn't get any notice as far as I know. Well, I have hardly any clothes on. I'm on the phone. I, I'm feeling right. Ok. That I'm gonna, hm, that's control of all people. Uh. Oh, this is unbelievable. I mean, that's control. Can you believe that from where I live? What, what's wrong? That's control. Which means they wanna come in and check for BMP?
Nurse: Oh, my gosh. Do
Patient: You live in an apartment? No, I have a unit down here which is like your own place but they take care of it, you know what I mean? Yeah, I didn't get the notice but maybe it blew away whatever I asked them to come back in five minutes. You know what I mean? There's always something going on around here and when you don't answer a door they have a key. I don't have clothes on right now.
Nurse: Yeah. Well, yeah, I wouldn't want them just coming in on me either. Yeah, that's not good.
Patient: Well, it's like having your own place only. They can do what they want to, you know? Yeah. Oh, well, all I do is I have bells on the door or I answer it and just tell them to give me a few minutes. That's it. Yeah. Ok. So I got you now, phone call. If I've got you on hold, something's showing up here. On the phone. Uh, who the heck is this? Maybe who I dialed is your number? 22? I think that's my age.
Nurse: Uh, my answer is [PHI-Account].
Patient: No, it's ok. I recognize that she probably tried to get a hold of me. Ok. But the bottom line is I let you go first off, do whatever you have to do, but I gotta let you go because I gotta get clothes on with them and find out why the aides calling me. Ok. All right, [PHI-Personal]. Ok. So just do what you can, you know, I'll
Nurse: Call you back when I know more but you said no to home health and these are other page you've already
Patient: Had the have I'll work around the eight. I have had so much stolen from me. You would not believe it even my check book. Oh my God. I work with one person who's honest. Ok. All day over and now, all
Nurse: Right, over and out, talk to you later.
