Nurse: And this is through office of the aging. Right. Well,
Patient: No, this is through, uh, the enrollment broker at the I called the [PHI-Account] number. And that put me in touch with someone that, uh, got my information for [PHI-Personal] told me that I need to fill something out for a
Nurse: Week. Right. They didn't have any in, they didn't have a thing for you. That's right. Ok. And
Patient: Then they're going to send somebody out for an at home appointment to see what care for me would look like. Even though that right now it don't seem much but down the line. Heck, that, and we could test in [PHI-Personal] and I could lose the other seven points and, and be stage four kidney disease.
Nurse: Right. Exactly. And,
Patient: Um, I'm, I didn't, over the weekend nothing has happened. I did not hurt myself. I have a feeling it's spinal stenosis, but I woke up Saturday morning and I had no feeling in my wrist and my left hand at all. Nothing. I couldn't, couldn't bend at the wrist anything. I've got most of it back and I couldn't feel anything either. I've got most of it back except for my index finger and my thumb and kind of the meat in between there. It's kind of pins and needles feeling and I can put things in my hand, I can pick them up. But if I go to pick up a drink to try and drink it, I have to do it a different way. Or I'm gonna lose the cup. So, anything of, of must be of that weight and a little higher. Hm. I think it might be from lifting the, um, the animal bags to hang in the bathroom that's doing it. So I'm gonna try and beef this up. Like I said, I've made a lot of progress from Saturday morning when I woke up. I, if, if this is something I don't get back, I'm not gonna spend time in physical therapy because we expected it with the spinal stenosis.
Nurse: Oh, got you. So, got you. Lovely. Got you. I'm
Patient: Doing the major things from here on out. I'm learning how to poop again.
Nurse: Yeah, exactly.
Patient: And if I have to start doing any type of dialysis, I'm hoping if I, I do do that, maybe I'll qualify for, to be, to have the kind that you can do at home when you go to bed and you plug in. But things aren't usually that easy.
Nurse: No, especially for you for god's sake. Yeah. Oh, my goodness, [PHI-Personal].
Patient: But we're at a stall with the poop and deal basically because, um, the doctor said that they, but I have lost power and muscle there again, probably from the spinal stenosis. So, pelvic floor therapy is where we're headed next and they're backed up until [PHI-Personal]. They said pelvic floor therapy, you don't see anything for about 6 to 8 weeks. So they have me going back on [PHI-Personal] and if I go back in there and I got nothing, then it's time to have a different conversation. She said, and she said, who's
Nurse: This that sent you there? Um
Patient: It was, I went to God, where was it? [PHI-Personal] referred me to or the, what the heck was it down at [PHI-Geographic], the digestive place or whatever? And then they sent me to them. Ok. Um uh Doctor [PHI-Personal], the colorectal surgeon general surgery. And she said, you know, again, she says we have scar tissue we're dealing with. It might come to be that you, yeah, you've lost your muscle and that's coming from your spinal stenosis. But we might find that we have scar tissue pushing, blocking off because you get so close to being able to go. Maybe we got scar tissue creating that bulge. She says we have to figure out which is which and what's coming from? What? So
Nurse: That is. So are they ordering any kind of test sly like um MRI CT Scan? They
Patient: Wanted to do the Disy MRI but they can't because of my um my spinal ST I can't get an MRI machine. I think it's called like a MRI discography. I don't know, but it has something to do. It shows them the way your body acts when you poop or something kind of, the way they explained it to me.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: So, but, yeah. No.
Nurse: So, and you can't get a CT scan either then. Right.
Patient: No, I can get c, I think I can get cat scans but I can't get MRI S, they, they'll rip the magnets, right? Or magnets right out of my body. Mhm.
Nurse: Um But I'm surprised they haven't ordered any kind of test other testing to see if there's scar tissue
Patient: There. See that's the thing. And she keeps telling me scar tissue, we don't know because in order for us to know we got to do surgery and she says you have a lot of underlying issues and I'm afraid it's gonna come back to what happened in [PHI-Personal] when everything backed up I wanted to stay with at that time it was [PHI-Geographic]. Uh, but they put it in front of the board and kept me in Monthly [PHI-Geographic] for two days and came back and said, Nope [PHI-Personal] created this problem. Ing will clean it up. I'm hoping since maybe up MC has come in that that won't happen. You never know.
Nurse: Uh [PHI-Personal] have they tried um ultrasound therapy for scar tissue?
Patient: No, I've had ultrasounds, but I've never even heard of ultrasound therapy for scar tissue.
Nurse: Yes, they do it at, they actually do it in physical therapy. Um It, it's not an ultrasound that you would like a, you know, take a picture with. Yeah, but it's an ultrasound machine. Same exact thing they put the gel on you, but it breaks up scar tissue.
Patient: That sounds good. Sounds better than where we're at now. I am continuing to lose weight too. I would thought that that would have helped this situation because it would be freeing up more room. But so far not,
Nurse: No, we still just
Patient: Have that mid stomach [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Let me see here. That's nothing. But I mean, you can stand there and grab it with your hand and you know, right where it's at, it's like a [PHI-Personal] in the front. I'm flat everywhere else. Then
Nurse: One second. Yes. Ultrasound. Yeah, it breaks up scar tissue caused by injuries or surgery. Scar tissue can cause pain and restrict joint movement. Ultrasound helps by using high frequency sound waves to break the fibers of the scar tissue down into smaller fragments. So, do you want me to send [PHI-Personal] a note and see if he can get you a referral for PT
Patient: That? Yeah, if we can get into that, then that would, I would say that would be awesome.
Nurse: Ok. For ultrasound therapy? I don't know, I didn't think of this sooner and I don't
Patient: Know, he's usually pretty picky about my weight and stuff.
Nurse: Um One second I had to close my door here. Sorry, she doesn't normally do that. It's
Patient: All right.
Nurse: Oh, let's see here. Scar tissue. Ok. So I'm gonna send [PHI-Personal] a note for that.
Patient: And, yeah. And you might wanna include, I have lost weight since I've seen him last. I'm down to 1 40 I was hoping that that would help the situation. But so far nothing.
Nurse: Ok. So you're down to 1 40. Yeah. Now, why are you losing so much weight?
Patient: Well, a lot of it's because it's summer time and it's hot and I can't eat in the heat. Ah, so, like I went there, I went from day to like, one. Um, no, but my normal body weight has always been about [PHI-Account].
Nurse: Right. Oh, ok. So, you're not like, you're not like to a point where you're like, oh, Lord, you're underweight.
Patient: Yeah. My scar tissue adds some weight. So, me, I've always run perfectly.
Nurse: I love you
Patient: [PHI-Account].
Nurse: But I love you for God's sake. Oh, why don't you just go to medical school for, for, you know what I mean? Well, you would, you would totally benefit and I totally, I have to
Patient: Be my own advocate and doctor for a, a long time. I mean, I had a disease where the, the common cur was. Um, you're, you know, you're a married woman with Children. You just, it's your nerves. We're gonna give you some Valium and you won't feel like you have to go pee anymore.
Nurse: Yeah.
Patient: Yeah, we did some years of that too until somebody came back and said, no, it's a disease. It's a condition and it's a bad one.
Nurse: Oh, my goodness.
Patient: But I was still the first, I'd say [PHI-Personal] years because I started presenting in age [PHI-Personal]. I was still being told that. Yeah.
Nurse: At the age of [PHI-Personal]. Well, you know what you thought is it a lot of things that, a lot of things have come such a long way? Mhm. But yet, uh they have it, well, that's what I mean.
Patient: Yeah, if, if we would have went in there probably at age [PHI-Personal] and my dad had the information that he's gotten over the years to be able to say, hey, all my sisters, their kids, we, we're drawing all different autoimmune diseases here, you know. So, and so's got this, this, this, they might have me down the, you know, it wasn't until I started to, you know, we had a definite diagnosis and then they started because they had to trace it to even give it a name. I can remember going down to [PHI-Personal] just to give them a vial of blood so they could get, gather all of us up that had this problem. Get a vial of blood, see what matches who see what, you know. Yeah. So I was in the ground floor and a lot of the ground floor treatments too
Nurse: Right now. Have you done out of curiosity. Have you done any clinical trials?
Patient: Um, no, I have not. Well, yeah, not recently. I mean, when I'd say about what was it? [PHI-Personal] when they first came out with the Whitmoyer regimen, I did that, um, through [PHI-Personal] down at her, she, she is, we call her the godmother of interstitial cystitis and doctor [PHI-Personal] the godfather because those two were the only two that ever wanted to do anything. And thankfully they were in my state. He's the [PHI-Personal] was the one that collected all of our blood and stuff. Um I started with Elmiron Bright as they more or less start hand in and out. Um because they weren't sure they were telling me it was like one of the first drugs that they kind of made to target. I see. And when they were, when they started me on, they said side effects, you could lose all your hair. You know, we don't, we don't know exactly what could happen here. So I uh that was one that I did and then the um instill they call it like the whitmoyer regimen was a bladder instill. I did that for years. Mhm
Nurse: So, so [PHI-Personal] receiving paperwork to fill out for, so you did that. But I wonder if there's, you know, like I have one patient. He um he goes to [PHI-Personal] for the condition that he has and he participates in the um you know, studies.
Patient: Well, that's the thing. Um, I was, I was back and forth out of Hershey, um, when they would start writing about things, I, I was one of the people that they looked at what was, you know, what happened when I started the regimen if, if we had good, a good turn out from it, if we didn't. And they wrote about that stuff when singer did my, um, first surgery, the urostomy bag that the, the nurse or the doctor all she cared about was getting a form, sign, a form stating that she could film rate and research or, and release all research from here until the end of the line for me. You know, I would have thought she, when I asked her, could I have a, you know, we still wanna have a child? Oh, yeah, you can have a child come to find out after I got pregnant. So we could not, uh, and she don't work at the hospital anymore. She, she wanted, she knew I was gonna say no and she didn't want me to say no. So, well,
Nurse: I mean, you've done a lot of research, you know what I mean? Like you've done like, you know, I remember the first time we talked and I was like, well, she knows everything about what she has, you know. Well, that's still, you know, still leslie, there are things that like, um, you know, there are things that, like, people aren't aware of like, you know, the ultrasound therapy for scar tissue. It, it helps tremendously. I mean, I personally had it done. I think they didn't call,
Patient: I think they didn't call what we were doing with Doctor [PHI-Personal] and Doctor [PHI-Personal] as clinical trials because we were so underfunded. Mhm. We could not get any funding for this. You know, it was, um, women get nervous. Well, there's men that have it too. Yeah. But [PHI-Personal]% are women. You know, it, it took a lot of years and a lot of fighting for funding. So I think that's probably why we didn't really have any clinical trials because I remember asking right off the drop and that saying, no, that's kind of not where we're at due to funding. But we have things as soon as they come available that if you're willing to try, we'll try on you. And I, and I always, I always took it up, you know, no matter what I'll try, I always try once.
Nurse: So I'm gonna let, I'm sending a note to [PHI-Personal] now. Um All right,
Patient: Then I kind of got to get ahead of the bet or ahead of things because as many points as I dropped this year all of a sudden on my uh kidney thing makes me nervous. Ok? What happens if I have to have dialysis and, and I ha I have to get there. I have to get back and step won't transport me because I'm not old enough to be transported by step. I'm not allowed to drive out of there. So, you know, it's kind of like you're trying to get things.
Nurse: I mean, [PHI-Personal], if it comes to a point where you have to find transportation, I, I will help you set all that up, I will, I will find a way hecker high waters to get you transportation. Like that's not even, you know, that's not even a question. There's so many different places now. Um, what county are you in again? Like? Ok, somebody said we
Patient: [PHI-Personal] did it or may still do it.
Nurse: I think it was dialysis.
Patient: Yes. I think it was back in [PHI-Personal]. My ex husband's friend, he was dating a girl with that that had to have dialysis done. He would take her on Saturday mornings. But then I, I remember asking him, you know, well, how she get there and back and he said we port cab [PHI-Personal]. So
Nurse: I know, I know people, I know people who are able to use the share ride program where they pick them up at home, they take them to dialysis and then they drop them off afterwards. Um, yeah, like people your age, you know what I mean? So I can look in that area for that too. I mean, because, you know, let's face it at some point. Uh, I mean, it's not only for dialysis but you may need a ride. Yeah, you know. The other,
Patient: The other thing too is, yeah, Cory. Cory helps me with stuff when he's around but this is me and me alone. My, not my mom, my dad's gone. You know, this is, I have to be looking and planning because it's all on me. Right.
Nurse: So, I can't think you need a day of rest, [PHI-Personal] help. I think you need a day of rest or a day away. Something. Yeah.
Patient: I just, it seems like every, this, this summer has been bad
Nurse: For a lot of people. It's
Patient: Like, ok, my kidney points drop that freaking far after not doing that for, you know, one or two points here and there over the years now, we're looking at this and this is like seven points away from stage four. And then I've got my body kind of hating me. I, one day, you know, I wake up and I don't have use of one hand and you just kind of hope that and I know my discs are moving but because I was just up to divine and we had to, um, do my, my stem for the first time in like four years because it used to be evenly down both legs and it had been the past year, it had gone all the way to the left. So I, we knew that there was some movement and, uh, because we had to even things out through the computer again
Nurse: Right now and I out of curiosity. E even though you have the stem, can you still use a brace?
Patient: Yes, I do have braces and I have to check, um, when I get home, [PHI-Personal] had gotten me braces through a [PHI-Personal] a couple years back, but I'm not sure they were hand. I'm not a ho, I know they were leg, but I'm not sure they were hand. So I know where they're at. When I get home. I'm gonna go through the box and see if I got hand ones in there because I, I mean for,
Nurse: I mean, for your back.
Patient: Oh, yeah, I can use back braces. Yeah, I have that. I got them with, um, with, uh, the leg ones that right. Ok. Yeah.
Nurse: All right. Yeah. So you may need, you may need hands, hand
Patient: Braces. Yeah. Th those are the only ones that I'm not sure about. Now his records might show that I have them. Like I said, I, I don't remember for sure. I just know where they're at and I can check.
Nurse: Mhm. Would you need for both hands? [PHI-Personal] or do you need for just the left?
Patient: I mean, it can happen with both hands, I imagine because it's spinal stenosis. But right now it's just the left and like I said, I've, I've rested it. But the other, when I went to hang my enema bottles on Saturday night, that was kind of a wake up. I just, I did it like I, I normally did. I wasn't thinking I put everything in the same hand that I usually do and the second that I got it in that hand it was like, ok, and I've seen how I have to twist my hand around to hang them up. So not only am I just lifting them up with that, we, I'm twisting my hand to hang them. So I, and I've been taking steps to give that a rest, you know. Yeah. And try and do things differently. So it's, you know, maybe less of stress
Nurse: On it right now. How about your prescriptions? Everything is good. Everything is good. All right. And you don't need, um, so you had the abdominal x-ray this month
Patient: And I mean, I've had this loss of feeling that's nothing new and it's gone between different fingers on different hands. But when I've had that loss of feeling, it's never affected me when I went to grab something to where I could definitely see, I can't lift a drink, you know, a drink to my mouth and tip it or I'm gonna lose it. Ok, unless I kind of twist my wrist around and do it that way and I don't wanna do that.
Nurse: Ok. How's your right hand? Right
Patient: Hand is fine?
Nurse: Ok. And what about like any kind of feeling down the arm or anything?
Patient: Still have all the feelings down my arm? All that's good. I can say though the left hand, I broke [PHI-Personal] bones in, in [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Oh my goodness, [PHI-Personal] a little
Patient: Yeah, airbag.
Nurse: I'm gonna wrap you in a bubble wrap soon.
Patient: I know
Nurse: I'm gonna wrap you in bubble wrap and that's gonna be that. All right. So um I sent [PHI-Personal] a note about the weight loss about a request for PT for ultrasound therapy for scar tissue that he's gonna be getting forms for to fill out for at home care. Um, and you know what my hope is [PHI-Personal] is that because [PHI-Personal] obviously feels that you need that. You know what I mean? Is that his notes or whatever he's gonna send in for you is gonna, is gonna have some type of an effect on a decision for you to get
Patient: And I can appeal and fight and appeal. It's just, oh, every time I've gone and I've tried, I look at what I make and, and it's one thing for me to not get approved but then to have people that deal with this stuff saying what do you mean? You don't make, you make too much money? That's what really gets me,
Nurse: You know? Right. I mean, it's, it's difficult, it's, you know, um it's so hard to explain because on a normal basis, uh depending upon where you're located. Once again, anybody with a disability is eligible for [PHI-Personal]. Um, but again, it depends on where you are, you know, how things, you know, how things go. Um, but I mean, I kind of do feel like that's something that should seriously be looked into because, I mean, so you have your [PHI-Personal] and you have your, um, what is the other insurance that you pay for? Your, um, my state farm? Yeah. Your state farm. Yeah, we were just talking about that. The other
Patient: 202 100 bucks a month isn't enough. But it, you know, it's, it's 50 bucks through the month to have somebody come and help me with a few things. Well, it won't be what I need down the road but, you know, you may
Nurse: Not, but you pay for the state farm.
Patient: Correct. Yeah, I pay 200 for that. You know, if they put me on a, I
Nurse: Wouldn't, you wouldn't have to. Right. Yeah. Right. Exactly. Exactly. All right. Well, let me see what I can do. [PHI-Personal]. I mean, I
Patient: Just wanted to get with you and let you know
Nurse: That. Yeah, I was actually gonna, I was gonna call you today anyway. Um,
Patient: I, I kinda, too, I'm taking advantage of the weight loss on the aspect of what she said that at the surgeon's office. We don't know for sure. Yes, you have weakness there. But we're not sure if it's because you have scar tissue, pushing on, on something or if something's collapsed. So, I was like, well, like, kind of take a few pounds off. Maybe it'll be less pressure and there'll be less, um, crowding in there. But right now, so,
Nurse: I mean, to, when you get ultrasound therapy, they'll be able to tell where you have scar tissue. Ok. You know what I mean? Like, uh, I mean, I, like I said, I personally have had ultrasound therapy for scar tissue to a point where I looked at the girl and I'm like, oh, maybe I should get one of these machines for home because I was like, this is fabulous. But, you know, personally speaking, I know that it works and like, I kind of feel like maybe it's something you're gonna benefit from. Yeah. So, you know, hopefully we can get [PHI-Personal] to do that. But like I said, not everyone
Patient: If we can, it'll break it up and I can poop on my own again.
Nurse: Yeah, but they may, that may not be the only place where you have tissue like you've had. Oh, yeah, I know. I know
Patient: I'm loaded with. Right. Yeah,
Nurse: I know, which also causes more pain.
Patient: Yeah. And you know, [PHI-Personal]. [PHI-Personal] said, you know, we, I just stick a zipper down the front of your stomach and he's right because we've been
Nurse: Absolutely. Yes,
Patient: Absolutely. But my goal right now is to
Nurse: God bless you, [PHI-Personal]. I,
Patient: I never thought I would have to worry about not being able to poop on my own.
Nurse: Well, hey, listen. Right. Uh You think to yourself, oh dear God, like is this you know, I mean, if that was your biggest problem, that's one thing. But you have so much going on with your body that, you know, it just adds to it. So I wasn't,
Patient: I wasn't kind in my body when I was young. I was a worker, I worked 80 to 100 hours a week because I try to take my mind off of my pain because there is no pain pill they could ever give you. That makes you feel like you don't have to pee short of putting you in a medically induced coma. You feel like you have to pee.
Nurse: Right. Exactly. Exactly. And you know, and when we're younger we all beat our bodies up with work. You know, that's why I had two knee replacements last year because I constantly always on my feet. You know what I mean? I've, we, I've, and when I waitressed, I waitressed, you know, I would work a breakfast and lunch and go home and take a shower, come back and work dinner. Like, you know, we put our bodies through it and we don't realize it. But until we get older but you
Patient: Young, you think you can do ever anything. And then you spend at [PHI-Personal] telling your nieces and nephews listen to me just like, just like my aunts and uncles used to say to me, listen to me, you need to slow down.
Nurse: So, uh you know, again, sent it to [PHI-Personal], I'm gonna put all the information in. Um, also gonna check into some other things for you and um, date of birth is [PHI-Personal]. Correct. Yep. Ok. And it's still 100 Park [PHI-Personal]. Apartment 21 1
Patient: 09. Park
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. [PHI-Account]. It is [PHI-Account] in my computer. I'm sorry. Um, and they're
Patient: Doing, they're supposed to be getting funding, they're gonna do a remodel and when they do that remodel, they are going to give me a different type of a bathtub. More handicap accessible. I don't think it'll be a tub anymore. It'll kind of like be a shower that I can walk in.
Nurse: Good with like a shower seat in it or
Patient: Something. But that's kind of what we're looking at.
Nurse: Good because, you know, you, you kind of have to um have accommodations to where you have less of a chance of falling too. Well, that's
Patient: It. The one thing that I was blessed with is the person that had the apartment before me, they had to get a door installed. So I still have the regular tub ban going across the bottom. I still have that, that's normal except right smack in the middle. They took the center out and they put a plastic door on and a step. So I step up, open the door and step down.
Nurse: Ok. Good. Good. All right. So as soon as I hear back from [PHI-Personal], I'll let you know. Ok. Um, so hopefully, hopefully [PHI-Personal], we get like, I'm trying to think of some other things that might help scar tissue. Like, do you do any kind of stretching or anything like
Patient: That? I do, I do stretch. Ok. I do. Well, I do, I, I think [PHI-Personal] calls and wall pushes is where you stand up against the wall and you put your arms out and, yeah, I do them a lot. OK? And I, if, when I'm up on my feet because I'm walking as soon as I get tight, I start stretching.
Nurse: Ok. Let me see here. See if I can find anything else. Let's see. Well, it says you can massage, break massage to break down scar tissue.
Patient: I'll have to start doing that. I mean, and I do sometimes just out of not thinking it, sometimes I'll have my hand there and my belly and I'll just start kind of grabbing at that belly [PHI-Personal] of scar tissue that I
Nurse: Have. Right. Yeah, it says, I mean, for the most part it says, um, massage a ST treatment is effective for internal scar tissue or adhesions.
Patient: So I could get my old stem out that with the suction pads on it and use that.
Nurse: Oh, let me see if that's ami mean, I would talk to, let me just see here. Let's see. No, it's different. OK? All right. It's different. But you can ask about it if, if he gives you the thing for therapy. They use more of a tool for OK. So like they feel around uh where the scar tissue is and they use, they use different tools. So it's not e is electrical stimulation. So is where they use tools and they perform it that way. Um Which, oh I have also had that done. Um just that wasn't what the girl called it, but I've also had that done to break up things which was also effective. So um you can definitely ask about that at therapy but I don't see where I don't see like where you can do it at home. Um I see that they do it in therapy so you know but you could try some you could try some massage um you know in the meantime you can try some massage to break up and just you know go around like with your thumbs you know wherever you feel like those hard areas. Yeah
Patient: I usually use my thumb the most hold on to the bottom of my scar tissue stand there and rub it with my thumb
Nurse: Right? And you can do that all around I mean I the more you do it, the more it's gonna break up even though your scar tissue is pretty old, you know what I'm saying? So you know the more you do that the more it's gonna break up. So. All right but then um we'll see what Ron says too. Ok. Alright ma'am. And I will. You're very welcome and I'll call you when I hear back from Ron. Alright. Thanks. Bye bye. You're welcome. Have a good one. You too, thanks.
