Nurse: All right. Well, I'm sending a message to Doctor [PHI-Personal] right now because he had messaged me. Well, I had requested that Paxlovid on Satur or on Friday. He got back to me, but I was already gone for the day. But he, yeah, he
Patient: Called here, he called here. I didn't get his message but I didn't talk to him and told me that he authorized it.
Nurse: Um, ok, so let me send this off to him.
Patient: Uh, is there any place carry of that, you know, of other than the hospital? To get IV nutrition. I mean, that, I know that's, uh, my problem, I never got, get like this, you know, this is very, very, uh, but it happened, uh, in [PHI-Personal] because I wasn't able to eat and drink either and I just go, since I'm so thin, you know, I, I can't afford to lose any more weight.
Nurse: Um, I don't know because I don't think convenient care centers do ivs. Um, I think really the only place would be, that would be the e, the
Patient: Hospital. Yeah. Well,
Nurse: Well, let me, I sent him a message. Let me see what he said. He might,
Patient: I, I did test positive yet. You did. I took the COVID test this morning again and it's still positive and, you know, my BP is like 88/63 and my, yes,
Nurse: That is. Hold on. Let me add that to that because I didn't realize that. All right. Let me add that to your message.
Patient: And it's been crazy low all weekend. I think it was one time it was 60 some, over 53 or something. It was, it's crazy. Um, my oxygen level is 99 now. So I was happy to see that.
Nurse: Good. That's a good thing. Any shortness of
Patient: Breath? No. Huh. It's just the weakness. Oh, shoot the weakness. Oh, my gosh. Yes, I was, went in to get a shower. I had to come out and flop in the bed. I didn't get wet.
Nurse: Ok. Well, I, I sent that to him priority that way. He knows to look at it. Ok.
Patient: Um, ok. Well, that's it. I, I'm sure nobody wants to see me being testing positive for this, you know, for the COVID this morning. Yeah. Um,
Nurse: He didn't say anything about any of your other medications, like, whether you can or can't take, like, your levothyroxine or your pantoprazole. He didn't. No,
Patient: He, no, he did not. No, I'm not taking anything. Right. Well, no, I took my, uh, my, uh, levothyroxine last night and I took two. I did take two of the, uh, uh, Protonix yesterday morning and night because I have a real problem, you know, with the vomiting and everything. I have acid reflux.
Nurse: Ok. All right. Well, um, I did go ahead and, like I said, I sent that message out to him. Um, we'll see what he says, but I'm going to guess that he's probably gonna want you to get checked out.
Patient: So, ok,
Nurse: We'll see what he says.
Patient: But, oh, my, I, I, my veins aren't healed from the last time. Uh, how,
Nurse: How's your husband doing? Is he
Patient: Better? He is to him. But wouldn't you say you're much better? Yes. He, that, that medicine is really working for him and then as soon as he started taking it, it started breaking up the phlegm on his chest. Yeah, because he, our biggest, my biggest symptom of that was uh, the cough, I mean, but his was much worse than mine. And, uh, I mean, I'm hardly coughing at all now. But, uh, but once III, I don't know, I asked them about side effects of the medication and, uh, I ceilings grow and they mentioned diarrhea and the other thing I've been very dizzy. Uh, well, that's probably from your BP. Oh, ok. Ok. Ok. Well, I'll, I'll let you go and I really I I appreciate you so much. Oh of
Nurse: Course. Um as soon as he gets back to me, he should, he's probably in with a patient right now but as soon as he comes out, he'll see I send him a message as soon as I hear back from him, I'll call you.
Patient: Ok. Very good thank you. Alright, I'll talk with you soon. Ok, bye bye bye.
