Nurse: Excellent. Yes, I did see that. And so I am glad to speak with you today, even though you just saw doctor yesterday, I'll start off with um, our routine part of the call where doctor does like us to get out your [PHI-Account] care plan, which has your wellness goals in it. Your wellness goals are your health objectives that doctor lets you to accomplish in the calendar year. So, are you currently still residing at 401, Bonny Mead Avenue, Harrisburg. Yes. Mailing address. [PHI-Account]. Yes. Excellent. Your insurance Medicare and Capital [PHI-Personal] has that changed since last year? No, same ID numbers. Yes. Excellent. All right. So the care plan will go out in the mail. It's snail mail, meaning regular old US mail and in your area, I find it takes quite a while. So you'll probably get that in about two weeks. Now, let me open up your record here. So the care plan is just a general guideline reminding you of healthcare objectives that the doctor wants you to accomplish in [PHI-Account]. It's not written in stone, but for instance, your annual Medicare visit was last [PHI-Personal]. So it's the reminder to have it scheduled for this coming [PHI-Personal], right. It's your annual Medicare visit. The doctor will also do your um fall risk assessment, your depression screening BP screening, uh your cholesterol. She checks that every year. It was done last [PHI-Personal]. It'll be done again this [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Uh flu shot, you've already addressed that you declined that. So we want the healthcare objectives to be realistic. So I won't put flu vaccine on there. That was already discussed and you're declining at this point. So again, we want to make it realistic and it's a general guide again, not written in stone as you can imagine that annual Medicare visit, you might schedule it a week or two early or a few weeks later. So it's again a general guideline and this is where I need your opinion in [PHI-Account]. Are you planning on following up with any providers other than doctor, for instance, are you planning on going to the eye doctor? Yes, great. Do you see a Gyn? No,
Patient: [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Yes. Any other specialty providers, pain management. Any other doctors planning on for [PHI-Account]
Patient: Dermatologist for our yearly mole check? Good.
Nurse: Excellent, great. All right. So the wellness goals will go out via snail mail and it'll be a letter. Don't want you to think it's an early June birthday card. It's the [PHI-Account] Wellness goals. All right. And then, um, I see that the doctor adjusted one of your BP medicines. Let me open that up. I want to say it was the Losartan. And did you have any questions about yesterday's appointment?
Patient: I did not, I do not.
Nurse: Great. So, it's comfortable in your mind that you're taking the two tablets of your 25 mg Losartan and the doctor did send a new prescription in. Right. Yes. Excellent. Calcium. She was encouraging you to get more calcium from your diet and also to take a supplement somewhere between 812 100 mg daily.
Patient: Got it.
Nurse: Yep. Excellent. Have you started the calcium?
Patient: Oh, yes, that was a while back. Yes.
Nurse: Oh, good. Excellent. I can put that on your medication list then. Do you know, um, the actual dosage of your calcium? Uh, I
Patient: Think it's [PHI-Account]. Yeah, I think [PHI-Account]. Great.
Nurse: And you're taking one daily.
Patient: Um, almost daily. Not quite that many. All right. No, I'm sorry. It's 600. It's 600. Not eight.
Nurse: Great. I'll add that to your medication list. So that way that's up to date there and the doctor realizes you are, um, taking it great. And then the referral to doctor [PHI-Personal] neurosurgery and then also to doctor is, did you know of those doctor's names? Did you want their phone number in case they don't call you in a timely manner to schedule?
Patient: No, I can wait. It's, it's not an emergency and yes, I've already been to the one before.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, good. So, be aware that both of those providers should be calling you in the next week to schedule. If they don't call you in the next week to schedule, please be your own advocate and either reach out to them to schedule the appointment or you can call me. I'll give him a buzz and the ple pleasant, I can't talk this morning and the pleasant reminder that they need to schedule you. Ok. Very good. All right. And do you have your scheduled appointment for your follow up BP check and fasting lab work? Yes. Excellent. Uh, let's see here. I have down [PHI-Personal] at 9 a.m. Is that what you have? Yes, great. Now, BP. Are you doing any home BP monitoring
Patient: Once in a while? Not, not a lot. No.
Nurse: Ok. So we do encourage you to do it as often as you can. We totally understand your busy schedule. Find a time where it's good for you. Whether it's the same day every week or just randomly and keep a log because any BP readings you do, especially since the doctor is adjusting your Losartan, it's beneficial because even though you'll do the follow up BP check, you know how it is. When you walk into the office, you're hurrying out of the car. You see the white coats and the BP is not as accurate as if you were doing it in your own relaxed home atmosphere. So your BP machine do you have, if you have any doubts of its accuracy, you can bring it with you to that BP check, follow up appointment and they'll check your machine against those.
Patient: Ok. Yes, I take it in once before, but I'll take it in again just to make sure.
Nurse: Great. So that way you're comfortable that your readings at home are accurate when you do check your BP, keep a log. So that way you can bring that to the next appointment. And also are you aware that a full bladder is gonna give you a falsely high BP reading?
Patient: I think you mentioned that before. Yes. Yeah. Good.
Nurse: So keep that in mind and you don't want to check your BP within a half an hour of drinking caffeine eating or exercising. So a lot of people will get up in the morning, go to the bathroom, sit down at their kitchen or dining room table. And chill for a few minutes. Put their arm on the table. So it's well supported. Get their reading. Wait another minute, let the machine cycle again because a lot of times that first reading is a little high. Second one's better record both readings. And if you're consistently above 1 40/90 give us a buzz on the low side. If you're consistently under 100/60 or don't like the way you're feeling, reach on out. Ok. Now, [PHI-Personal], I just did a lot of talking. What is your, um, take away from this conversation,
Patient: Uh, that we're just keeping up to date with stuff.
Nurse: Yes, I'm gonna send you your annual Medicare letter. It's just a general guideline if you have any questions about it. Give me a call. You said you had a good appointment yesterday and you're aware that you're increasing your Losartan to 50 mg daily, take two of your 25 until you get your new prescription. You told me about the calcium, you told me you're laid back about your new referrals. I encouraged you if they don't call in a week for you to call them or you can call me and I'll put a little fire under them and get them to call you and you know about your follow up BP appointment and labs. I've encouraged you to do a little home BP monitoring and keep that log call. If you don't miss your readings great. All right, [PHI-Personal] now [PHI-Personal]. His address. Is it the same? Yes, great. His insurance, did it change for [PHI-Account]? No,
Patient: Everything's the same.
Nurse: Great. Do you have any health care questions or concerns about him?
Patient: Nope, he's, he's doing good.
Nurse: Great. His last appointment seemed to be pretty good. Did he have any questions or concerns after coming out of that appointment? No. Great. And switching my computer there. Um Oh, he received a vaccine at his appointment. TDAP. Uh Did he have any bad side effects? Sore arm? Any problems after that?
Patient: He did not? No
Nurse: Good. Excellent. Yes, we hate any side effects from vaccines. So that's good to know his medicines. Uh Are they causing him any problems? Side effects questions concerns.
Patient: Uh Not right now. No, we're pretty clear on everything that's going on there.
Nurse: Great. So he's taking everything as prescribed without issue, correct? Great. And he's not into the office to see doctor until [PHI-Personal]. Do you need that exact date or is his calendar marked?
Patient: Calendar is marked?
Nurse: Excellent. You guys are excellent. And it looks like his nasal spray was discontinued at last office appointment. Any problems since he stopped that?
Patient: No, he's he, he he was prescribed that to correct a drippy nose but it didn't work.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah,
Patient: So he just discontinued it. Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. Great. Making sure no problems there. Excellent. And for his care plan letter, same thing as yours. Is he planning on following up with anybody other than primary doctor. Like, is he gonna go to cardiology? Yes. Great. Eye doctor. Yes. Dentist. Yes. Any other specialty providers like urology?
Patient: No. Dermatologist.
Nurse: There we go. Excellent. All righty, great. And since we're on the topic of dermatology, does dermatology. When you go coach you on doing your own monthly skin exams.
Patient: Uh, yes.
Nurse: Mhm. Good. Did they ever tell you about the ugly duck ru, um, rule?
Patient: I'm not sure. Maybe they called it something else. What is
Nurse: It like? You know how the ugly duckling is the one that's known to be standing out of the crowd. He looks different than all of his other duckling brothers and sisters. Yeah. That's exactly what they're talking about. Any type of skin area. If it doesn't look like an other things, that's a red flag. If you have any type of moles that are changing, growing, bleeding look different, have newly surfaced, make sure you bring it to the attention of the dermatologist and if any of these things are happening and you're not anywhere near due for an appointment you call and schedule an extra appointment. Does Melanoma run in your family either of you at all?
Patient: Not that I'm aware of.
Nurse: Good. Excellent. So, it's just important for you to do self skin exams even though you go to the dermatologist regularly know your own body and some people are like, did this change or didn't it? And that's the beauty of cell phones, take a picture of it if you're not sure if it's changing or not. And that way when you go to Relook at it again in a few weeks, um, you know, if there's been changes and that applies for any mold, blemish freckle, any marks, skin tags, anything on your body, get to know it if it's changing. Reach on out. Ok. Very good. Great. Will you share those tips with [PHI-Personal] for me? I will. Great. Well, I better not talk your ear off. I talk any longer. I'm gonna make you miss [PHI-Personal],
Patient: But in general that time yet very much, you have a good day. Now. You too
Nurse: And please reach out if you do have any questions or concerns before I reach out to you again in the future.
Patient: Very well. Thank you. Thank
Nurse: You for making time. Bye [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Bye bye.
