Nurse: The hydrochlorothiazide.
Patient: Yes. And he had me cut it in half and he wanted me to call this morning. Have you were out and, um, get in touch with him? I was supposed to go over the, uh, my readings, you know, with you and, but they have remained the same, you know, in that same line. Do you want me to repeat them to you or do,
Nurse: Let me actually let me see if I can pull you up. Hang on. Yeah. Ok. Did you take them on our monitor? The remote? Uh,
Patient: Yes. Yes. Yes. Ok. You probably have them there.
Nurse: Probably let me take a gander here. Ok. Yes, I do see them. I see them from the last couple of day. Well, the, you're so good, you take it every day. What
Patient: A good patient. Sorry,
Nurse: I love it. Ok. So it's actually a little higher than it was, um, like three days ago. So that's good. Um, you're not dipping down in the fifties anymore.
Patient: No, no, we discussed that with, uh, I discussed that with him and he was relieved to find out I had picked up this bug and I was having diarrhea like crazy. I couldn't, I couldn't eat. Yeah, that'll do it. Everything I cracker even just went right through me. So I lost eight lbs. That was a good thing about it. Like, talk about
Nurse: A clean.
Patient: Yes. I, I could have took a colonoscopy. I love that kind of diet. Oh God. Yeah. Yeah. And it took me, um, a while before I could even start, you know, eating soup or anything. And in my strength. So when I saw him it had been about a couple weeks up. So when I told him about that he kinda, you know, because I told him I got scared because it got so low. And, uh, but anyway, right now it seems to be running, I think it ran around 1 20 I think in the office. But 1 11, like this morning, [PHI-Personal], yesterday, 1 16, course over [PHI-Personal] uh, time, my lower number I think is something I'm a little concerned. But, um, I feel good. In fact, since my illness and I have felt, uh, so much better. Iii I got my strength back, you know? Right.
Nurse: Right. Well, make sure that you're still doing lots of fluids just to kind of regain that hydration
Patient: That he had me have that. And so I've been cutting it because I had a field cutter. He says, I'm not gonna order you the half of this because I want you to get off of this. I think this would be good because I have a problem. I've never been one to drink a lot of fluids. I don't know, maybe it's just in my making. But, um, since I have, just, since I've seen him, I have felt so much better and, uh, more energy seems like for some reason. So I, uh, anyway, he, he, I think what his plan was. I was supposed to call you. If it was the same, then just drop it all together. He didn't even order me the half dosage. He says because I want to get you off of this if you continue to have, you know, the same kind of readings. Uh, the other pill in question is the [PHI-Personal]. I pronounce it, Rosin. But now it may. Yeah. Yeah, that he, because my cholesterol was very good. Uh, he wanted me to have that, which I'm doing, but he did order me that to the VA pharmacy. I haven't got it. In fact, I thought I would get on there and see, uh, where it's at or if they placed it or wait for me to, but he put it in so I'm sure it's probably on its way or will be sent. Meantime, I was sent to
Nurse: The VA Yeah. OK. So I would say, did he? So in his note, I'm like, I'm reading his note while you're telling me this and it looks like he isn't wanting you to stop that hydrochlorothiazide altogether. But continue doing the half. Uh Really? Yeah, from what he said, it just says decreased hydrochlorothiazide to 12.5 mg.
Patient: Yeah. And that was what he told me Monday but he says I really wanna get you off but I don't wanna do it all at once. So it, and then you call [PHI-Personal] first thing Monday morning. I want to know if it stays the same. In other words, if it had gone up with then, but I had to question whether to take me off of it. And uh so I, and so the plan was that if it was the same, you can give him back the numbers I've got, do you have the same numbers I have like I do for a week. He, I didn't know the uh I have a week. I can give it to you right now.
Nurse: I have the, I, the last numbers that I sent to him ended on the 26th and I have all the way from the 27th to today. So I can, as long as you were just taking it once a day, then I have all of them. So I can do. Yeah, it was
Patient: [PHI-Account]. Yeah. And today was 1 11/62. So um so I it stayed the same so I'm thinking that I can just drop it. Mhm. And see if it continues so.
Nurse: Ok then I will
Patient: Say I was on the wrong page. It was I was gonna say 16/60. Ok, I
Nurse: Was gonna say I see it as 1 16/60
Patient: 1 14. Yeah that was uh that was Saturday. Ok. 1 14 over ok we're
Nurse: On the same page now. Yeah, I'm
Patient: Sorry but anyway that's what my answer. I think that was the reason for my call today was to let him know that it had not gone up and that I could drop the other half. Got it go without it. So and I
Nurse: Think it, I mean it looks great altogether. Your blood pressures are much better and you're feeling better. So I'm
Patient: Feeling so much better. I uh it's like night and day my kids, my grand, my great grandkids if you
Nurse: Say they're like, oh my gosh, you're so energetic.
Patient: Yeah, I'm still alive again. I'm real, I'm back to being grandma the one.
Nurse: Well, that's awesome. So, I will, I'll update him, I'll send him a message today and just kind of let him know where we're at and then I would keep, just keep taking it right now and I would say, right, do you usually take them in the morning or at night?
Patient: I take it in the morning because it's you know, so.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, you don't wanna be peeing throughout the night, that's for sure. Ok, so then I will um if I don't hear back from him today, which would be shocking if I heard back from him today, but um if I don't hear back from him today, then expect me to hear back from him tomorrow. So if I hear early or you can call me earlier or [PHI-Personal], I think [PHI-Personal] is gonna be back tomorrow so you can call her early in the morning and um, before you take your pill and then just kind of because you can take it late if you have to end up taking it to.
Patient: I really don't really even think I need it. I really probably not but I have but yeah, so I will uh
Nurse: So definitely like hold on taking it and then we can reassess if I don't hear back from him. Not sure, but yeah, I'll send him all this information and um I think [PHI-Personal] will be back tomorrow, so she'll probably follow up with you on that, but I'll definitely send this information his way.
Patient: Ok? I appreciate it. Thank
Nurse: Well, thanks for reaching out and I will let you know if I hear anything. Ok? I will
Patient: Indeed. Thank
Nurse: You. No problem. Take care. Bye bye.
