Nurse: Ok. All right. So, um, your neck, your neck is bothering you, you said
Patient: Right? Like it used to before the CeleBREX? Oh, ok.
Nurse: Um, let's see. How bad is the pain right now, if you had to rate it on that scale, 1 to 10,
Patient: I'd say like a 5.5. It kept me up all night and I don't wanna keep taking Tylenol. Yeah.
Nurse: Now the CeleBREX, you did not want to take the CeleBREX, right? Is that, that's what we talked about last time, right?
Patient: Because of the side effects with the may cause heart attack. There's so many lawsuits with that and the stroke. So,
Nurse: Yeah, I remember talking about that. Ok. Yeah. Um, so you want me to ask him if there's anything else he might recommend as far as that goes? Right. What about that? Medica? I know there's a medication called, um, Naproxen that he'll sometimes prescribe. Um, and it's basically, I don't know if, have you ever taken that before? I don't think so. Ok. I mean, it's basically like, kind of like an Aleve that's over the counter but it's, you know, a little bit higher dosage. So, it's, it's, it's in that class of medications, um, and it's usually pretty well tolerated and, and helps bring down the inflammation and pain that, you know, you may be having. Ok. And
Patient: That, I, I think my mother took that. That's been on, uh, that's been on, like, that's been around a long time, hasn't it? Yeah.
Nurse: That, that's an, that's a pretty old medication that, you know, yeah, they use for inflammation and pain and stuff like that. Um, the only thing that they say, of course, it's not something that you want to stay on for a long time because of course it does have some side effects, like, like anything else where if you take a lot of it, it could, um, you know, maybe affect your stomach or, um,
Patient: You need anything else. Yeah.
Nurse: Um, but it's, you know, if you just use it here and there when you have flare ups of pain, um, you know, it should be fine. Um, but I can ask him, you know, definitely ask him if he would prescribe that or anything else that he might recommend that would be, you know, more on the uh a safer option for you as opposed to the CeleBREX.
Patient: Um I think my mother was on that. She
Nurse: Was, yeah. Now is your pain is it going down into your arms or is it basically?
Patient: No, no it's just around there like just around in my neck and then my collarbone you know the tip of it and then a little bit uh mm a little bit down my spine.
Nurse: Ok. And the Tylenol is not doing much for you. Not at all. No. Ok. Have you ever tried the um arthritis strength or is that what you take? That's
Patient: What I take. Yeah.
Nurse: Oh ok. Ok. I was gonna say I find that one works a little bit better but if that one's not working for you um well let me get a message over to him because I know he leaves at uh 12 most days. So I will send him a message see what he recommends for you and then once he responds back to me, I'll give you a call back. Ok? Thank you very much. Alright. You're welcome. Bye bye bye bye.
