Nurse: Ok. Well, did she tell you that there's a case worker coming today?
Patient: Uh, she mentioned it Yeah, my
Nurse: Social worker, somebody, yeah. So I had asked the office yesterday, I sent him a message asking if there was any type of emergent, you know, any resources that offered to urgent care for the her situation. And so in that event, somebody's coming out this afternoon at two. So I'm gonna call her later today just to check in and see how everything went.
Patient: Yeah. Um a family member uh approached me uh, this morning and her family feels like she's not doing as much as she can do.
Nurse: No, I mean, no, you mean independently? I mean, we just have very dependent. Yeah. Yeah.
Patient: No, you're extremely dependent. Ok. And the family feel the same way. And so what I did was this talk about intervention. I went over, I set her up, got everything done, went up to the meat market and got her vegetable soup, put that in the freezer. You wouldn't believe all the stuff I did this morning, got her all set up and then told her I had the, um, the, uh, kids today and so I have to go cook. So I'll be cooking all day. That's why I told her. I said now, don't think you're alone because you're not, if you get in trouble, pick up the phone and call me. Right. But, uh, what I'm not gonna do is I'm not going over there unless she calls me.
Nurse: Yeah, that's good. I mean, she is very capable of doing what she needs. I understand she's in pain but carpal tunnel surgery, it's not debilitating.
Patient: Well, and she, um, can't pull up her pants on the, uh, her underwear. She pulls em up on the one side and can't pull them up on the other. You know, why don't you? I doesn't reach long enough to get over to the other side.
Nurse: Yeah. Can she not use that hand at
Patient: All? She's not using it. She's still putting it on a pillow. Yeah, she needs, and she's complaining that it hurt and yesterday she complained that it hurt all the way down to her elbow. I wasn't as concerned about that as I was concerned about those red marks that are starting to appear
Nurse: On. Is that because she's not getting up and moving around or is it because she's sitting in a brief?
Patient: Well, it's part of it is a lot of it is that she's not getting up and moving around. Uh, she's not driving, she's not doing any of the things she did before. I think she's got the idea that she wants me to come and do her laundry tomorrow. Yeah. And I don't think that I've got the idea that I should.
Nurse: No. No, no, no. Um, I don't know. I think family member
Patient: Said that, that this was, uh, this happened before when she had the leukemia. They had, she was in a nursing home.
Nurse: That's probably the best place for her
Patient: Pardon?
Nurse: I said that's probably the best place for her.
Patient: Yeah. I, this lady does belong in a nursing home because
Nurse: Of her dependency and because, you know, she just, she has a lot of anxiety about having to take care of herself. At least there she would have her body. Yes. Her meals would be taken care of. She'd be showered. She,
Patient: Yeah. Yeah, I cleaned her. Yeah, I bathed her yesterday though. Know that I'm not letting her just deteriorate.
Nurse: No. No, no, no, absolutely not. I'm just saying long term. That would be the best. It's
Patient: The best. Yeah, it is best as soon as possible. If not today, then tomorrow, I mean, it, because this is not good.
Nurse: No, I'm curious to see. I know and I'm curious to see how this, I just wonder is there anybody who would be able to be over there with her while that social worker's there?
Patient: Oh, I am capable of being over there with her while that social worker there. Yes, I can turn the stove off and go ahead and sit if you want me there.
Nurse: But I don't wanna incon, yeah, she's supposed to be there too and I don't wanna inconvenient you but I just feel that maybe a, you know how I wanna put it, she just needs an extra set of ears because she just does. She wasn't able to tell me anything from the last social worker that was there. She couldn't remember anything he said.
Patient: I know that. Yeah.
Nurse: So I just, you know, you being a professional, being a nurse, you're gonna be able to explain to them. Listen, this is what the situation is.
Patient: Yeah. You know, I sit in front of carry that helps that it'll help the con. But,
Nurse: Yeah, and that'll help them to kind of know which way they need to go as far as resources, you know, and, and then they can see, you know, the severity of the situation and she is in a severe situation because she
Patient: Can't take care of herself because she can or won't, one or the other, the family thinks that she won't. What I'm saying is, I don't know because I am a nurse and I, and we, none of us have a right to judge somebody else's pain. We
Nurse: Don't, you're exactly
Patient: Right. So, I can't say she's not in pain if she says she's in pain. But, you know, it's like, yeah, uh, she's not doing for herself either. She's not capable, she doesn't want to or whatever. Um, but at any rate, you know, it's like, hey, [PHI-Personal], I'm exhausted.
Nurse: I'm sure you are. I, I guarantee you,
Patient: It's like I'm running through here and there and, yeah, nothing else gets done in between.
Nurse: No, I don't know how much of a blessing you are to
Patient: Those things. I'm just trying to keep her alive until you can get further intervention here. Yeah. And that's basically what I'm doing. But like I said, today I'm not going over unless she calls.
Nurse: Um, yeah. No, I don't blame you. I mean, I
Patient: Know I've set up everything. I mean, everything even unscrewed the caps on her water bottles. That's how much I've done. I've done everything. So she's all set up. Uh, I filled up her diet, um, ice tea thing, uh, with diet ice tea and set it up. II, I got her coffee. I, you know, made sure she had breakfast and everything
Nurse: Good. That's
Patient: Perfect. So she's all set up for the day. Now, let's see what happens. But if you want me to go over, somebody's gonna have to tell me when she's there.
Nurse: Yeah, she's supposed to be there at two. That was the, the appointment was set up for two
Patient: O'clock. Ok. Then I'll go over and sit in for you and then just call you afterwards and give you the feedback.
Nurse: That would be awesome. I would so greatly appreciate that
Patient: And that we can do.
Nurse: Ok. Now, how are you feeling since being off
Patient: The antibiotics? Hey, I'm exhausted. I was up and [PHI-Personal] at six this morning got [PHI-Personal] breakfast cooked and everything and then I had to start and go over to the top star to get, um, her coffee for the, for morning and, um, her milk, um, because she only gets milk at Top Star and, um, then run up to, and, and get her uh soup that she had them make and then run back to her and get her all prepped and ready and, and tell her. Now, remember I have the [PHI-Personal] today so I won't be over. Right. OK. So that's what I did.
Nurse: OK. Do you feel your, so you were battling that sinus infection? How are you doing with that? Is it improved or you still having? It's, it's
Patient: OK. It's OK. I have an infrequent sore throat from it. It's probably, I didn't take the, um, uh Doxycycline long enough. But you know what? Um, I'm, I'm, I'm gargling and stuff. So, and how's your back going?
Nurse: How's your ear, ear and head pain?
Patient: My head pain is gone. The Doxycycline took care of it. That really was an infection. A whopper. Oh, yeah, I, yeah, I guess I must have gotten it from the smoke that came through because I got it then and now it's gone and it isn't back. I never had it before.
Nurse: Any cough. No. Ok. Shortness
Patient: Of breath. No, not, not, not noticeably. Uh, uh I mean, I've been walking back and forth to [PHI-Personal] house. Um, 234 times a day.
Nurse: Uh, and you said you didn't finish your Doxycycline?
Patient: No, I finished it. I said I didn't take it long enough. In other words, you finished up before the infection was completely over and I'm just hoping my body will take, uh, take the rest and that's the way we'll do it to unless something comes up. But I've had a guess what, I've had a re, um, a rebound infection, um, on my, with my, um, topical eczema and you know what that is, don't? Yeah. Yeah, it's stress. Mhm. But there's nothing we can do about it until after this situation with, uh, accounting gets resolved. There's nothing, no point in trying to do something about it. I mean, the lady's major stress and she's very dependent.
Nurse: Yeah. Well, I'm hoping, I'm just hoping for good things today, you know, let's hope for good, good things are gonna, yes, they're gonna come out of this. Ok.
Patient: I'll run over it too and um I would hope she park in the front of the house but I doubt it. Uh I'll run over it too anyway and um and let her know that um her nurse said that uh I should attend um because um I can remember the details and stuff and fill her in.
Nurse: Yeah, and she gave, yeah, and she gave me um, gave me permission yesterday to talk to you. So there should be a violation with that. Yeah. So
Patient: We're, yeah, there is no violation that I can see because we're only doing patient care. Right. Right. We're both highly skilled professionals. Yes. So it's no problem with that. Um ok, perfect. So I'll do that then I'll call you later.
Nurse: That's fine. I'm here until 5 30 today. So you can call me up until then.
Patient: Ok, thanks.
Nurse: Ok, thanks so much. Take
Patient: Care. You too. Bye bye.
Nurse: Thanks. Bye bye.
