Nurse: Very good. I, I don't know if you heard my message or not but, um, the doctor, I, I explained the situation about, you know, how you had been in the hospital and what happened and, um, that you were in [PHI-Geographic] a little ways away and, uh, it
Patient: Would, and that be hard. She don't do it and she's not going to, she can't do it.
Nurse: Yeah. She, she actually was recommending that you follow up with your cardiologist. Um, instead since it was something I don't even have a
Patient: Cardiologist here in [PHI-Geographic], so I have to call doctor.
Nurse: Yeah, I think so. Um, it definitely, you know, I know that it's, it's a long trip for you but it is important. Yeah. Yeah. But
Patient: The problem is I'm thinking about right now I'm in school too so I cannot take any more day off. So, so,
Nurse: Well, if you go to the hospital again you're gonna,
Patient: I know. And that, and that was what, and, yeah, that's what happened. That's exactly what happened. That I missed. Uh, actually I've only missed two days, Monday and Tuesday, but those are very important days. Tuesday, Monday was finish up the project and Tuesday is, was our qu so, yeah, so, yeah, I got, I wanna ask you a question. Ok. And now you know about my situation? Ok, I want, um, I wanna spend a couple of minutes, uh, a couple of hours at Universal. I'm heading over there right now. I presume the doctor don't want me to ride a roller coaster because of my health. Right.
Nurse: Yeah, I think that those riding roller coasters doing any kind of rides or even any sort, that's a lot of walking too. And I think with, well,
Patient: Here's the thing, here's the thing. I'm ok. I've been breathing normally. So, and I do have my medicine with me in case something does happen. I even have my ni and baby [PHI-Personal], so I do have that. So. Bye. Well, I,
Nurse: I don't think that that's a very good idea, you know, not even mostly because of the roller coasters but because of all the walking that you have to do at Universal, you know, that's, it's a big place and you got to do a lot of walking. Um, I really think that it, it would be super important for you to see doctor. Um, I, I know that that's very difficult for you to arrange right now, but something is obviously wrong that they need to fix. Um, you know, that's, it's going to the hospital and stuff is really just like a band aid until you can follow up and get more detailed testing and medication change from
Patient: That. Don't you read the, the report of the catheter? Do you have the result of the catheter?
Nurse: Uh, no, I, I couldn't read the report. Um, it, it doesn't allow me
Patient: To pretty much, let me explain what happened. The doctor came in and he said m every, the artery looked, ok, my left artery looked, ok. The stent look little bit like might mean a little, uh, repair to it because, and I think that's why I couldn't breathe except this one with the stent. So, um, but he told me to, to go meet a cardiologist, the only, only cardiologist I trust is the one in Tampa. They say if you can get out in Tampa and meet him and I'm like, well, I got school to do and, and everything he, and he's like, pretty much your school can wait. I'm like, no, I can't. And I already got in trouble. They're about to put me on probation. That's not good because if I miss, you, see, if I miss any more days, it can kick me out
Nurse: For missing two days.
Patient: No more. No, it's the rule is if I make more than 80% of my co that's why they are really concerned about it. Like today I was supposed to work but they told me to go home. So, uh, so I'm like, ok, what did you schedule me then? And I missed a whole day of school that does count against and s it because I wasn't there. So, and I already have three days already. So I already catch up on the last two days and now I have to catch up again on Monday. So, yeah. Well, I'm
Nurse: Saying, I definitely see what you're saying and, you know, I've been there before too, you know, when I was going to school, they were very strict about that too and I very much understand, you know, your concern with that, but definitely if they're saying that there is a problem with the stent, then this is going to happen again. And so either way you're going to miss more school either because you're in the hospital because you had another event like this or because you're going back to see the doctor, we gotta get that fixed, you know, and I, I am really sorry, I know that interrupts your progress. But, um, maybe, um, if you can get a note from the doctor
Patient: That doesn't count, that won't count. But here's, here's what I'm gonna do, I'm gonna talk to the school and see if I can do online classes. I can, if I can do online classes, I can go to Tampa do the classes. So. Ok. Um, I'm gonna call you later. Ok.
Nurse: Ok. Well, yeah, just take care and try not to exert yourself too much over the weekend. Ok. And um we'll follow up next week and see where everything's at. Ok. Ok, bye. Alright, bye, thanks.
