Nurse: Ok. Yes, I was calling uh in reference to uh the message that we received from you, um, saying that you need something else besides Tylenol.
Patient: Yeah, and the predniSONE did nothing. The predniSONE I have just been drinking water. Uh, no, you should get good results of predniSONE did not do that with this. Uh, and Tylenol just isn't keeping the pain under control. I did see the surgeon yesterday that doctor sent me to. Um, he thinks that I need to, um, he's not gonna do anything to me, um, but he feels that it's the disc issue. Uh, and I am gonna see Doctor [PHI-Personal], but unfortunately not before the first of [PHI-Personal], uh do the
Nurse: Scheduling and Doctor [PHI-Personal] is who?
Patient: Pain management?
Nurse: Ok. Pain management. Ok. And not until the first of [PHI-Personal],
Patient: Correct?
Nurse: Ok. Ok. And the pain is the same issue that I saw you saw as well. So it's the same issue that's been ongoing.
Patient: Uh, it started, well, it started, uh, depending who you listen to. I may have popped a AAA DISC, uh, a couple of months ago and then it, and, and progressed to the point where it's pretty debilitating.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. Ok. So let me see if he can send you something else and until you see pain management on next
Patient: Month and I'm not big on pain management, but I, I know when I need it and I think half the time I need something. So, um, as long as it's not something that's gonna knock me out. I, I just wanna
Nurse: Be a little bit and the pain let me, and the pain is in your lower back.
Patient: The pain is in my lower back, my buttocks area and, and the, um, just found below the ness of the back side. Uh, it, it can get rid of the, the pain radiate down my, uh, upper thigh, front and back.
Nurse: You're reading down your, you say you're reading down your thigh,
Patient: The front and back of the thigh. Ok. When I saw that surgeon yesterday, it was like he was 100% sure that this is a back related issue with, um, the, um, I'm sorry, one more what you say? Yeah, but the, the disc is, uh, one of my biggest culprits and he felt that the pain management, of course, it will be up to doctor [PHI-Personal], what he decides to do. Um, uh, he's always God love him. He's always been good. So, I'm hoping he's going to be as good to that. Um,
Nurse: And, and I'm sorry, I don't mean to cut you off, but on a scale of 1 to 10 with 10 being the worse, how would you rate your pain?
Patient: Well, I have times that it, 10 or better. That's 10 and, and it's, it's, you know, when you go to bed and you're up an hour later because the pain is so bad that you're in 15 different positions trying to get you comfort, sitting in the recliner, sitting on a chair. Uh, and then there'll be times where it doesn't if maybe I didn't, I, it's how I think, believe it or not, I think it's how I might move my right leg, uh, which increases the pain all the way into the back and that the whole thing happen. But like I, we just come in and I went to, I came up the back steps starting with my left leg and I did, ok, holding on did. Ok. And one step up to get into my own house, I thinking to use my right leg and I just howled in the pain. Hm.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. So let me get this over to him and see if he can send you something in. Ok,
Patient: I appreciate what you can do and thank you. For being there.
Nurse: Oh, no problem and I hope you feel better. Thank you so much. Thank you. Bye bye.
