Nurse: Ok, thank you for getting back to us. How are you doing today? Good, good. Um it was just to go over the information about the new program. Doctor [PHI-Personal] is offering to his patients. Do you have a couple minutes? Sure. Alright. Uh not
Patient: To anything, right? No, no ob anything just no,
Nurse: No the program program is option. Ok. Ok. Um and just so you know the call is recorded for quality purposes. Um what it is really it's a new care management program. Um that's just where our nurse is gonna call and and check in with you see how you're doing in between office visits. Uh, she'll go over your full medical health with you answering any questions addressing any issues or concerns. Uh She'll also go over any medications if you're taking any. So if you had questions about those or if you needed refills um or if you had questions and needed help with appointments, uh labs, community resources, things like that. Really? Ok. Mhm. Mhm. Um I do wanna let you know that the service is billable to Medicare and Medicare Advantage plans and secondary insurance carriers. It is subject to co insurances and deductibles and co payments. So when you have contact with your dedicated nurse, you may get a statement from the practice for this service. Now the the service is considered to be an office visit and you get to choose how often your nurse calls you. Uh, so if you'd like her to call you once a month or maybe once every three months or even just once every six months, that's up to you. Uh, I'll mail you a letter to the program with your dedicated nurses contact information. So you're able to call her too with any questions or concerns? Ok. Mhm. Oh, would you prefer for your nurse to call you in the mornings or in the afternoons?
Patient: Oh, probably doesn't matter, you know? Ok. Probably doesn't matter.
Nurse: All right. And then I just wanna confirm your information still the same. Uh, we have your mailing address still as one Eastwood Drive, [PHI-Personal] P 17015. And your insurance still is Medicare and Capital [PHI-Personal], correct? All right. Well, then you're all set. I hope you have a great day and stay safe.
Patient: Well, so, um, do you, uh, um, like how often, uh, like have you done this, I mean, has this program been is are you just starting this? I mean, do you know what the charge is gonna be? Because if it's something that costs money in Medicare, my insurance isn't gonna cover, I'm not gonna do it. Ok. Um, so
Nurse: Uh the total billable charge to Medicare is approximately $44. Um, after Medicare pays, then we would submit it to capital [PHI-Personal] for payment review. Uh Again, the, the service is considered to be an office visit. So when you go into the office to see Doctor [PHI-Personal], do you normally have to pay anything out of pocket?
Patient: Um Not, not until I reach my deductible, I think, I mean, I don't know. No, when I go in there, I don't have to, I usually don't have to pay anything. I don't think. I mean, I don't know. II I always forget about the deductible for Medicare. You know, when that, you know, when that applies, you know, because I mean, at some point, you know, you have to reach your deductible, which is standard for everybody. Um, you know, and then they'll start paying and they usually pay well, usually almost everything. Um So
Nurse: Yes. Um So again, I mean, if you normally don't have to pay anything, uh when you see Doctor [PHI-Personal] in the office, you shouldn't have to pay anything out of pocket for this service either. Um If you did happen to receive a statement, it, it may be for around $9 or so and you are able to opt out of the program at any time for any reason. Ok. Ok.
Patient: Now, do you, um, mail, do you mail this information out to so I can have what you just told me, um, like what, you know, what it is and the, the possible charges and you know, just what you told me about the benefits and things that it, I mean, it sounds really nice to be able to have, you know, somebody checking in on you or if I have a question, you know, it would be nice. Um, are they, are they fairly available?
Nurse: Oh, yes, yes, they are. It. And it, um, you, you dedicated nurse, I say dedicated because it's always the same nurse that you, you speak with, you know, so you don't have to start all over, you know, with a different individual. Yeah, so it is,
Patient: I'm sorry, go ahead. I'm, I was just saying right now, you know, I don't have, um, you know, a ton of issues but if I did it would be, I'm sure I'd wanna be talking to somebody, you know. Um just uh, so yeah, if you would send me the information, um, it sounds like something that I would be interested in and like you said, if you know, I can opt out of it, then that's fine too. So, I mean, to me it sounds like a, a good uh, way to communicate and, um, you know, free up Doctor [PHI-Personal]. Um, now, um, yeah, that, that sounds, so they just have, my nurse would just have access to stuff online of my health rate that way. Right. She's not like local or anything. She's just, uh, on the phone, uh, kind of. So, it, it,
Nurse: It's strictly a phone call. It's just a regular phone call. It's not even like a video call. Um, but she is in daily. She'll be in daily communication actually with Doctor [PHI-Personal]. Ok.
Patient: All right. Well, that, so that sounds good if you could get me that information and then that'll tell me if I want to, uh, you know, log on I can.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like I said, yeah. No, I'll just, I'll mail you the information. Um, if you decide something you're not interested in, you could give me a call back or just let Doctor [PHI-Personal] know. Ok. Yeah,
Patient: Thanks so much.
Nurse: Oh, you're welcome. You have a great day and stay safe. Thank you. Bye bye bye.
