Nurse: Ok. Gotcha. Yeah, we can request, um, you said Doctor [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal]? Which specialist is he?
Patient: Well, he, he's, um, teach them more, uh, natural. What do you call it? Uh, he, he, he does a lot of natural things more than, uh, and he does do, uh, he does, he, he wants to get rid of some of the, yeah, influx of so much antibiotics and, you know, other, you would like to do it as, you know, neutral nutrition and all that. I, I don't know what, but he's, um, not a naturopath or, or whatever that, more
Nurse: Like a, like a homeopathic medicine, maybe,
Patient: Sort of, sort of that. It's not, he just, but, uh, but anyway, I, I, the nurse practitioner, uh, gave me the report. Yes, but not yesterday. That Tuesday. So, um, ok. I thought it would be good because did give me a B 12 shot when I was there recently and that helped but that, it, it just wasn't enough and, and, uh, so I had all that, um, lab Corp test of all the different crazy things that, you know, see if your body's lacking and so forth.
Nurse: Yeah. Ok. Yeah. Um, and definitely, like you said, you're, you're feeling more tired and fatigued. Um, the vitamin D being low and the iron can both lead to that. So, um, of course, there's both iron and vitamin D supplements that you can take.
Patient: Um, no,
Nurse: But there's also, as far as increasing natural vitamin D, as far as your food groups, um, you can look for things like mushrooms, egg yolks, um, eating any sort of cod liver oil or, um, fatty fishes have a lot of vitamin D as well.
Patient: Yeah. Well, I do. I'm taking vitamin D now. Ok. And, and also iron supplement. Yeah. Ok. Yeah, because, yeah. Yeah. So I'm, I'm, I'm aware of some of all that. I, if I could, if I could, um, be po, by the sailor, man, I would. Yeah. Yeah. But, um, anyway, I, yeah, it will be, you know, natural, naturally eating better and, and also taking supplements and, you know, whatever. But ii, I just, the fact of knowing that it wasn't me and being [PHI-Personal] it makes me so tired. I was, I, I just, I was so tired. It just, and I couldn't figure it out and, and, and I took, I take physical therapy and occupational therapy and I was trying to get in the pool and I did it twice and I hurt my foot, uh, uh, on the shoes. I was wearing shoes in there and it rubbed it until it got really bad rod. So I couldn't get in the water yet. But, um, but I'm, I am doing, you know, exercises too to try to stay better, better, better.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. Build up that energy.
Patient: Um-hum. Yeah. So I just wanted you to know, you know, that about the iron and d, ok. Oh, and my, my cholesterols, it went from 200 something. I don't know when that was last taken, but 200 it went, went down to 100 and something like 100 and 30 or so. My cholesterol went down. Which was good.
Nurse: Yeah, that's excellent. Ok.
Patient: So I was really happy with, but, yeah, with her having, with her seeing the report, you know, she can um, add that to my records.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, we will. Um, so Doctor [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal], do you have their phone number handy?
Patient: Um, I think it's [PHI-Account]. But let me um, let me look at, I don't have, I, I try to memorize but I, but I do and I just went there see I have a, my transportation record, see what they, if I can get that. And um [PHI-Personal], let's see, I got it here. I hope I have it here. I'm going see doctor I have so uh oh, ok. The, it's, it is [PHI-Account] and it's young foundational health. Ok. And um, if they need to refer um to the uh nurse practitioner, it's Tiffany. Ok. I will see him next time I go.
Nurse: Ok. Got you, got you. Well, yeah, we'll get some uh we'll send a request over for them to give us those lab results so that she's up to date on everything. Um, ok. As far as taking the iron supplement. Have you taken that before?
Patient: Um, not, not in a long, long time but it's not the, it's, uh, not the kind that makes you, uh, uh, what do you call it?
Nurse: Yeah. Exactly. Yeah, it's,
Patient: It's, it's a gentler
Nurse: Thing. Ok. Good. All right. Yep. I just wanted to make sure you're aware that that's a common side effect. So, um, yeah, just to keep that in mind. Ok.
Patient: Yeah. Oh, definitely, definitely. Yes. Thank you and have a good day. You too. I hope I get to meet you someday.
Nurse: I do too. I do too. All right, and we'll talk soon.
Patient: Ok. God bless
Nurse: Bye. Take care. Bye bye.
