Nurse: Hi, how you doing?
Patient: I'm ok. Um I was calling because um I had started out with um, a new heart medicine, um, Ati Atenolol um 12 days ago, Atenolol. Um, yeah. Um Ati, I don't even know how to say. Is it, is it [PHI-Personal]
Nurse: Olol? Yes. Ok. And what, what milligram? Is
Patient: That? [PHI-Account]
Nurse: Five? 0 25. Ok.
Patient: Yes. I don't know if the milligram is too strong or what, what's going on with that? Oh my God. It's, it's like it's giving me, um, the jitters like I'm having bad nerves being on it. Um, it's like the palpitations they done started all over again and since last Thursday I had went to go visit my mom cause she's at a nursing home. Mhm. Um, I didn't even get a chance to sit down and it's just like so much crazy stuff was going on my oxygen. Have you,
Nurse: Have you taken? Your oxygen is 100. Ok.
Patient: Um, my heart rate was just like all over the place. It was like 109. And I'm like, uh, uh I'm not even doing anything. I said, uh, ever know and just then, um, came home and I just felt so bad. My son's like, just calm down, calm down. He was like, there's no need for you to go to the hospital. He was like, we just gonna try to, you know, figure it out. So I had something to eat, to eat that day and I still, my heart still was going crazy. Then I just wind up taking the, uh, the nausea medicine cause I did tell, um, oh my God, I did tell helly that I was gonna leave it alone because it's like it was contributing to palpitations too and I was doing so good, but I had to start back on the nausea medicine, but whatever this stuff is doing is making me feel like I got COVID all over again from last
Nurse: Year. Did you, were you able to take your BP at all?
Patient: Um Yes. Um, the first reading I got was like [PHI-Account]. Let me see something where my, uh, oh, here it is because it was some crazy reads. I said, uh, uh, which
Nurse: Is odd because the, the, the medications that, that end in the ll um, those are, those are beta blockers. Those should lower your heart rate that's used to lower your heart rate. So which is so odd that your heart rate was jumping like that.
Patient: Yes. I don't know what was going on but it
Nurse: Was [PHI-Account].
Patient: Um, I'm about to pull it up now. Ok. Is the highest number I ever seen, you know, you know, doing this thing, right. Uh, 1 53/1 O2. 0
Nurse: My God. You should have went to the hospital. You're lucky. And you're lucky that something worse didn't happen. Oh my God, you don't? That 1 O2 on the bottom? That's really bad. That's what you, that's where you, that's the pressure of your heart pumping out of your heart, I thought. Oh, that's just, it's a, it's a real bad number and it has gone down though. It has gone back to regular, all right, so back to normal. Ok. Um, so let me just ask you real quick though during those days. How has your diet been? Like you're not eating anything like high salt or anything like that because where salt goes water follows, that's gonna boost up your, your BP, which in turn is gonna boost up that heart rate and it's gonna, so that, that's real important even though you get put on these BP medications. Um, a lot of that has to do with, with, uh, with like any salt or sodium in your diet. Are you trying to stick to something low sodium? Um, I'm really
Patient: Stick, sticking to the low sodium stuff but uh, that I don't know, um, like I told my mom, um, only thing I had that day was just breakfast. I didn't eat no lunch, no snack. No nothing. Ok. And, um,
Nurse: When I was, because I was just, I was just dealing this with a, with another patient, like he's on three different BP medications. He was, he wasn't doing anything for, for a low salt diet, but he wasn't realizing what, you know what sodium, what, how much sodium is in everything. So he changed it up, didn't change any medication and brought down his BP numbers 30 points within three days. So I just want you to really focus on um, any kind of, any kind of, uh, any food that you're eating trying to keep it under 1600 a day. Ok. Yes. All right. So that's very important to do that. So what I wanna do is I wanna talk to [PHI-Personal], I'm gonna reach out and talk to her, um, and see what she thinks you should do about this because I mean, does she, does she still feel like that? You're still, are you what he, here's the problem is that I can't get on your emergency medical record. It's down right now or not emergency or electronic medical record. Um, the, the program's down right now so I can't just jump and look at it on it right now to check out what you're on. So, oh, wait, it might be open in here. Hold on. Give me one second. Yeah. Oh, it's starting, it's opening for me. All right. Let me look at your chart. Hold on. Must just had something going on with that, with the office. I don't know what they do with these, uh, this internet ever went down. You can't see anybody's medical records. Right. Right. They got rid of all paper charts.
Patient: Yeah, I do remember when it was down for, like, a week and they had to do a lot of back
Nurse: Up. Yeah. It's just, I don't understand. Just like you, you, you, when I used to work at the, at another doctor's office, if their internet went down we'd have to cancel all the appointments. I'm like, what if it, like, we had something happen to the United States and like, we didn't have anybody's, anybody's medical records. It'd be insane. I mean, I know, I know doctors are good but I don't think they can remember everybody's stuff a lot. And can you just verify your, um, your date of birth for me?
Patient: [PHI-Account]. All right.
Nurse: Oh, let me see here. So, you're doing the amLODIPine already, right. The half tablet once a day for the cardiology? All right. So then you stopped the atenolol. You're not on anything else besides that. How are you doing with your oxygen? Staying on your oxygen with activity? Yes. Ok. All right. Let me see. All right. I'm gonna reach out to see what her, um, suggestion would be. Um, you're already seeing, you've been seeing your pulmonary right already, your pulmonary doc. You just did that? Did they have any suggestions, um, on anything else during that appointment?
Patient: Um, well, I didn't get a chance to talk to her about the heart thing because this is just something that started. But, um, you know, um, as far as my oxygen go, she said, it looks like I can sit, you know all of it and she said when I'm doing activity, put it back on.
Nurse: Ok and and what this continue to hold the incruse. You're not you're not taking the incruse. No.
Patient: Ok
Nurse: I I and you're continuing Advair though you are doing the Advair. Uh uh huh. Alright just wanna make sure on the right so we got what that direction was so it had nothing to do with the other and you went and saw [PHI-Personal] on the first. Yeah, it started. AmLODIPine will be decreasing 2.5. So that's when she started the Atenolol was the first.
Patient: Yes. Yeah and I've been on it only for 12 days because I told I did not wanna take it you know until I see her and
Nurse: All right and you so then you did end up getting a um you end up getting a BP cuff then right? Or did you take this BP somewhere else?
Patient: Me one. All
Nurse: Right. So what I want to do is um, is I want you to start taking your blood pressures, um, every day, uh, uh, you know, I'm gonna reach out to [PHI-Personal]. Um, I want to see what your BP numbers are and I want you to take it before you take your BP medication in the morning. Ok. The one that you are doing, um, that way we can make sure that it's lasting throughout the whole day, throughout the night and into the next day. Ok. Um I want you to take that and I want you to take your your pulse um so once a day um for the next three days and then um I'm going to report that to [PHI-Personal] I'm gonna see what she says back to me and then I will call you back um with any direction or just let you know that I spoke with her to see what what her recommendations are. Ok. Alright, sound good. Yes. All right. Well let's let's do this and then I'll get right back to you. Ok. Ok. Alright like you should but if if anything comes up you give me a call. Ok. All right thank you. Thank
Patient: You bye.
