Nurse: Which um medication was it that you
Patient: HYDROmorphone? I called the uh prescriber but she told me that they, once I get discharged from the hospital, my prescribing doctor has to, has to do it.
Nurse: Ok. I'll probably have to hold on one second. Let me um, let see. All right, can I put you on hold for a second? My computer is running, hold on. Ok. I'm sorry, my computer is running like super slow this morning. Ok. So you said it was the HYDROmorphone and you got it when you were at the hospital?
Patient: Yes. Ok. I just need a new, I need a new refill in order for me to get it. Ok.
Nurse: Hold on one second. When was the last time you were in the office?
Patient: I had a phone call with [PHI-Personal] probably about a couple, 223 weeks ago. Ok. Video call, not video call, but phone call, a
Nurse: Phone call. Ok. All right. Let me, I have to send them a, um, message to see if they can do a, a new prescription for it. Do you? Ok. So it was the HYDROmorphone. How many milligrams?
Patient: Two MG.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. When, when were you in the hospital?
Patient: I was in [PHI-Personal], but they gave me a 28 day prescription and then I just took my last one the other day.
Nurse: Ok. Ok so when you had a had your appointment with him this time they did um the phone was is it because you weren't, you weren't feeling well and you couldn't get into the office or um was it the reason why you didn't actually go into the office to see him?
Patient: Oh I've been feeling well.
Nurse: Ok so if he need you to come in so that he can do that prescription cause a lot of times since it's a um is to consider a controlled substance a nar or narcotic they'll wanna have to see you in the office so that they can do the prescription, the actual physical prescription. So if he wants you to come in to be seen would you be able to get in to see him?
Patient: Um probably not. Ok.
Nurse: Alright let me see
Patient: So then it probably will be a problem then. Mm probably would become a problem then to get the I haven't been feeling well.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah because I know like trying to do if he hasn't, if he wasn't the one that prescribed it and then trying to do at the prescription without seeing the patient in the office, they can,
Patient: Sometimes they can't do it.
Nurse: Yeah. So I'll, um, I'll ask him and see what he says and I will let you know. Um, let me see. Did you need any other refills on anything else?
Patient: Um, I don't think so. Ok.
Nurse: All right. Has anything else changed? Have you had any other, er, visits, um, falls any other medications added anything like that?
Patient: No.
Nurse: Ok. And then have you had like any issues with your, um, anxiety over the past month? Yeah, you have
Patient: The cancer? Ok, because cancer has been bothering me. Ok.
Nurse: All right. Hold on one second cause I was trying to call you a little while a couple, a few days ago. I think I was trying to get to you so I can do your, um, your update anyway. So I'm gonna do it now while we're on the phone and then I'm gonna send doctor [PHI-Personal] a message about your medication. Ok. So are you in pain like all over or is it a certain area?
Patient: My, on my stomach?
Nurse: Ok. And then what would you rate the pain from 1 to 10? Depends
Patient: On the time of day. Uh, 56, sometimes a seven or an eight. Ok.
Nurse: Are you still seeing, are you just seeing palliative medicine or? Yes, I
Patient: Am?
Nurse: Ok. Are they doing any other treatments still or you still like radiation and chemo? What are they gonna do?
Patient: Um, as of right now, I'm not doing anything right now. I'm waiting for um, I have an upcoming appointment next week. Ok. All right to see what they're planning on doing next. Ok, because right now I'm in a lot of pain.
Nurse: Yeah. Ok, I understand. All right, let me just do a couple more questions and, um, well, I sent a message already so I'm gonna wait for him to get back to me and, yeah, as far as your anxiety, I'm gonna put another screen in. So you, have you been feeling nervous, anxious or on edge over the past two weeks?
Patient: Uh Oh, yes, of course. Mhm. Ok. Uh, depends. Yeah. At the time of the day when I get my COPD flare up.
Nurse: Yeah. Ok. Um, how about not being able to stop or control worrying?
Patient: Yeah, I get that too. Ok. Ever since I've had cancer? Mhm.
Nurse: Trouble relaxing
Patient: Sometimes. Ok.
Nurse: Um, being so restless that it's hard to sit still
Patient: Sometimes.
Nurse: Ok. Becoming easily annoyed or irritable sometimes. Ok. And then feeling afraid as if something awful might happen.
Patient: No. No.
Nurse: All right. Mhm. And then have you been having your, um, you, have, you had ac OPD flare up in the past month?
Patient: No, I just haven't been feeling well.
Nurse: Just haven't been feeling well. Ok. All right. Let me, um, pass this message over to him and I'm gonna see what he says and then I'll call you back and let you know what he says. Um, yeah, let me see because I know you said you haven't been feeling well. So you don't, you haven't been able to come out,
Patient: Right? I haven't been feeling well.
Nurse: Ok. All right. Well, I'll call him. I mean, I'll send this message over now and then I'll call you back. Ok. Ok.
Patient: Thank you. You're welcome. Bye bye. Bye bye.
