Nurse: Mhm. Yeah, that's what I was gonna say. It just sounds like you're really staying on track with what, uh, what you need to do and everything. So, that's great. Yeah.
Patient: Well, I was having a problem and started using some stool softener and, um, it says to take it 2 to, uh, 1 to, uh, 3 a day, but it doesn't say for how long I wanted to make sure it wasn't doing something wrong. I'm taking two every night. Uh, and then about every fourth day I take three and I am just as regular as clockwork and I am certainly staying hydrated. I'm drinking it right at, if not more than three pints a day. Ok. I keep it yeti filled with water.
Nurse: Good. All right.
Patient: And I use the bottled water and it's 16.9 ounces and I'll drink three of them a day. Ok. And, uh, I don't, you know, other than I'm just getting older every day. I don't have any problem. My daughter said the other day she's decided I'm gonna live to 100 and four.
Nurse: Hey, it sounds like you're on the right track.
Patient: I told her, oh God, I hope not. I see these old [PHI-Personal] that age, you know, are close to that. Listen, I've got a lady here. I may have mentioned this to you. I don't think so. I've got a really sweet friend here. The first time I ever met her, she slipped something in my pocketbook and when I got home she was inviting me to ac, to a champagne party she was having and, uh, you know, really nice lady. She's [PHI-Personal]. I'm, I'm sorry, she's, I went to her 90th birthday party. She has what they call her other home over at the casino. Oh, ok. And she, she went at our socials. We have live music and she dances for at least an hour and get this. And he, and I don't mean wedges and chunky shoes. I mean, little tiny heels like I wore in my twenties. Wow. [PHI-Personal] years old?
Nurse: Wow. That's
Patient: Amazing. She is a role model for any woman getting older.
Nurse: She's a role model for all of us. Yeah. Yeah.
Patient: Can you imagine that?
Nurse: Mm. Well, that's good. And it's always good to be able to celebrate and to have a nice time with one another, you know.
Patient: Yeah. Well, I went with my family to see my little granddaughter and a little performance for Christmas at, for her school. She's in the [PHI-Geographic] school and, oh, Safety Harbor. And, uh, it was me, my daughter, my granddaughter and my two great granddaughters, four generations. I was there. That's wonderful to, to see her perform. So, you know, family, what more could you ask for? And by the way, until we got two great granddaughters, we're, we're only Children. I'm an only child. So is my daughter and my granddaughter. Oh, wow. Strong [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Yeah, that's what it sounds like y'all are doing. Well. Yeah. Do you have any special plans for the holidays coming
Patient: Up? Well, uh, for Christmas, um, of course it'll be family but for New years, my daughter and I are going to [PHI-Geographic] and [PHI-Personal] meeting friends. We've got friends who live there and we're, and friends from my home, uh, in [PHI-Geographic]. Friends from [PHI-Geographic] are coming down to join us. My, uh, I met her when she was, I met her when she was at her 40th birthday party and she is now [PHI-Personal]. 0, wow. So she, and the guy in her life right now will be joining us? Ok.
Nurse: Good. So
Patient: We'll, we'll be on the beach for five days and been on back and settle back for a new year.
Nurse: That sounds like a lot of fun. Yeah. All right. So, um, and then do you have all your medications refilled at this time? Do you have all your medications refilled at this time and before you do on vacation. Uh,
Patient: Oh, yeah. Ok. Yeah, I keep up with that religiously.
Nurse: Ok. And then I was just going to check on your appointments. Do you have any specialist appointments coming up any time soon?
Patient: No, I'll be doing a colonoscopy in [PHI-Personal]. And that's the nearest thing. Ok. I will see my, you know, I see my, uh, primary care doctor every six months.
Nurse: Yeah, it looks like you see, uh,
Patient: Doctor.
Nurse: Mhm. You have an appointment scheduled, uh, [PHI-Personal]. Yeah, at two o'clock. Ok. Yeah. Yeah.
Patient: Uh, is there any problem with me taking, uh, this stool softener every day? Are there any side effects to a softener besides dehydration?
Nurse: Well, the only thing about when you continue to take it every single day is that your body gets used to needing to have it every single day.
Patient: So, well, I'll try to back off some, well,
Nurse: If it's, if it's working for you now, um, if you are taking it like that you should be ok, uh, to continue to do that if you have like regular bowel movements and you're scheduled and it works for you. Uh, because we don't want it to go the other way. Of course. So, um, I would say you'd be ok to do it until your appointment and then that's what I'm
Patient: Thinking. Just what I,
Nurse: Mhm.
Patient: I think I will. But if I just take two a day every day and don't take a, take it at, at least one day in the week. And I usually do it about every four days, maybe three days. I, I changed to three instead of two. If I don't do that with three and if I don't do that one, I have a problem back.
Nurse: Right. So, you should, I would
Patient: Like to, I like to keep it up but I want to make sure that I'm not, you know, affecting my liver or something like that.
Nurse: No, you're fine with the way that the stool softeners work. So you should be fine until, uh, like I said, you can discuss that at your next scheduled appointment in January. Ok.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: All right. And then you said you're planning for that colonoscopy. Do you already have it scheduled for [PHI-Personal]?
Patient: Yes, I do. Yes, I do. I have it. I have it. No, but it's on my telephone and everything. We, we scheduled it but it was so far out that we had to re, they'll have to reschedule it. You know, we'll, we'll take care. It's not a set in stone. I just know that's when I need to get one set up. Ok. And it's in their records. It's at, I've had colon cancer. So I, I go there.
Nurse: All right. Sounds great. And, um, any other concerns that you might have at this time?
Patient: No, I don't think so. I think all is
Nurse: Good. Ok. Well, it's always wonderful to hear that. I hope you and your family have a wonderful and safe holiday and if you need anything, just give us a call back. Ok.
