Nurse: Yes.
Patient: Ok. So this is just that introductory call just introducing um, myself. Uh, like I, my name is I'm your nurse care manager that's assigned to you. Um, I'll be calling you about once a month unless we find that that's too frequent and then we can change that. But I just basically I can help in between [PHI-Personal] visits with refills, appointments, labs, any concerns or questions you have about your medications or your health in general. I can, um, kind of be the, the middle guy there between, uh, you and Doctor [PHI-Personal] because it is very hard to get in and, and speak with
Nurse: Her. I know it is and this is great. I really appreciate it. Um,
Patient: Do you have anything going on today? That you need, um, addressed or,
Nurse: Um, well, right now I'm caring for my husband because we can't get enough hours with caregivers. So, I mean, that's a problem right now and I, I've really been exhausted from trying to help him. He's got Alzheimer's and he takes his diaper off every 15 minutes. So, this has been really hard but I have trouble with, I have a lot of trouble with my hands now that I never had before and doctor recommended that I go to a doc, uh, orthopedic specialist and she wanted me to get an MRI and I can't get out to go right now. So
Patient: You have for him.
Nurse: Yes. Yeah. So as soon as we did some hours here, um, of care for him, I can go and do the things I need to do for me, but right now they're on hold. Um, ok.
Patient: Well, um, let me, uh, I can kind of see on my end if there's anything that I can help with. Um, in regards to that is, uh, let's see here. I'm just trying to pull up your chart and everything. Let me check on my end to see if I have any sort of resource that I can reach out to, to maybe help. I don't, I, I don't know if I do just right off, I'll have to actually do a little bit of digging. Ok. But I, that's something that I'll look
Nurse: Into, um, that would be great.
Patient: One of the things that I like to do if you have time, I know you're super busy. Do you have time just to go over your medicines with me really quick?
Nurse: Uh, yes, I do. Hold on. I've got my husband's medicines on my lap. I think that's perfectly
Patient: Fine. How do you typically keep up with your medications? Is it by pill bottles or list?
Nurse: Say that again, honey. Do you
Patient: Keep up with, like, do you just keep up with your medicines, like by the pill bottles or do you have a list or do you use a pill box? Um,
Nurse: I have bottles but I also have a list and I thought you probably haven't got it. So
Patient: I have a, I have a list here but we just like to confirm that everything that she has on her end is right? Because sometimes things get missed.
Nurse: So, so you wanna go over that with me because I can't.
Patient: Yeah, of course. Yeah, I can do that and we can that way. It may be easier on you here. Ok. Bear with me for just a second. I'll try to be quick here. Um, I have, uh, Optum Rx as your, the mail pharmacy as your preferred pharmacy. Yeah. Ok. I have, um, an Albuterol or a Ventolin inhaler, two puffs in your mouth every four hours as needed. Ok. Uh, are you still taking the Keflex or the Phex and 500 mg? Two times daily.
Nurse: But with the nebulizer, uh, no,
Patient: It's called Cephalexin or Keflex. It was an antibiotic.
Nurse: Oh, no, I didn't get that yet. Um, there's actually Albuterol. I mean, um, oh, my God is supposed to deliver that today. I called them because I hadn't gotten it and they were just holding it and I don't, I didn't know why but they said they would send it out to me sta, and the nasal spray I never got. So I, I have allergies really bad. Flonase. Yeah. Flonase. And the antibiotic is for an infection. And I had a spider, I have still have the spider bite that's been there for 3.5 weeks. Oh, goodness.
Patient: Are you, you don't have a fever or anything like that? Correct.
Nurse: No, I just have, um, you know, the normal runny nose, um, that for my allergies and coughing. Um, uh, to the point that I choke if I don't use my albuterol, um, twice a day. Ok.
Patient: Something that always happens or is this kind of just happen more often?
Nurse: No, this, this always happens. I thought my brother has COVID so I thought I had it but I gave myself a test and it was negative. So,
Patient: Ok. But this is something, the coughing and the runny nose is not new at all. It's something that you've had for
Nurse: A while. No, I've had that for quite a while. Ok. It's been more since I've been to [PHI-Geographic] because I don't know. Something down here is getting me, I think the tree, the trees probably.
Patient: Ok. What, uh, what besides that made you feel like you may have had COVID, like when your brother had it, or just because you weren't exposed.
Nurse: Yeah. And headaches, you know, I've been having a headache and I never get headaches. Um, so I thought that was a sign but it's probably all part of the, um, congestion that I'm getting from my allergies. It just feels the same as I've always had. So, ok, I don't feel overly sick or out of it. You know, I wouldn't be able to take care of my husband. I don't think
Patient: [PHI-Geographic].
Nurse: No. Ok.
Patient: Let's see. I have vitamin D 3, uh, 1000 units every 24 or daily.
Nurse: Yes, I take that.
Patient: Ok. I have, uh, CeleXA 40 or it may be called Citalopram 40 mg daily.
Nurse: Yes.
Patient: Ok. I have Plavix or Co clopidogrel 75 mg daily.
Nurse: Yeah. Well, you know, I stopped taking the Plavix because I was having runny noses every day. I mean, bloody nose, bloody nose every day and it was like, really bad and you cause a lot of, a lot of bruises, but I didn't call my doctor. I just stopped taking it because, you know, like I said, I've been busy. Uh, how long
Patient: Have you, how long have you been off of that?
Nurse: About a month?
Patient: Ok. That is actually something that we definitely need to call the doctor over Plavix is really important, especially if you've had, um, have you had uh heart Cath and stents placed in the past? Is that why they, they
Nurse: Put me on that all 2021. I was given one after another stent after another. Yeah, that I had a, I had a history of uh congestive heart failure. So, um,
Patient: So you, when was the last time you spoke with your cardiologist? Do you have a,
Nurse: Well, I had an appointment with him. I had to cancel it because I've been taking care of my husband. So, um, I was gonna call, but I just haven't had a chance to call him back yet and I have to talk to him about that. The shot, the blood thinners.
Patient: Ok. Have, um, have you had, uh, anymore any other bleeding besides the nose bleeds? And the bruising? No bleeding
Nurse: In? I did. Uh huh. Yes, I did have blood in my urine. Um, but it stopped, I don't know why it, well, maybe because I stopped taking the, the blood thinner. I don't know, but it did stop and I was like, I'm glad because I had a problem like that one time before and I had to have my bladder operated on, um, it was torn really bad and so I had to go have surgery. So it's been fine ever since then. And then all of a sudden it started bleeding again. And I thought, well, gosh, I have nose bleeds and I have that I need to do something. So I, rather than, um, just to do something in a hurry, I stopped taking the blood thinner. So I know I was a bad girl. Yeah, the,
Patient: This one, this one right here is definitely something. Those are some signs I know that you're overwhelmed and I know you have a lot going on. So I understand and I'm gonna see what I can do to, to help on my end with that. But those are really important. Like, if you're having bleeding in your stool, bleeding in your, uh, urine, of course, and frequent nosebleeds. Um, especially with that and bruising, especially when you're on a blood thinner. But it's also important that you take the blood thinner. So, uh, we need to, we need to update, um, the doctor for sure. And your cardiologist,
Nurse: Like, ok, he's doctor. Do you, did you know that his name was doctor?
Patient: Uh, I'm not sure I haven't got to go through.
Nurse: Ok, that's in my record and I, um, oh,
Patient: Looking to see if his name is in here. Have, has your, um, have you not had any chest pain? No shortness of breath or anything like that?
Nurse: No. Huh. I've been fine. I've been doing really well, thank goodness, I've just been, been really stressed, you know, with, yeah, been taking his diaper off every 15
Patient: Minutes of course I understand that. Good.
Nurse: So, right now he's got a therapist with him. He's transferring him from a wheelchair to a lift chair, which will help me a lot because he's been in bed for the past week and I think he's been going bonkers in there. Um, but nothing to do and, and he couldn't visit. He wanted me to come in there and visit with him and I would for a little while, but then I had to get out of there. I couldn't stand it. Yeah.
Patient: No, I understand.
Nurse: Yeah. Ok.
Patient: So what is doctor [PHI-Personal]?
Nurse: Um It's in [PHI-Geographic], I believe because I, I went to the closest one. Um Let me see if I got it down on
Patient: My um I think I have it right here.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: Is it maybe I found it here.
Nurse: I do.
Patient: God, let's finish your uh medication real quick while I have you on the phone. Do you use the Voltaren Gel or the Diclofenac 1% gel two times
Nurse: Day? Yes, I love that. But I need that a lot help with my knee and my hand and my hip. I could almost ground myself in it so good
Patient: But I use
Nurse: [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Uh I have Zetia or it's also called uh I can never pronounce this one but I'll spell it. Ezetimivmm OK. Taking the 10 mg there. Um Let's see. I have uh you said the Flonase they're supposed to be delivering um there's some ne nebulizers on here. The ipratropium albuterol. Um, it's the one that you would use with the nebulizer machine every six hours as needed.
Nurse: Uh, no, I haven't used my nebulizer in a long, long time because I had a doctor up and I come, we've moved here from [PHI-Geographic] about a year and a half ago. And, um, the doctor, doctor up there was a pulmonologist and he had me on a CPAP machine, oxygen nebulizer. And when I went to the cardiologist, he said you have a heart problem, not a lung problem. So, all that stuff after he put the stents in my heart, I didn't need any of it. So
Patient: Doctor, uh, took you off of that nebulizer. Correct. Yeah. Um, let's
Nurse: See. No, the cardiologist in [PHI-Geographic] did,
Patient: Oh, the cardiologist in [PHI-Geographic]. Ok. And then I have a multivitamin daily.
Nurse: Yes.
Patient: Uh, you have nitroglycerin as needed for, uh, like onset of chest pain. Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. And you said that I
Patient: Have it? Ok. But, you know, to use that, like, if you have like chest pain, um, anything like chest heaviness or anything like that, you can take that, wait five minutes and you can do that, you can take a tablet up to three tablets in 15 minutes. But if you feel the need to use that, um, go ahead and call 911. Ok. If that was ok.
Nurse: Yeah, I will.
Patient: Um, Protonix 20 mg two times daily. Yes. Ok. I have a pre, are you also taking a prenatal vitamin on top of the multivitamin? Ok. Yes, I have Ranexa 500 mg two times daily. Yes. Ok. You are taking that one and then I have like a lotion, a Triamcinolone or a Kenalog two times daily. Yes. Ok. Anything else that I've not?
Nurse: Um, well, I recently, um, been having a lot of trouble with my hands itching so bad. Um, I used to have a problem with my hands since I've been a hairdresser when I, I've been a hairdresser for 50 years and when I was really active and doing s, and hair up, I just had the worst allergies and my, my hands would break out and then I would, I, it's so bad. I have to find something to make them stop those things. So I found a new product called, well, it was new to me Cortisone for Eczema and I started using it on my hands now because it's come back. I think I'm allergic to [PHI-Personal] Laundry. I mean, this detergent, I swear that's what it is anyway.
Patient: So, the, the Cortisone Cream is over the counter.
Nurse: Yes, it's over the counter. Ok.
Patient: That, and that's been helping. Ok.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, it's very good. Um. Ok.
Patient: Ok. So what, um, what I'm gonna do is I'm actually gonna update Doctor [PHI-Personal] on some of the medications. Um, we need to reach out to your cardiologist. I don't mind to do that if you would like. Um, but we do need to update them as far as that goes, uh, regarding that.
Nurse: Yes, I would like you to do that because I, I don't know when I'll have time to talk to him and I explain that I'm busy.
Patient: Yeah, I will. And, um, and I'm gonna try to see what I can come up with as far as helping. Um, what is your husband's name? [PHI-Personal]?
Nurse: [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Ok. Ok, I will see what we can, um, we can come up with on our end in the meantime, I'm gonna send you a letter in the mail and it's just gonna have my name, my telephone number a little bit about the program and, uh, it'll also be what we call wellness goes on there. It's just anything like screenings, uh, that MRI may be on there, any kind of immunizations that Doctor [PHI-Personal] has recommended for the remainder of 2022. Just look over that and the next time we talk we'll update that. Ok,
Nurse: Honey. Do you have a pen? Well, yeah. Well,
Patient: Ok, the, well, the number that you called the [PHI-Account], you can call me if you need me. Ok. Um, it usually directs right to me Monday through Friday 8 to 4 30. Sometimes you may get another nurse or the voice mail if, uh, I'm on the phone with another patient or unavailable. Ok, but I'll get back to you.
Nurse: Ok. That's the number I called this time was [PHI-Account].
Patient: Ok. Try, I think it's try 0818. But if you got through to me with that, then that's fine as well. Um, I didn't know that that was one of them that you could use. So, uh, but I will, I'm gonna try to work on all this for you. Ok, [PHI-Personal], I'm gonna reach out to Doctor [PHI-Personal], I'll reach out to your cardiologist. Um, most likely I will be calling you back tomorrow. I'm hoping, uh, because I would imagine they're gonna want you to go back to that Plavix. Do you have some at home?
Nurse: Um No, I have to, I have to order it. Oh, no, maybe I do have some. I don't know if I just, if I do have it
Patient: Next and then so if in the future, if you have any like bleeding, uh a whole lot of bruising or anything like that, just like you had before. Give me a call. Ok. And I'm just kind of update me with what's going on and I'll try to take care of that. Uh, the best I can because I know it. I know you're overwhelmed and it's hard. Ok.
Nurse: So thank you so much. You very, really appreciate it
Patient: And that, you know, ok, I just wanted to make sure you know that if you start having chest pain or anything like that that it's important to go to the the er. Ok and call 911.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: Alright I'll I'll be calling back. Ok, have a good day. Thank you
Nurse: Bye bye you too bye.
