Nurse: Um I've been with the company for a while. We just had a change in our patient panels recently. You were uh used to talk to [PHI-Personal]. Is that right?
Patient: Say that again, I'm sorry. You
Nurse: Used to speak with [PHI-Personal]. She was your
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. Yes. Yes. Yes, absolutely. Absolutely.
Nurse: Yes, [PHI-Personal] is no longer with our company anymore, so I'll be moving forward. I will be your care coordinator. Um You may receive a call from someone else from time to time, but I will strictly be the one over it for the foreseeable future.
Patient: Ok. Well, let me just uh very quickly. I don't know how much you know about me and my past situation, but uh I saw doctor [PHI-Personal] in the beginning of [PHI-Personal] and um I was a little bit unhappy with the fact that she only gave me 15 minutes of her time and I have a lot of issues and uh I had a list of questions that I want to talk to her about. But one of the things that we agreed on is that she would, um, uh, prescribing new medication. Jardiance. Ok. And I said, well, no, uh, you suggested that a year, two years ago. But I said it was too expensive. I can't afford it then. No, no, no, no. Temple [PHI-Geographic]. Uh, pharmacy has a special price. It's like, I don't know, $15 for three months. I go. Ok. Let's give it a try. It took me over 10 days before I finally got it. And uh so I had to follow up because somebody screwed up along the way. And uh when I did get it, I started using it, but no one bothered to tell me that it has side effects. Secondly, the doctor should knew and should know that I have an enlarged prostate but that usually there you go. So, you know, the first three days, you know, all of a sudden I am having accidents all over the place. Uncontrollable. I am, I don't know what's going on and another doctor brought to my attention about the side effects. I go, oh my gosh, you don't look good at all. So that day I went immediately to um what do you call it? Urgent care? And I was tested and sure enough, I had an infection. Ok. So I stopped immediately, but I want you to call Temple [PHI-Geographic] Pharmacy and cancel that order. There's no way I'm going to use that medication. No way. Ok. I was very disappointed. Uh, I needed another person to tell me that there's side effects and that, you know, you might be infected. And sure enough, I was so I'm unhappy, very unhappy. But do me this big favor, call Temple [PHI-Geographic] and cancel my prescription altogether.
Nurse: Yes, sir. Absolutely. I'm so sorry that no one warned you of those side effects. Usually that's any time I see someone that's starting on Jardiance. The main thing I tell them is you have to drink a ton of water. If you think you're drinking enough, you're not drinking enough because if not, you will for sure. Get a UT I from that medication. I'm sorry, I told you
Patient: That. No. No. And that's why I'm, I'm a little bit upset that the doctor didn't have the time to tell me this and, uh, I have diabetes. It's pretty serious right now. Very serious. My readings are very high, so I'm working on controlling it. Ok. So they're the ones that told me I go to a clinic, uh, that intravenously, uh, provide some. What do you call it? No, my, my mind. What is it that you, uh, I have another problem, begin to forget a lot of things. But anyway, they brought it to my attention and I reacted and I discovered that. So, um, please please take care of that. Now, I have one other question. I have one other question, um, that, uh, the doctor kind of blew me off real quick. Um, there is a glucose, um, continuous monitor. Mhm. It's out there for people with diabetes. I am not happy with pricking my finger all the time. I got other issues here for myself as well as at home. And, um, I, I was wondering if there's a possibility that I may, may be able to obtain this monitor. Mhm.
Nurse: Do you have a particular one in mind?
Patient: No, because I'm not familiar with the different models of different companies. I have no clue. Once in a while I'll see something on TV. Or, uh, a flyer that's out there. But I don't go there memorizing. All I know is that I met some people that have it and it's very, very, uh, efficient and it's very helpful and, uh, you know, you really, you really don't have, uh, an opportunity not to take the test on a regular basis because it's so convenient with the cell phone. Ok. So, uh, the other way, you know, there's always something comes up and, uh, and anyway, my diabetes is, is, uh, really high. I'm slowly controlling it in, uh, February when I started this new, uh, uh, this new procedure, uh, I was reading 8.1 on a one C and then in [PHI-Personal] before I saw Doctor [PHI-Personal] it dropped to one, I mean, 7.1. So it looks like this thing that I'm doing is helping. Ok. So I want, I would like to have this monitor compliment everything else I'm doing because I gotta take this pretty serious. Ok. I got really, I gotta change my eating habits. Uh, it's so hard. Um, I'm learning a lot by being in that clinic. Uh, so if you, if I'm, if I qualify then I would like to order this monitor. Mhm. No, I can't be wonderful. I don't think I I can't afford to pay for it. I don't have the money to pay for it on a regular basis or whatever there is a fee but people tell me that Medicare does pay for it.
Nurse: Mhm. Yeah. So that's what I was gonna say. So we can definitely do that for you. Um I do have a couple questions before we get into that. Do you have an endocrinologist that you are established with that is managing?
Patient: Ok. Well, good question. Very good question. OK. I already have an appointment for the end of [PHI-Personal]. Good. Ok. That was suggested I even had a a [PHI-Personal] practitioner uh from my insurance [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Uh give me an extensive interview process here and she said, really pushed it. So I already made an appointment and scheduled for the end of [PHI-Personal]. Yes.
Nurse: Perfect. Good. So that's gonna be wonderful. I feel like you know how you were saying that you felt rushed at your appointment and unfortunately, I do hear that quite often with our doctors just because they're seeing such a high quantity of patients, which is not fair to you at all. But I do feel like an endocrinologist who specializes in this will be able to give you more divided care. That way we can really focus on those numbers and make sure that we're keeping them where you want them. Um Now in regards to the glucose, the CGM, the control continuous glucose monitoring machine, um I would reach out to your insurance company first just to find out which one they cover because there are several different ones. Um So that way we'll have a good standing to know what they cover. That way when we send it, there won't be a lag because what I've seen recently is patients will call wanting the monitor, we send it, it's the wrong one, then they have to pay $500 out of pocket for it. Well, nobody wants to do that. Um, and then it's kind of just the runaround trying to find out which one's covered. So what I found has been the best process is reaching out to your insurance, find out which ones they will cover. Um, they'll be able to give you your total out of pocket calls that way, you know what to expect. And then once we have that information, we can definitely get that prescription sent for you. And even then if it's too costly, if insurance doesn't cover the whole thing um what I can do from there is I can reach out to our prescription um personal finance assistance program and they will be able to further find any discounts, any savings information that we could help you with as well.
Patient: So let me ask you, you were very inform, informative about this. Uh I appreciate you're the first one that's making you somewhat clear in my mind, but I have a question. Um No, I forgot what it was. Um So I have to get the name. I have to discover which one the interest because people are telling me they're not paying anything at all. Nothing out of pocket.
Nurse: The one that I'm guessing they're probably getting is probably the freestyle Libre. Does that sound
Patient: Familiar? No. Uh honestly, I don't memorize his name. This is all new to me. Ok, but I, I'm thinking more and more because I gotta take my diabetes very seriously. I just can't blow it off anymore. Ok. And this is why. Well, thank you. Um ok, I, I know what I have to do. I gotta call my insurance company and uh it's Medicare plus [PHI-Personal]. Mhm. And they
Nurse: Will be able to give you all of the information on what, what CGM they will cover your out of pocket cost. That way it'll give us a good standing to know which one to send. That way. You're not having to wait a prolonged amount of time with back and forth between insurance and all of that, you'll just be able to get it sent, obtain your machine and you know, start moving forward on that.
Patient: Ok? All right. So, uh, uh, I'm gonna make a phone call, find out what's going on with that and uh, as soon as I get any information that's positive I will call you to let you know. Ok.
Nurse: Yeah, that sounds wonderful. Thank you so much. I appreciate that.
Patient: Well, you're welcome. Well, thank you so much for uh following up. A lot of times, I'm not able to get back to you as quickly as you probably would want to, but it's just too much is going on in this office.
Nurse: I understand. That's perfectly fine. I'm here any time you just call whenever it's convenient for you. Ok.
Patient: Terrific. Well, thank you so much.
Nurse: Yes, sir. You're very welcome. I'll speak with you soon.
Patient: Ok. Good hold bye bye. Uh hold on, hold on. I just make sure make sure you call Temple [PHI-Geographic] uh pharmacy to cancel that Jardiance uh prescription.
Nurse: Yes, sir. I'm about to do that right now.
Patient: Terrific. Terrific. Thank you very much
Nurse: Again. You're very welcome. Thank you. Bye
Patient: Bye bye.
