Nurse: Uh, I just see in the order where it just says you're gonna come in, um, and get the cup and everything. I don't see an exact date or any, I
Patient: Think, I think they said two day, two days or something after. So I gave her her last dose, um, yesterday morning. So, ok, I figure out I'll bring a sample, I'll get the cup today and bring the sample tomorrow.
Nurse: Ok, good. So she's not having any of the urgency frequent, uh, you know, the frequency burning or anything. No. No. Ok, good. Well, I'm glad to hear she's feeling better. [PHI-Personal] and thank you for returning my call. Ok,
Patient: Yeah, we are, we are having a little trouble with her, um, congestive heart failure with her, holding her weight. Um, I'm in contact with her. Um, I don't know if that had to do with the UT I A, a lot of it. Um,
Nurse: Did her rate increase over 24 hour period?
Patient: Well, no, in a week it was up over, uh, five lbs and then, um, we gave her an extra dose of Lasix. Um, here, not, not this weekend but the weekend before. But they told me if she goes up over five lbs again, I'm supposed to, uh, take her to the hospital.
Nurse: Oh, ok. That's what the cardiologist said to do.
Patient: Yes. So, um, she's just holding, like, at three lbs over, you know, just in that range. Ok. Yeah. But I didn't want to take her over the weekend. She didn't hit the five lb range over the weekend. And I just,
Nurse: And with the weight gain, have you noticed any swelling in her feet and ankles?
Patient: Uh, she's holding it more around her middle, her abdomen around, yeah, in her abdomen area. Yeah.
Nurse: Any persistent coughing.
Patient: No. No, she's breathing fine. Seems fine. Um, now she said she hasn't been feeling good but I'm sure that's because of the,
Nurse: Yeah. So probably, and then, like, loss of appetite, uh, shortness of breath. She had difficulty lying flat when she sleeps.
Patient: No, none of that. No. Ok. Yeah. Every time she gains the extra weight. She just seems fine. All she has is this extra, you know, it seems like now this is the first time I ever saw that her stomach got a little bigger. Ok. But, um, but that seemed to have gone down a little bit now. So,
Nurse: And the cardiologist, did he want you to guys to follow up with this after you gave her the, I have,
Patient: I have an appointment with them on the 12th, next Monday. Ok. Um, unless, unless she gains more than five lbs and then, you know, I'll have to take her to the hospital.
Nurse: Right. Perfect. And then that's, that's right. You know, if you see a weight gain of 2 to 3 lbs over a one day, 1 to 2 day period or like the cardiologist said, five lbs over a week, definitely, you give them a call and watch for that swelling in the feet and ankles and he abdomen and, you know, if she starts with a persistent cough or bringing up, uh, you know, sputum when she's coughing, uh, like I said, the loss of appetite, new or worsening dizziness or confusion can also be a sign of CHS. So just, just be mindful of those and, and great job reaching out to the cardiologist, you know, following up and letting them know what's going on and giving her an extra dose of Lasix. Um, yeah, I'm, I'm glad to hear she's not having any more uti symptoms. As well, but definitely, yeah, come in and get the cup, you know, do the sample tomorrow and I, I'll follow up with you guys later next week just to see how the cardiology appointment went. Ok.
Patient: Ok. All right. Yep, it's Monday morning. So, um, all right. Well, thanks for calling.
Nurse: All right, thanks [PHI-Personal]. You have a good day. Bye
Patient: Bye. You too. Bye.
