Nurse: Yeah. And it just make you jump through such hoops. It's ridiculous. I think it's easier, it's easier to get narcotics on the street than it is to get stuff that you actually need. I
Patient: Hear you.
Nurse: Ok, let me just double check here. So your pharmacy, I wanna make sure I get the right number here going to be
Patient: Pharmacy is Rite [PHI-Personal]. Rite
Nurse: [PHI-Personal] on [PHI-Geographic]. Right?
Patient: Yeah, you want the phone number?
Nurse: Um, I have a phone number here of [PHI-Account]. That's correct. Ok. I will call them and find out which form they need now. And
Patient: Um, I'm having trouble with my CPAP machine too. These people, I had a CPAP machine when I would live back home, uh, which was, was about a year and a half ago, almost two years. I got a phone call. I got a thing in the mail that recall on your CPAP machine. A and it, it was, it was like a year or two f finally I got tired of it. We moved over here. My machine wasn't working correctly. So I contacted somebody over here. My wife did it actually. Right. And then they made me, they got me a new machine and then they made me return it because it wasn't gonna be paid for because I didn't follow up with what was going on the recall. So I thought, well, I pushed the recall ahead. Well, they didn't like that. So now I had to wait for another machine. So then they finally sent me the right one. But now they don't give me the, the, the breathing stuff for the machine that I got. So I gotta call them and I got two boxes of stuff like mass and what? And it don't fit my machine. So I work with them on that.
Nurse: Oh, well, you're ahead of me because my CPAP got recalled and it'll be two years this, this [PHI-Personal] and they still have not replaced it. So, I've been two years, almost two years now without my CPAP.
Patient: I, I was using my old one yet. Well, they, they told me it was a malfunction. Be between one of them cleaning machines. Mhm. You have one of them cleaning. So, so clean.
Nurse: Yeah.
Patient: Well, they said that they were not compatible with each other. That's what I, I dug, they didn't tell me from the beginning. So now who's at fault for the machine? Is it, is it, uh, the cleaning system that destroyed it or you, they can't give you no answers. So, they finally gave me a machine. When I came over here I went and did it myself. But they were, they weren't going to pay for it because I didn't follow procedure and wait for I to say, hey, I don't want to die in between all this. You know, they didn't think that was very funny when I said that. But, uh, you know, we have millions of people out here that, that want, want to have their, their, their CPAP machine straightened out but yet they're doodling on. It. Sounds like a court system to me. Oh, yeah. So, anyway, I sent it back. I finally got the company recall. They sent me one and now they're sending me the wrong equipment to, to go with a, a different machine.
Nurse: Oh jeez. All right. Well, I just wanna make sure. So you got the Glucometer. You need the test strips now, correct? Do you have the, the um lancets and all that stuff?
Patient: I got the box here in my hand. Whatever's I in the, the freestyle box, I would imagine. You see it says, oh, everything but test strips,
Nurse: It has the thing to pick your finger.
Patient: Yeah, I have that here. That's in the freestyle package.
Nurse: Ok. And are there lancets there? Additional lancets? Because you need one for every time you pick your finger.
Patient: Yeah, there's a couple of in here.
Nurse: So you probably need more. So you'll probably need more because you need the lancets. Like every time you pick your finger, you have to change out the lancet. Right.
Patient: Right. I, I understood that. Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. All right. So I'll tell them that's what we're looking at and I'll see what they have to say. Ok,
Patient: If you can get me extras, I'll take extra of those light things as well.
Nurse: Yeah, I'll do what I can.
Patient: Yeah, thank you very much.
Nurse: All right, I'll let you know how I make out. Ok, take
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. All
Nurse: Righty. Bye bye.
