Nurse: Well, I was calling to check up on you and see how you were doing with everything. How's, how's your, your dental appointment?
Patient: Yeah, I broke the tooth. I gotta get a crown.
Nurse: Oh, a crown's better than a root canal.
Patient: Yes, it is. Yes, it is. So, and otherwise. Yeah. No pain. That's a good thing.
Nurse: Well, that's a good thing. So, food for now, which I was actually hoping to go through, um, some, your diet with you, check on your blood sugar. See how everything was going. I know last time we spoke, uh, we were talking about some low salt foods for you. Yes, because you were having some swelling and I wanted to see if you were still having that. It is,
Patient: But it's, I, and I can't explain it but it's not near as bad as it was. There's times where it doesn't swell at all and other times it might a little. And so I'm not sure exactly what's going on there, but it's, it's not a problem. It seems. Ok.
Nurse: Well, that's good. Did you change up anything in your diet or start any new medication?
Patient: No, not really. Ok.
Nurse: All right. Um, so sorry, our system is so slow. I'm trying to pull up your chart. There we go. Now, um, do you check your blood sugars?
Patient: No, I do not. I only do it when I, every six months when I get the physical or a check up.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, it looks like your last, um, a one C on, in, um, [PHI-Personal] was 6.8. So that's not, that's not too bad.
Patient: Yeah, Doctor [PHI-Personal] was happy. He got it under seven. Yeah, I start taking the, uh, the cholesterol medicine in the evening. Like you had suggested.
Nurse: How's that working for you? Any change? Any problems with that? No, not really.
Patient: I think. Fine.
Nurse: That's good. All right. Now, do you check your BP again? I'm sorry, I didn't write that down last
Patient: Time. Yes, I check it almost every day and it's been real good. Like 1 30 [PHI-Personal] from six pulse in the 60 to [PHI-Personal]. So that's the, well,
Nurse: Oh, good. I'm glad I know. Um, previously we had, you were saying it was running a little bit high. So I'm, I'm happy with that. What
Patient: [PHI-Personal]? It, whatever it took off and, uh, I get her name. Again and bump it from five mg to 10 mg and it's really, it's really working
Nurse: Good. I'm glad to hear that. Sorry, I had to take a sip of water. Oh, that's fine. Um Right. So that's really good because one of the things we worry about with your BP is the possibility of breaking off any clots or breaking off any plaque that's in your arteries and causing a stroke or a heart attack. So the higher that BP is, the more at risk you are for that. So you're down under the one thirties, which is good because anything over 1 40 is considered that hypertension and that's where we start really worrying because it puts that extra force uh on your vessels against that plaque. And since you do have high cholesterol, you have some higher plaque build up in your arteries as well. Do you have any questions on BP or anything along those lines? Understanding what it is or what you can do to help bring it down?
Patient: Uh No, not really. Yeah, I, the only question I got is this uh this fourth or the second booster shot for the virus. Is that something I should be looking at my wife and I or your suggestions on that.
Nurse: Excuse me. Um Well, Doctor [PHI-Personal] view on that is, you know, talk about that with your wife. Um See what you guys are feeling about your risk. He's in one moment. I apologize. Allergies today. Terrible.
Patient: Yeah, I can.
Nurse: So his, his opinion is, you know, what are your risks? Talk with your wife. See how you're feeling about it. Um, he would say, you know, if, if you're comfortable getting the vaccine, if you want to get it, that's fine. Um, he'd recommend if you're having any respiratory illnesses or anything like that. I don't see anything like that, um, in your chart but, you know, you are at higher risks with your age and your diabetes and your heart condition. So you can get that second booster, but it needs to be at least four months after your first booster. I, I,
Patient: Yeah, uh, the booster shot, I have to look at home record. See when we got it, but I'm sure we're past, uh, four months or whatever it was.
Nurse: Yeah, I'm trying to look through here real quick. Let see. Did you get it through Doctor [PHI-Personal] office or did you get it through the,
Patient: The two, the first two we got at the hospital, uh, the booster. I got it at Rite Aid over there in, uh South Middle there but I think it must drive or whatever. I got one there. That was the booster, my wife and I
Nurse: Got a flu shot. No.
Patient: Yeah, I got the flu shot and I got the, the pneumonia shot. That was worse COVID shot.
Nurse: Yeah. So I had the pneumonia shot in [PHI-Personal]. Let me keep, keep scrolling and then I had the flu shot of, it's [PHI-Personal]. I'm not seeing anything here on COVID [PHI-Personal]. Let me check in a different,
Patient: I don't know, Rite Aid. Rite Aid sent that to you or not.
Nurse: Um, a lot of times they do. I mean, I, they sent the pneumonia and they sent the, a lot of times they do but at the same point some people ski missed. Ok, if you, um, if they should have wrote it, written it down in your card, she
Patient: Should look at that. I'm, yeah, I'm still at the dentist. I haven't. Yeah.
Nurse: Uh, yeah, it's not, you don't have to look it up right now. That's fine. But that way you have something you can look at for it. Um, so that's he, he's recommending them for anyone who's at risk and at least four months after. But that's, it's not mandatory. So it, it would be up to your discretion.
Patient: All right, I'll check out when I get home.
Nurse: All right. Um, so the thing with that also is make sure, you know, sometimes those [PHI-Personal] can hit you a little bit harder than the original vaccine just because your body's already been primed for those antibodies. So you got them in your system so you can have more of a, um, a reaction to them just because your body's already got it and it's faster. So it's recognizing that strain and the fatigue, the chills, the tiredness. That's all your body building those antibodies. Mhm. Now, um, one thing the CDC has said, now you got, you said you got two shots and the booster, right? So you didn't get the Johnson and Johnson?
Patient: No, I got the uh [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: OK. That point because they are recommending if you get the Johnson and Johnson to get the [PHI-Personal]. Um So yeah. Oh, now, um, the other thing is to increase your immune system so that you're not relying just on the vaccine so well rounded diet exercise. Getting, believe it or not getting outside because that sun's going to help you with vitamin D and vitamin D also helps your immune system. Oh. I do know that um, we just got a message from Doctor [PHI-Personal] office. They are not gonna be doing the booster shot in house. So you, if you do want it, you would have to go with, uh, go to the pharmacy and get that.
Patient: No, that's not a
Nurse: Problem. Right. All right. Do you have any other questions with that?
Patient: No, that's no, that's about it. That's all I had.
Nurse: All right. Well, um COVID is, I mean, it's not nearly as prevalent and the strains aren't nearly as bad. Um, but it is still floating about so still, you know, wash your hands, stay home if you're feeling sick. Uh A lot of the Omicron variant and such like that uh do present as like a head cold or sinus infection. So if you start feeling those symptoms, you know, let us know, stay home, don't go visit in any nursing homes or anything like that. Ok. Oh, right. Well, that's all I have for you today. I was really just following up on that BP and it sounds like everything is doing really good with that. So I'm really happy for you. Yes. All right. So we'll follow up with you then after Easter, um probably middle, middle of [PHI-Personal], middle end of [PHI-Personal]. So if anything changes, give us a call.
Patient: Ok, thanks a lot. You're welcome.
Nurse: You have a good day. You too. Bye bye.
