Nurse: Ok. That's great. Um, so, and what would be better for you, morning or afternoon calls from the nurse?
Patient: Uh, can you give me her number? So my phone will ring.
Nurse: Let me see if I can. No, I
Patient: Don't want to be a patient. My son has my phone set that I can only receive calls that I have my, in my contact list. This is to scare me. A lot of, let me see. I
Nurse: Be listed. I know it will be listed in the letter that I send to you once you sign up.
Patient: Oh, ok. Ok. Yeah, you send me a letter with the number in it. I can put it in my phone. That's the only thing I, I mean, because otherwise I don't get the calls. That's why I guess it got sent to my son. But I have, um, yeah, I find, um, I haven't seen doctor for a little while. Uh, I guess it was what, the beginning of the year. But it might as well be done with the phone if, yeah, it might as well be done with a phone call for all the interaction I get from her. No offense. But the woman is just, I, I don't have any major problems so I'm not much of anybody's concern. Mhm.
Nurse: Ok. Yes. And if you don't want a monthly call from the nurse you can do, um, every few months or six months as well. Whatever fits your need.
Patient: Well, I did, uh, there is a change on my medication that I have to update with them and, oh, I also had my eyes checked and I was diagnosed with early macular degeneration. Uh, they put me on those red medicines. It's like an, a red, I don't know, it's something for macular degeneration. But, um, I have to go back in [PHI-Personal]. I think it is for a six month follow up because they saw the, uh, signs of that was another thing I wanted to tell her but getting to her is, uh, jumping hurdles. So I give it up
Nurse: And you said you started a new medication as well, right?
Patient: It, it, it's just an over the counter. It's a red, it's for your eye is a macular for macular degeneration. I don't know what something like that. I had to get my glasses, new glasses, which is probably on my chart that I need to get my eyes checked and I did do that. Mhm.
Nurse: Ok. Well, I'll go ahead and, um, put this in the notes the best I can for the nurse and then when she gives you a call, she'll probably call you within the next week or two. If you did need to set up an appointment, you know, down the road. Um with doctor [PHI-Personal], you could do that with her. And then also, you know, you could speak with her about your new medication. And if you wanted to bring that up about your eyes and everything, you can speak with her about that as well. And then like I said, I'll send you a letter with the information on the program, which will also have the nurses, her name and her uh direct line listed. So that way you know where she's calling from and then you can program that in your phone,
Patient: Put a notation on my chart to leave a message because they can leave a message, but I won't hear the call. I'll see there's a message. Ok? Because I don't know, I, I didn't get a message from you but my son did so. Oh,
Nurse: Ok. I I'm not sure what happened there because I usually, I always usually leave a message. So maybe, you know, I couldn't get through to you. And, but anyway, I will
Patient: Put out here, I'm not technology person, so I know nothing. I just do the best I can. All right. And did you prefer,
Nurse: Did you have a preference of morning or afternoon calls,
Patient: Uh, preferably morning? Now that it's summer, things are all crazy. So before during the school year I had a schedule picking up grandchildren, but now I don't have that. I'm, I'm book free and fancy.
Nurse: Alrighty. All right. Well, I'll go ahead and notate everything and ok, well, that's great. So I'll put you down for morning calls and then we should follow up with you here within the next week or two. Ok. Ok. Alright. Well, thank you so much for your time today and you have a good day.
Patient: Ok. Thank you.
Nurse: Bye bye. Thank you. Bye.
