Nurse: Yeah, I think it was Monday. I called or maybe last Friday. So, yeah, probably has been.
Patient: Oh, no, I'm gonna, since they said they take my insurance down here at Redner's, I'm just going to get, that's only like, two miles from home or a mile and a half. Why should I go all the way down to Walmart when I don't have any reason to be there, you know. Well, I mean, people used to pick it up for me and my granddaughter when she would teach down that way and things. But I don't really, it'd be handy. Well, I got a three month supply of my other pills at just Redner's filled, you know. So that works good. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
Nurse: So I did send the refill in. I don't, our medical record, our medical record system is down so I can't go back into, in there and see which one that I sent in. But you had asked me the other day when we spoke to refill something. Do you remember which one it
Patient: Was? Yeah, it was that it got filled
Nurse: And I, yeah, that's why I wanted to check to make, I mean, nine months
Patient: They gave me a nine month supply. Yeah. Three months. Yeah. Ok. Good. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. I'm not like, uh, really busy. Uh, I have a [PHI-Personal] sister, not that I don't have my own health problems but my niece and I have been going quite a bit and her daughter in law, she has she has like a congestive heart failure and all this stuff, you know, and maybe getting many stroke, they said, and we, we took a walker down and food and stuff and since my niece is going down to clean, but I'm not, I, uh, she don't, she only has three sons and, you know, never a daughter. And, and, uh, we, we did, she took things down for the bathroom grabbers and I got her a new bathroom shower curtain and carpets and, and then we took food yesterday and we took a walker for a while and she loves the walker. Now she can really go with it and we've been picking up carpets and stuff that she didn't need, you know. Yeah. You know, I, I mean, we forget it. It's a long, I, I'm not going, my niece is gonna go and she's in her [PHI-Personal] too to help. You know what? I, I'm, I'm ok. II, I have appointment at 9 30 at the hairdresser. Not that I have much hair anymore because I got, oh, I, I mean, I, I mean, as long as it isn't very serious under my bus, you know, or anything and it's not itching like the warm weather property and a bra. And my daughter said, mom, maybe it's your new bras and I said, I hope not because I got four new ones. At what price? Oh, my. Oh, no, no,
Nurse: It's coming back. We getting red and inflamed and painful and itchy. Give me a, that I will always have an order. We can always get that nystatin, um, sent to Ners instead that way you can have it. So, if you do get any symptoms like that,
Patient: Definitely. Well, I mean, Ent had told me when I said I had that down there that they could get it sent up to them. I mean, have the Walmart send it up to them, you know, just transfer the,
Nurse: Yeah, they would have to call
Patient: Them and, yeah. Yeah, that's what I mean. Oh, yeah. They would have to call them to get it transferred. Yeah, that's what they told me. Yeah. Yeah. So I'll see because maybe we might have some more, more hot days that it would stir up but it, otherwise it's doing pretty good, you know. Nothing, you know. Yeah. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. Well, like I said, if you need, if you need a new script, let me know we'll get it set up and, I mean, and you, at least you have it, you can just keep it in your cupboard and have it. If you have a flare up one, it'll
Patient: Help. So, this is a different story because I, I always talk out of so that my daughter's age but, you know, years ago my mom passed away [PHI-Personal] years and she used to get, like, bad under her bus too, you know, and then we use corn store but then mom got a prescription one time and I still have the little bottle with nothing in it. But I couldn't tell you what the name is that I would go back on because it just throw it away. I just kept it, you know, but it's probably a thing that they don't even use today, you know.
Nurse: You know what I used to use on my babies. Um, do you remember the stuff called Bag balm? They used to use it on s teeth,
Patient: You know,
Nurse: Stuff it's called, it comes in a green tin. It's very old school stuff. I was on their diaper rash and it was amazing. Well,
Patient: Yeah, that's what I mean, because some of those creams that they did for diaper rashes made it worse, I thought, you know. No, not at all.
Nurse: But that stuff was
Patient: That, was that a,
Nurse: No, it's a cream, it's like a, like a, almost like a Vaseline consist?
Patient: Oh, ok. And gave it more of a codeine then, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Oh. And how, who was that on your baby or who?
Nurse: Yeah, I would use it on my kids when they were babies. Oh, God. That for us.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. Ok. Yeah. Uh, is she, what's the other girl that was gonna have a baby? That, is she back or not
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]? Yeah. Yeah. Yep. She's back in the office.
Patient: Ok. Yeah. Ok. Because I, yeah, would have knew her from, uh, I never realize. So I went to a funeral but she was there when she was pregnant at the time. You know, she, it was a connect some way. So. Oh yeah, I'll let you know if I'm having any problems. Ok.
Nurse: Ok. Take care. Sounds good. Take care. Yeah, you too. Bye
Patient: Bye bye bye.
