Nurse: No, no problem. So it's a new program we're providing where our nurse would reach out to you on a monthly basis. Just want to find out if there's a better time for her to reach out morning or afternoon or if you're actually interested in the program.
Patient: Are you? So, I, I, I'm sorry, I am alone but I'm um you're just saying that because I'm on Medicare now. Family practice has this thing where the nurses contact their patients once a month.
Nurse: It's uh regarding me, basically, it's a Medicare based program. And as long as you have two qualifying chronic conditions, uh it makes you eligible for the program. So we're reaching out.
Patient: So what are my chronic conditions,
Nurse: The [PHI-Personal] and the hypothyroidism?
Patient: Ok. I wasn't aware of that. Um What's
Nurse: [PHI-Personal], I believe one is a high cholesterol and let me see what the other one is.
Patient: I didn't. Uh oh, and my labs saying that I have high cholesterol.
Nurse: Um that's what they're putting in the chart here. So I'm assuming. Yes. Ok. And
Patient: Then what's the other condition?
Nurse: Uh the hyper, let me see, that would be deficiency, deficiency in your thyroid hormones.
Patient: I see. So the labs tell you that I have these things is, is that where you're getting the information? Uh
Nurse: Yes, ma'am from your chart, correct?
Patient: Ok. So, ok. And you wanna talk to me about that? Ok. So you want the nurse you want to know when the nurse can contact me. And that's like in the afternoons,
Nurse: Mornings or afternoons, whatever, whatever time works best for you she would contact.
Patient: Ok, afternoons, later afternoons is better because I'm in school until about 305.
Nurse: Ok. Not a problem. I will go ahead
Patient: And document and note that. So like 3 30 would be more a better time and, you know, if she would schedule an appointment time, I could be ready by the phone for it then. Ok. Does she do that or does she just
Nurse: I believe after the initial, after the initial phone call you would be able to uh schedule any future calls?
Patient: Ok, I got you. Ok, perfect. Alright.
Nurse: Alright and I'll be mailing out the information for you as well. I've got you at [PHI-Geographic] P A Yes. Ok, perfect. All right, we are all set re I appreciate your time today. You have a great afternoon and stay safe.
Patient: All right, Becca. Thank you. You're welcome. Mhm. Bye bye bye bye.
