Nurse: All right. Well, I am gonna, I'm gonna put a little note here, uh, Cipro caused. Um, we'll put nauseous. Um, and what, what other side effects would we say?
Patient: Jittery? Um, I call it soppy. I was soppy. Everything made me cry. Everything was so sad. You know, it's like, uh, sometimes I do get that way over certain things but this was like everything was, yeah, like I said, oh, I gotta hang you. Oh, that's terrible. Oh, but at the same time I was also very snippy with everyone. So I'm, like, very sympathetic and sappy. But I'll take your head off if you were me.
Nurse: Well, I'm glad I got you on the first day. I mean, like, I think I got you, like, I got you, like, right when you were started to take it. Oh, my goodness. Um, ok. So you completed the Cipro the UT I symptoms? They, they're gone
Patient: As far as I can tell. Yeah. I mean, I still have to pee sometimes and, you know, like, but it wasn't like before, it was like, every two hours, like, you know, I've been holding it for a, or something like, oh God. Yeah, that's
Nurse: Terrible. Well, I mean, for the most part, you the best way to not get one again would be try and prevent it. So lots and lots of liquids, especially water. It helps dilute the urine. Um Yeah, it makes you pee more, but it does keep the urine diluted. So that is helpful. Um And then basically uh always wipe from front to back. The most common bacteria that actually causes UTIs is um e coli and um oh yeah. So sometimes, like, if you worked out and like your underwear were kind of like sweaty and stuff and they had stuff in them that could give you one, wiping from back to front or?
Patient: Yeah, I do go from back to front. I wouldn't know how to do it. The other one. Yeah, front.
Nurse: Better try. Yeah, because basically what happens is the, um, if there, if anything, I know you have an ostomy but I, if any ma like, fecal matter was down there at all, like, if it somehow got to that area, the bacteria in the anal region could spread into the va, the vagina and the urethra and that causes the UTIs. So that possibly could be some of the issues. It's a little different because I know with your ostomy it's a little,
Patient: You know, there's, yeah. Yeah, I have another question. I tend to be very dr in there. So what I had been doing because I'm so dry, like the toilet tissue gets stuck inside me and everything. So I had been taking a little Vaseline on my index finger and just like lubricating myself after I would pee and wipe myself. Could, could that close. Yeah.
Nurse: Yes. So, deodorant sprays Douches powders, all that kind of stuff can irritate.
Patient: Even Vaseline Vaseline. Well,
Nurse: I don't, I wouldn't.
Patient: Oh, and I ran out of the regular, so I was using baby scent and I'm thinking the fragrance could have been an irritant. Yeah.
Nurse: Petroleum [PHI-Personal], uh, increases vaginal irritation and infection. Um, they recommend using vaginal moisturizer instead. So, something specifically, um,
Patient: For down there and you can buy that over the counter.
Nurse: Oh, yeah, definitely. Um, I'm trying to think. Um, hm. Ok. So petroleum [PHI-Personal] is not good. Vaseline is not good. Um, let's see, what would be good. It says vaginal moisturizer. I'm wondering. Oh, they have a, they have one here. Um, we, you of moisturizer such as Replense. What's that? Looking it up? This is, this is actually from like the medical website. Ok. Oh, yeah, they do. They actually have it right here over the counter. Um, it's like $12. It doesn't seem too terribly expensive.
Patient: Yeah. And I only use a dab once a day. I don't do it, like, every time I go to the
Nurse: Bathroom. Oh, yeah, then that would be fine. So, yeah, it looks like, yeah, looks like you could absolutely stuff like this. It, and it's specifically formulated for the vagina to not grow anything down there.
Patient: Ok. So I'll see what they have at Acne. I know. Probably have
Nurse: A generic version of it anymore. But, yeah, specifically what you're looking for is the terminology vaginal moisturizer.
Patient: Ok. Yeah, they have a lot of, like, summer's eve and I'll make sure it doesn't have fragrance either because, you know. Yeah. Like, yeah. Oh, yeah. What you wanna do is spray fragrance on. Yeah. Ok. Well, I'll look into that. I have another question for you and this probably isn't your area, but maybe you can point me in the right direction. You know, I recently switched suppliers for my ostomy supplies, which is fine. I got my first order and, well, when I was with Continuum, they didn't have a lot of stuff I use, but I never got billed that 20% or anything that was covered and now they want me to pay like 20% but somehow whatever government programs I'm involved in like they pick that up and this place isn't picking it up. So I don't know who to, I'm gonna have to contact like if you would
Nurse: Call them. So there's, there's, there's one of two things that could be happening. The first thing would be that they don't have your up MC Medicaid information, which would be the easiest solution you'd call them and say I don't just have Medicare A and B I also have up MC health choices. This is the ID number and information.
Patient: Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. So that when I number one, ok. So they, if they didn't have it,
Patient: You know, they did have it. Yeah. All right. I make
Nurse: Sure, make sure just gently remind them that you to do that and then the other thing would be ask them if they accept Medicaid. Most places do. But it's possible that for some reason it's not a Medi like it doesn't accept Medicaid, it accepts Medicare. So that could be another issue as well. And I don't really get into the billing and insurance. But, you know, for doing this for about three years, I kinda have a, I don't know
Patient: To see where the hang up is because, and I was thinking, you know, I had called Continuum CHC was what I was using and, you know, I, I did very nice. I said, look, you know, I'm switching because there's just so many items you don't carry, but maybe I can call and ask them like, you know, do you have any suggestions how I can get this new place to not bill me? Yeah, it's
Nurse: Probably, um, I would just reach out to the company and make sure that they have your, your up MC Medicaid. I, I bet you anything it's, it's an issue with them not running the, the Medicaid. That would be my gut instinct as to why you're getting it.
Patient: Ok. I'll look into that and then for my first shipment, you know, I had specified the quantities I use, like, I just get one box of bags and one box of waiters that's 10 a month and they sent me, like, the maximum of everything. So it's much more than I would get every month and they want me to pay for it. And it's like, but I, I don't need this much every month. Some Medicare doesn't cover enough. Like, they only give me two tubes of the past and I really need, oh, of course, everything else, like, you know, I'm not doing a change every day and a half. I hope not. I go and see. Oh, my
Nurse: Gosh. I know. I know. And the thing is if you know what you're doing too, you can get it to last like, three or so days. Like, if you, if you have really, like, depending on to your ostomy. But I know when I would do them, I, I'd always, because I would work on oncology. They do, I want harmony to do the change because like, mine would last like three days and the other nurses would last, like, not quite as long. We put it there mildly because like, you know, you take your time and you have to find out what works for somebody. Sometimes the powder works. Sometimes the paste works. You, not every ostomy is the same and some people really do not like powder.
Patient: Like, yeah, not at, I only use it right below. If I try it all around right below, I do have, like, this little
Nurse: Gap. I mean, it's [PHI-Personal]. I don't, don't get me wrong, but sometimes you gotta be really careful because I've had people break out in nasty rashes from that stuff. Yeah. Yeah. But a little bit, you know, it's kind of like anything, anything in moderation. But, yeah, but definitely I'd call them, make sure that they have both your insurances. I do know Medicare. Technically that, that is the rule.
Patient: Yeah, you pay 20% and I think it looks like because the bill was $[PHI-Account]. Now they want 100 and five, that's like more than 25%. So, I don't know where they're getting. Maybe there's like a one time set up fee or something. But like, yeah, I mean, for
Nurse: The most part now there, there is the possibility to that they are charging you a deductible and that could be it too because part bs deductible in [PHI-Account] is $226. So, it's possible you haven't met your deductible, which would be unlikely that we're in [PHI-Personal]. Do you know what I mean? It would be higher than likely you haven't met it yet. But again, it's a possibility, call them find out. But, yeah, that would be my, my best guess is probably they're not running it through your Medicaid. Um, that would be my. Yeah.
Patient: Ok. Because, yeah, they're not gonna ship me a new order until I pay my portion of this order. I keep hoping I'll get something in the mail. Like, oh, you know, this was picked up and you don't know what there, but
Nurse: I'm sure that that will probably happen, but they probably won't realize for a while. So, yeah, but the Medicaid, um, does cover, um, ostomy supplies to my, you know, ok. To my understanding you,
Patient: That's where they pick up the, um, uh, I don't pay a lot of things. Yeah. Like when I go to a doctor you're supposed to pay like, a certain amount and I never get billed that, you know, it's like $20 per visit. So I guess it's the Medicaid that's picking up all those extra little charges.
Nurse: Yeah. And that would, that would be my, my educated guess because I know my son, he has Medicaid, um, because it's easier for kids to get it. Um, so, like I know with him, like, he has no copays on anything like, ever. Like, it doesn't matter. And he's never, like, you know, he never gets co copays or anything. So that's probably, yeah, the Medicaid should pick up the, um, the co insurance, [PHI-Account]% and
Patient: It would, I'll find out if, you know, I'm running out of time and I go ahead and pay it. I don't know if I would ever get reimbursed when they get it all straightened out. I
Nurse: Wouldn't, yeah, I'd call them first. I wouldn't, I wouldn't rush to pay it because unfortunately once they get their money they don't really, they don't care about getting
Patient: It back. Yeah. Well, you
Nurse: Mean that in the best sense I really do. But, yeah. Um, yeah, I would definitely look into that. Um, I, yeah, because especially ostomy supplies, they can get very expensive and if you're gonna be getting a bill for 20% every single month, I know it's not gonna be 100 and some dollars. But you're still gonna be looking probably at a significant, you know, amount. So, II, I would definitely get this fixed now.
Patient: Yeah. And since they sent me so much, I'm actually not in a big hurry for next month supply because they don't do the skin cement at all. And they told me that they don't carry. But my sister can just buy me, like, I, I use like four cans, no, three cans a month and I'm pretty well stocked on that for now because she sent me like a piece and everything else. It's like, ok, you know. Yeah, come [PHI-Personal]. Yeah, we've gotta have to straighten out or I'll just have to cough up the money or something. But, yeah, and they have it right at the holiday, like the Fourth of [PHI-Personal]. I got them right before the Fourth of [PHI-Personal]. So I couldn't call anybody closed
Nurse: And you get this bill and you're like, lovely, thank you all. Um, but yeah, I wouldn't worry too much about it. Um, give them a call if you have any issues. Definitely let me know. But, um, for the most part, my best guess is gonna be that they probably just didn't in like they probably just didn't send it to the right place.
Patient: But that was like the, the one that I do is all she does is take order. She knows the products well, but she's not involved with the billing. And I said something to her like, well, I've never gotten like, the deductible before. She, well, I, I don't know anything about how that works.
Nurse: Right. And I mean, technically I say the same thing, I don't know anything. But I mean, iii, I just know from proxy. My guess is they probably just didn't, they didn't probably run your Medicaid. That. That's my. So it's probably something simple. Go, go find out and let me know.
Patient: Ok. Will do I look like I've gone so long without having to deal with any of, I hate like paperwork and suppliers. You have to use
Nurse: It. It is, but once, once you get established, it won't be too bad. You have to let me know if you, if you get it fixed up, if it, if they are good because I, um, I use CHD for a lot of my people but I, I, I've, I've had the same, the same thing happen where they don't carry a lot of stuff. So, if it is a good supplier, maybe, maybe I'll, I'll put them on my short list of people as long as they do fix it for you.
Patient: Yeah. And the good, the good thing is they use fedex because it sounds like at the end of this month that you might not be getting any UPS service. Yeah. It, it does not look good for UPS. Like, oh, thank God my medical supplies come through. Worry about
Nurse: That. That's good to know. Oh, my gosh. Well, all right. All right. Well, I'll talk to you later. Ok, [PHI-Personal].
Patient: All right. Thank you so much.
Nurse: Oh, my gosh. Any time, have a lovely day. Bye bye. You too. Bye.
