Patient: We're doing fine. Um, was they shocked him again and so far so good. His heart is in rhythm. Well, that's good. He was up at family practice on Monday for his regular six month check up and they did an EKG and said that his heart was still in rhythm. So, and he goes back to the cardiologist next Friday, not tomorrow, next Friday.
Nurse: Ok. Good. Hopefully stays that way. Yeah. Yeah, that would be good. Um, sorry, I'm jumping back and forth here between multiple things. Ok. Ok. That's what I was just double checking on his stuff. And how are you doing?
Patient: I'm doing ok. I got to call up and get a flu shot. I didn't do that yet.
Nurse: Ok. But you are planning on that? Oh, yeah. Ok, good. So I don't have to launch into the flu vaccine speech.
Patient: No. No, I'm fine at all. I, I just didn't get around to calling yet. Maybe I'll call after I talk to you.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, that's, that's understandable. Lots of stuff going on. It looks like you're up to date on your COVID vaccines too good.
Patient: Yep. Yep.
Nurse: [PHI-Personal], the one, the last one that you, that you got is, is that the bivalent one, was those out yet when you got that or not?
Patient: Brand new one? No, it wasn't out yet. Ok. I couldn't
Nurse: Remember if it was [PHI-Personal]. It came out or [PHI-Personal]. I couldn't remember. Oh, ok. You're good to go there. How are you on medications? Any, anything you need sent in for refill or anything?
Patient: No, but I saw on, uh, was it on my phone this morning? Something about Quinapril and Hydrochlorothiazide having a problem being recalled for something. Certain
Nurse: Lots. Oh, first I've heard of that. Yeah,
Patient: I just saw it on my phone this morning.
Nurse: Hm. Let me look here
Patient: And I was trying to find a lot number on my bottle and I don't see anything here
Nurse: Here for more pressure, BP medication has been
Patient: Reported here. It is because of impurity. I take both of
Nurse: Those. Hm. Let me see. Let me look through this real quick
Patient: But it says 12.5. Mine's 25 mg. So maybe not that one.
Nurse: Yeah, that's what I was just gonna say. Um and then the,
Patient: And the Quinapril.
Nurse: Oh, great. He person. Mhm. Quinapril is the 00, ok. So the medication is being recall. Do you, you take two different pills, correct? You take
Patient: Quinapril and Verapamil?
Nurse: Ok. So the, it's the Quinapril and the hydrochlorothiazide together.
Patient: Yep. No, it's not one pill. It's two pills.
Nurse: Ok. So what being recalled is the combination pill? Oh, ok.
Patient: Well, then we're good. Yeah. Ok. That's all I need to know.
Nurse: Here we go. We figured it out. All right. Thank you. Not a problem. So that makes, that makes that easier. You don't have to worry about that. Ok. All right. And how high has your BP been? Any? Do you monitor it?
Patient: It's a little high. I don't know sometimes and then other times it's real good. I don't know. Ok, when I was out at the gynecologist last time it was 1 38/70 which I thought was fine because it's already been a lot higher. But it, it looks like,
Nurse: Uh, at your last office visit it was 1 40/78. So, ok, they're generally ok. I mean, you know, if you start getting one fifties, one sixties, if you have any signs or symptoms of your BP being high. Um, you know, take it and then give us a call. Should it be higher? And you're having like a headache, facial flushing, dizziness, nose bleeds blood spot in your eyes, anxiety or shortness of breath. Ok. Just, yeah, I mean, but that, those numbers are ok. I, I'm guessing that's where you live is right in those, that area. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah,
Nurse: That's, that's, well that's easy enough um gonna say yeah they they start to worry um when your systolic BP gets greater than 1 80 the top number or the bottom number is greater than 100 then that's ok. So, but if you start even creeping up that way, let us know so that they can make some adjustments there because that. Ok. All right. That's just something to watch out for. All right. All right. Do you have any other questions or anything that I can help you with today? So. All right. Well, I hope you have a wonderful day. You too. Thank you very much. I will talk to you again sometime. I am sure because I ok. All right.
Patient: Alrighty bye bye.
