Nurse: Um, no, that, I mean, I don't have any way to get pictures unless you have the portal and you can send them to, to the doctor.
Patient: No, I just have, um, download it to my phone. Ok.
Nurse: Yeah, I have no way to receive those. Um,
Patient: Oh my God. The minute I try to do anything, carry, I sweat, I sweat so bad it just drips down my face. My hair gets so wet and dripping.
Nurse: Now when you say try to do anything, like give me an, an example of or something.
Patient: Ok. Sitting outside. Um, the other day I tried to clean my sink up in the bathroom, uh, try to run my sweeper. Just small things like that.
Nurse: Ok. I'm just making notes. Ok. Um, I don't see anything in your medication list that would, um, that looks like you have or that would, would have a side effect of that.
Patient: Ok. Um,
Nurse: I'm just trying to think here. So, do you have air conditioning in your home?
Patient: Yes. And it's going from the time we get up and then we sleep at night with air conditioning in the bedroom. Ok. And sometimes air conditioning isn't enough. I have to put the ceiling fan on. Ok.
Nurse: All right. I don't have any answers for you. So I'm gonna send a message to, um, [PHI-Personal] and see if she has any, any insight. Do you want to schedule an office visit?
Patient: Well, I just had my annual which, but it, I didn't mention anything about sweating. I don't know if I, it wasn't hot when I had that or not. But
Nurse: Do you have any other symptoms? Like, like dizziness, nausea, um, shortness of breath, blurred vision.
Patient: No, just my [PHI-Personal] yet. But I have an appointment for that. And what day Thursday I go up to the back surgeon. Ok.
Nurse: Ok. Um,
Patient: I was just wondering, was it one of my pills?
Nurse: I don't think it's one of the pills. I mean, it could be just the heat but if you say you're sweating like that in the house and you have the air conditioner on. That doesn't make sense.
Patient: Yeah. So, uh, it, it really is bad.
Nurse: Ok, let me send a message off to [PHI-Personal] and see if she has any suggestions. Well, I'm not sure. Um,
Patient: If not a hot in [PHI-Geographic] maybe. Do you
Nurse: Feel hot or do you, are you just sweating? Like, do you feel like, oh man, it's hot outside. I'm sweating so bad like that. Or the sweat coming off
Patient: That one? It's, I feel really hot now already. I'm [PHI-Personal]. How old? [PHI-Personal]. But I had a total hysterectomy. About what, 10 years ago, 11 years ago, something like that. I had everything removed cause I was thinking to change a life. But no, I don't think,
Nurse: Um how long has it been going on for?
Patient: Oh about, oh well, maybe [PHI-Personal]. [PHI-Personal] months. Yeah.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: And sometimes I just can't remember things but, and I know when I went to [PHI-Personal], I didn't mention it. I forgot it. I forgot to tell her about it.
Nurse: Ok. Give me one second.
Patient: I'm drinking plenty of fluids. Like even the propel water, the Gatorade.
Nurse: Well, that's good because um, you know anything to replenish those electrolytes.
Patient: Right. Right.
Nurse: Um, I mean it's not to say that you can't go through menopause type symptoms. Um, even after having a hysterectomy, but I'm not gonna, um, name it that until we talk with [PHI-Personal] and see what she thinks.
Patient: Um, but like I said, I have [PHI-Personal] every day and could have something to do with that. But I'm, I'm gonna go up on Thursday, but that's with my back surgeon. Oh, do I have an appoint at the same day? I have a video appointment with gastroenterology. Is that for the [PHI-Personal]? Yes. With gastro,
Nurse: What day is that Friday?
Patient: Thursday, Thursday.
Nurse: The, what is today? [PHI-Personal]?
Patient: I don't know. Don't ask me. I
Nurse: Never do either. I always have to have my calendar in front of me. The days go so fast anymore. They all run together. I feel like,
Patient: Oh
Nurse: Um, ok, so
Patient: Typical
Nurse: Signs and symptoms of menopause would be obviously the irregular periods, but you don't get those because you've had the hysterectomy. So the hot
Patient: Flashes been years. Yeah. Do
Nurse: You get chills?
Patient: Well, the only time I get chills is when I'm soaking wet my clothing and I'm in the air conditioner and I, my body starts to stop producing heat and cool off. Of course, cause I'm all wet. I get chills. So I would say no, I don't get chills. All right. So,
Nurse: Ok, so then all right, so the chills, the hot flashes. Um, night sweats. Do you get night sweats?
Patient: No, I'm just hot all night. I keep lowering the air conditioner at night. My poor husband. Ok.
Nurse: How about sleep problems or mood changes?
Patient: Well, I'm on a sleeping pill for sleep mood changes, [PHI-Personal], do I have mood changes? I don't know. Not really. Ok, Jen. No, [PHI-Personal], what is it? What are the symptoms for colon cancer? Um,
Nurse: Let me see here. That really should be discussed with [PHI-Personal]. Um, do you want me to schedule an appointment to talk with [PHI-Personal] about that?
Patient: Uh, no, because on Thursday I have a gastroenterology appointment. Ok. Yeah. So,
Nurse: Um, I mean, without, did you, did you get a um they did a stool sample on you? That's what I'm trying to say. Right.
Patient: Yes. And everything was negative.
Nurse: Ok, perfect. Um
Patient: I just worry about that because of the [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Yeah. No, I understand that. Um I just don't wanna give you any false information. Colon cancer. It's, you know, uh not like something like hypertension or something where I can just blur it off the signs and symptoms. I would have to research it and I just wanna make sure that you, I were to give you honest research because you know, you can't believe everything out on the internet. So
Patient: You're right, you're absolutely right. But Thursday I had that appointment.
Nurse: Ok? I would advise you to ask those questions at that appointment with [PHI-Personal] because they're gonna be able to give you a better educated answer than, than what I would. And like I said, I don't wanna just give you random information off the internet either.
Patient: I'm sure they will start with the colonoscopy and, and continue it from there.
Nurse: Yeah. So, if I were you between now and Thursday, I would write down any questions that you have as soon as you think of something like, oh, I wanna ask them this, write it down otherwise, you know, that way you don't forget. I know how I can be, I think, oh, I need to ask that and then I get there and I'm like, oh, I totally forgot what I'm gonna ask you. So it's always good to write that stuff down and then you can just kind of go through your list and
Patient: I agree. Yeah. Come on, I forget what my list is done. He says no, baby is hanging
Nurse: On the refrigerator.
Patient: Uh, [PHI-Personal], didn't I hang that on the refrigerator? 00, that's
Nurse: Funny. All right. Well, what I'll do is I'll, um, I'll message [PHI-Personal] just let her know about this. What your concerns are, things like that. I'll let her know that you have that, um, appointment coming up with [PHI-Personal] and just see if she has any other kinds of, of suggestions.
Patient: Thank you. [PHI-Personal]. Oh,
Nurse: You're very welcome. As soon as I hear back from her, I don't, it's 4 30 so I'm not sure if I'll hear from her today, but definitely tomorrow and, uh, I'm here until 5 30. So I'll be checking my messages until then and, uh, I'll get back in touch with you as soon as I hear from her.
Patient: Thank you so much. You're welcome, [PHI-Personal]. Take care you as well. Bye bye
Nurse: Bye.
