Nurse: Oh, yes. Oh, they dilated your eyes this time. Yeah.
Patient: Ok. Ok. So, let's see.
Nurse: I, I know when I spoke with you last time, [PHI-Personal] you were, had a, a slight reaction to the, uh, booster that you had received. And I just wanted to ask, how was your weekend after that and did it subside after a day?
Patient: Yeah. Uh, what I did was I took two of those tablets when I talked to you and then I took, I didn't, I took two the next day and that did the trick. All
Nurse: Right. Good.
Patient: Yeah. II, I, yeah, I didn't wanna, you know, even though it, whatever it is, I just, I took the two tablets and then, like I say, it subsided and then I took two more the next day. I didn't want to keep taking them every so many hours. Oh,
Nurse: No. If it, if it worked well at controlling that low grade fever and, and any muscle pains that you were having then. Good. I'm glad that, that, that worked well for you. And you were still able to go on your trip.
Patient: Oh, yeah. Oh, I was going aches and pain matter.
Nurse: Well, good. I'm glad to hear it didn't hinder your trip or cause any issues. Um, so I'm glad to hear you followed up with the eye doctor. Any changes made any new eye drops, anything added. Uh,
Patient: No, I don't use eye drops. Uh, I had to, well, I had to order my glasses again because I sat on them. Oh no. Yeah. Well, I, I had these reading glasses, you know, for a little while and I went on and order another pair. I gotta, you know, be able to pay for it before they order. So I did that today also. Ok. And let's see. So let's see. Ok, the next thing I have is a meeting with my new va doctor. I think that's what's next. Ok. Is, is, is that what you show?
Nurse: Let me see here. Let me look back at what we just,
Patient: I don't think I have anything else until [PHI-Personal]. Yeah,
Nurse: That's all I'm showing on my end as well.
Patient: I, I'm gonna, uh, let's see, I'm gonna see what she has to say and like I said, that is, well, it, it's like a, I guess an annual with them, you know, they take my weight, BP and there's no, let's see. I don't think there's no fasting in involved in that visit.
Nurse: So, with the new va doctor, right? Ok. It's more or less just establishing patient care. You're going in, meeting them, probably review your chart a little bit and see if you have any concerns.
Patient: Yeah. And like I say, I'll, I'll see if they, if she wants any, the general general stuff from, from doctor because the other one did it. Well, that's what she wanted to do now like say you gotta go, you gotta go and I said I ain't doing that. No, I don't
Nurse: Blame you. Not at all. No. Yeah. Yeah.
Patient: So that's uh let's see. [PHI-Personal] 18th at 11 a.m. That's at the over there mechanics.
Nurse: Alrighty at the ok, I got you down your me. Do you happen to know what your new doctor's name is?
Patient: Oh let's see. I think they gave it to me. I have to find the paperwork. Well, put this way it it's uh it's it's an alphabet name.
Nurse: Ok? That's fine. And after your appointment or the next time I speak with you, we can figure out that name but I have it down then [PHI-Personal] 18th you meet with the new VA doctor at the annex at 11 a.m. and I'm glad to hear you're feeling better too and that symptoms didn't last that long for you.
Patient: Yeah, I'm good for another 100,000
Nurse: Miles. Sounds good to me. [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Ok. You have a good evening now. You
Nurse: Too. Thanks Ralph. Have a good afternoon. Ok, bye bye.
