Nurse: I'm glad to hear it.
Patient: Let's see. Uh, now, um, I just got a phone call from my, um, I wouldn't have thought to call you but I knew I had to return your phone call. So I thought, well, I'll ask her about it. There's a prescription that I don't know why my insurance don't, doesn't wanna fill it. But, uh, they said, uh, the recording said that, uh, the doctor's office did not get back to them. Now, do you wanna hear about this or do you want me to call the office? Oh,
Nurse: No, I can hear about it. I can reach out to the office.
Patient: All right. Let me, um, I don't take this medication very often but I'd like to have it on hand. It's, uh, if I were to have a spasm in my back. Mhm. That's what it's for. Like room. Pardon?
Nurse: It's, um, the Cyclobenzprine.
Patient: Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes, that is what it is. And, uh, they won't refill it. Uh, they won't fill it until they talk to the doctor's office and I do have some of it, but I wouldn't wanna be without it because this back issue that I have is the weirdest thing I could go for ages and it not bother me and then all of a sudden I'll wake up during the night with a back spasm. Oh, no. And so, and it does help, at least it doesn't cringe my nerves so bad. And I get so stressed between, between the Parkinson's and my back that I feel like a million bucks and a head. So, uh, uh, but anyway, that's the only issue I have and it isn't even an urgent one because I very rarely take that. But I do like to have it on hand.
Nurse: Absolutely. Let's see. I can, I'll send a message over, um, to [PHI-Personal] and see if he can reach out to the pharmacy or have [PHI-Personal], reach out to the pharmacy to see what the issue is and what kind of information they need. Um, because I don't see anything in your chart related to a refill or more information needed with this medication.
Patient: Ok. Well, I just was there last through the second I believe. Mhm. And, yeah. No, no, the third. I'm sorry. And, um, so I don't know, I don't know what the issue is but, you know, if, if someone has time and they can check it out, that would be great.
Nurse: Absolutely. And you had some COVID antibody testing done. Right.
Patient: I did, I, uh, I was, when did I go? I volunteer on Tuesdays. I went, yes, it, yesterday, yes, I went yesterday. So she said they should have the results by Monday at the latest.
Nurse: He has them today. He did send a message out for [PHI-Personal] to reach out to you to let you know that it came back. Negative.
Patient: Oh, good, good. Because I wasn't sure that I had, I was sick but not sick enough to, but I just couldn't get out of my own way. And I had these little aches and pains and I can't even say that it was a flu bug. And, uh, so I thought now, could I have had the flu? You know, because some people say they, one of my kids had, um, COVID and they never missed a beat, you know. So it's, it's just, I was curious. Well, I'm glad I didn't have it and that's good. I'm crazy enough about that. Don't need to add to it. Right. No, we don't need any other stress.
Nurse: Let's see. And you did order the BP monitor online because said that they couldn't fill it. Right.
Patient: Yes, I have that. And it, uh, everything is good and my BP, oh, where I'm sitting. I don't have that little calendar but it's never a lot of times it's down in the one, like 35 but the bottom number is always perfect. And my heart rate is perfect but the top number is off, like could be at the high of 1 49 or it could be at the low of 1 38 1 36 something like that. Ok. Didn't seem to be nervous about it when I was there. So
Nurse: No, the bottom number is really, um, sometimes it's more concerning, um, you know, because
Patient: That number I, I'm trying to see if I can see my little calendar that I was keeping track of it on. I don't see it right here, but my bottom number has usually been pretty good here at home.
Nurse: Good. Yeah, it was pretty good in the office the other day too. So, um, yeah, that top number is, um, tells us how much pressure your blood is putting on your artery walls when your heart beats.
Patient: Oh,
Nurse: And the bottom number tells us how much pressure the blood is putting on the artery walls when the heart is at rest. Oh, so if your bottom number is high that can, um, you know, increase your risk of, um, blood clots, stroke, heart attack, you know?
Patient: Oh, ok. That's very good for me to know because now that I know that I will pay, see, I was more concerned about the top number, but I will be more concerned about the bottom number and then if that gets out of control, I will get a hold of your, to and get an appointment. Ok.
Nurse: Yeah. And the, the top number, you know, if you see it steadily rising or, um, is over 1 40 for many days in a row. That's when we wanna reevaluate your medication. Um, because that too, with it being the top number, being high for a long time puts you at risk of cardiovascular disease. Um, it can, that also increases your risk of stroke and heart attack.
Patient: Um, so my top number should remain lower than 1 40. Right. Yep. And my bottom number should be, what?
Nurse: Um, 80 or below?
Patient: Hey, I'll be 80 or be night. Yes. Ok. Well, um, I will, I have a calendar and I can't imagine what I did with it between and today. But anyway, I will, um, I'll get back on to that because I was, I've been healthy for so many years. I don't wanna start neglecting something at this point. Right. So I will continue to check this out and if I, if I go over 1 40 or above 80 I will call you.
Nurse: Ah, perfect. I like that. Yeah. And I'll get working on this Flexeril, um, with the pharmacy and the office and see what we can do here. Ok.
Patient: That is the plan. And if I'm not home, um, just leave a message and I'll get back to you.
Nurse: All right, we can do that. Thank you so much for returning my call.
Patient: You're welcome, [PHI-Personal]. And you have a lovely day and it's gorgeous out there. So, try and get an extra of fresh air.
Nurse: I'm gonna try after, after the weather we had yesterday today is gorgeous. So
Patient: I'll tell you, I know today is like, this gives me hope for spring and then I, I just went out to my Aspin and I'm thinking, yeah. And now in a few days I'm gonna be out here waiting around in a pile of snow. So, yes,
Nurse: That storm that's coming Saturday.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. Oh, well, it's almost over, so I'm not going to worry about it.
Nurse: Absolutely. Almost over for a couple months. We'll have a little bit of relief.
Patient: Yes, we will. Well, all right, my dear. You have a good day. You too. Take care. Bye now. Bye bye.
