Nurse: I got you. That's ok. I can take them down. I'll send, um, Doctor [PHI-Personal] a message with
Patient: Him. Ok. The last two readings, the one was 1 33/74 and the last reading was that I took was 1 28/[PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Awesome. What times were those, do you know about,
Patient: Um, 11 28/[PHI-Personal] was about five minutes ago. The other one was probably about 2 30 I guess.
Nurse: Ok. Just so I can give around about time. Um, well, that's good. So it is, I mean, still progressively coming down. So that's great. Yeah. How are you feeling? Ok. Yeah,
Patient: I feel fine. I'm still a little anxious for some reason. This whole day is just,
Nurse: Yeah, that's probably what it is. You probably were just so over stimulated with the anxiety that, you know.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah, because I still, I still have that little bit of anxiety and I, you know, I don't wanna, I don't think I need to take another half a pill. I'm just gonna ride the day out, you know what I mean? And I feel better because it, it came down, you know? But, uh, yeah, I don't know why I'm just having an off day. Yeah, that
Nurse: Happens. I would just take it easy, try to relax and, you know, hopefully tomorrow will be better. And, um, did you take your LORazepam already today?
Patient: Uh My Valsartan. Are you?
Nurse: No, for your anxiety? Oh
Patient: My, uh, no problem. I, I took that and I always take that first thing in the morning.
Nurse: Oh, in the morning.
Patient: Ok. Yeah, I always take it first thing in the morning and, uh, and, uh, like I said, once, uh, once every two or three weeks I might have to take an extra half, you know, if I'm having a bad day. But that's, that's you
Nurse: To take an extra half tonight, you know, before you go to bed, maybe it at least help you settle to sleep too, you know. Yeah,
Patient: I could do that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I, uh, like I said, I don't know why. It's just, I know what happened Sunday when I had, uh, an anxious day. Like I said, I never took, I never took it in the morning. Uh, and, you know, I, I even said to Jitter, I said, well, that's my, my nickname for him. Uh, I said to him, you know, I feel like I, I didn't take my medication or something. I said that's how I feel. Yeah. And after the half I was fine the rest of the day, you know. Yeah. But so I only needed a half that day. But, uh, because it took care of me the rest of the day. But, and I was fine. Yester, I was fine on Monday. Fine on Monday, Monday. So, yeah, Sunday night until Sunday night. I was fine. We played Dominoes. My grandson came up, my sister was here, we played Domino's until late and we were having a good time and everything yesterday I got up, I was fine. I was supposed to go to the doctor yesterday and I missed it. I wrote it down for the second. I could have sworn they said the second. But, and that's what I had it written down for. So I was fine yesterday. But I didn't know I, I didn't think I had a doctor appointment yesterday. Huh? That's so, anyway, you know, and I having problems yesterday, like I said, we went off and took the kids and I was tired when I came home last night. I was, you know, because I, yeah, we were out walking the golf course, the mini golf courses and all that kind of stuff. And we had them there for hours and, uh, you know, I was busy all morning before we went. And then so, yeah, I had a long day yesterday and then I got up knowing and I, they called me and said you missed your appointment. I said, oh God, I can't believe that. And then I guess I had this on my mind that I was going this morning, you know, when I went to bed last night I thought about it and I get up and II, I get busy and that, but it was still on my mind, you know, that I had to go over there and right, I just got myself all worked up. Oh, so,
Nurse: Well, hopefully, yeah, hopefully tomorrow's better if it's not give me a call. Yeah, I will let, let the doctor know and see if he has any other suggestions.
Patient: Ok. Yeah, I will. Like I said, it's, it's coming down and it's, I'm thinking by tonight it's probably gonna be down in the, well, the top is pretty close to my normal what it's been, you know, normally. Yeah. And usually, you know, I mean, sometimes it, it's been hitting [PHI-Personal] you know, and in the seventies, but not, not that much. I don't think it's usually in the sixties, the bottom one.
Nurse: Mhm. So, yeah. Well, these readings look great. I mean, there's problem with those. So,
Patient: Yeah. So, you know, and I'm starting to calm down a little bit more now because it's coming down that had me work, you know, because it was so high. But, uh, yeah, so I only took the other ha, I mean, I didn't take another half. I took 11 half when I came home. Ok. And they're coming down, you know, with just the half that I took. Yeah. So, I don't know, I, I don't know if I should take another half or not. I think, I think I'll just let it go because I don't think 1 28/[PHI-Personal] is bad.
Nurse: No, that's actually a really good reading. I, I agree. I would just let it go because, you know, it's gonna, as you continue to calm down as well, you know, from the anxiety it's gonna come down naturally anyway. Yeah. So I would, yeah, I think I would, if I were you, I would just stick with what you had, what you took today. Um, you know, see how you feel. I would definitely check it again before you go to bed and then,
Patient: Yeah, I will, I would def definitely do that. I actually had it down in my office today and I was checking it and it, and it was coming down, you know what I mean? Like, and when nobody was in I, I'd go over and check it and it was gradually, you know, coming down so good. Yeah. So, Ok. Well, yeah, I just, like I said, I just wanted to call and give them that last two readings and, and, uh, that was it. And then I guess I just have to wait until the blood work comes back and see if there's anything going on.
Nurse: Let me jump in your chart here real quick. No, they're not in there yet.
Patient: Yeah. Um, I mean, normally when I go that my, the only real problem I have, you know, with my regular six month thing is my cholesterol runs high, but I have a lot, a lot, like a lot of the good cholesterol. Yeah. And he's been letting me stay off the medicine because of the, you know, the amount of good cholesterol that I have, you know, the reading I had on that. Um, and I thought, I thought, you know, and I've been trying to stay away from the cheese and all that kind of stuff and I don't eat a whole lot of red meat and stuff like that. So I thought, well, we'll see how it is the next time, but normally the read, I don't know what kind of readings you get done on those kind of things, but mine are always in, you know, fine. Mhm. You know what, what they test you for, you know, every six months. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. Um, yeah, I mean, as long if your cholesterol is good then that's good. That, uh, let me see where
Patient: I mean, it's high, it's high but I had like, what, six was it? 67 whatever they call it, the good cholesterol reading of 60 5, 52.
Nurse: Uh, hold on, let me look here. This was from, why is there no date on here? [PHI-Personal]. This is from [PHI-Personal]. Mhm. Um, lipids. So, uh, it was elevated a little bit in that one, but not far. And that's, I mean, with that, that's as simple as, you know, really just changing the diet because you weren't very far above where you should be and uh, diet can help that, you know. Yeah.
Patient: And I thought all my other readings came back within range and everything.
Nurse: They were. Yeah, everything else on there looks good.
Patient: Oh, well, I'll just have to wait and see.
Nurse: Yeah, hopefully they'll be in there first thing in the morning. He can review those and then we can, we'll get in touch with you and let you know. Ok, they say all right. Well, try to relax and just have a, and, you know, enjoy your relaxing evening and,
Patient: Oh, I have to work.
Nurse: Well,
Patient: I have three hours of work. That's alright. I feel like I said, my, it's down and I'm, I'm more calm than I was. I mean, I felt fine. It's just, I was anxious but I'm not, I'm not so anxious anymore. So good. Good. So it'll go fine.
Nurse: Yeah. Well, let me know if you need anything I'm always here. Ok. All right. Thanks a lot. You're welcome. Have a good evening.
Patient: Yep. You too.
Nurse: So long. Bye bye bye.
