Nurse: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is uh Chad [PHI-Personal] giving you a call back. Hi, how are you?
Nurse: Good, how are you? Good. I was just calling to do your monthly checking call. How have you been doing? Uh, pretty good.
Patient: I did a couple of weeks ago. I think they were supposed to forward it over to you, but I did get my flu shot and updated COVID booster.
Nurse: Um, can you verify your date of birth for me? I'm pulling up your chart now. Yeah,
Patient: I'm sorry. Uh 2 23. 2 23 93.
Nurse: Perfect. Yep. So I saw you got that on [PHI-Personal]. Um Good. Did you get, did you get the newest COVID booster? The Bivalent as well?
Patient: Yeah. So the pharmacist said it. So it was the Pfizer one. That's just what they had. Um, and it's the, yeah, it says five whatever that means. So, yeah, it is what they wrote on the card. So
Nurse: That's good. That's, that's the new one that covers the new variant. So it's good to have that one. Yeah, that's, that's great. Um, let's see. How's your BP been doing?
Patient: Um, been doing good. It's uh come down significantly since the last couple of appointments that I've had. So, uh, I think the, uh, still having some issues with my digestion and stuff. So I think when I get that colonoscopy next month, that might give us some issues too. I don't know if digestion can affect your BP or not, but um, the BP does seem to be coming down and very stable. So
Nurse: Good. What, what's it been averaging? Like roughly?
Patient: Uh, so it's usually right around the 1 20. The low, the, the bottom number is, uh, always lower than 80. Like this morning. It was like 72 or something. Uh, the, the upper, yeah, the upper number just depending on, you know, what I eat or, uh, whatever it, if it's in the morning before I took my BP medicine, it can be like 1 25. Uh, but once I take that it's usually around the 1 20 the lower number is never, never high though. I don't know if that matters or not, but
Nurse: That's good. Yeah, you just want the top number under 1 40 the bottom number nine under 90. So those are both good numbers. Um, yeah. How much, how much exercise have you been getting?
Patient: Uh, so I'm a big outdoor person, you know, with the walking. So I try to walk, you know, at least a mile, usually upwards of two miles every day. Um, it's a little bit colder now, so I'm sure that'll play a part in how much I can walk. But I usually try to walk at least a mile if not to, every day.
Nurse: Yeah. You wanna, for, for your BP? You wanna aim for at least like, 30 minutes most days of the week. Um, so it's like you wanna, like, do, like, 100 50 minutes of moderate or like 75 minutes of vigor, vigor or a combination of the two is kind of what you, what, what you, you know, they want you to do. Um, I feel like for me, a mile is like, if I'm walking like fast is like, 20 minutes personally.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. So usually for me, um, on the walk at our house, uh, like I said, it's usually about two miles. It's usually around 40 45 minutes, just depending because it's, we live on a farm. It's a dirt road so it's downhill, going down and then it's uphill the whole way back. So coming back can take a little bit longer. It's not like a track or something that's perfectly flat.
Nurse: Yeah. Ok. So it's about 45 minutes. That's still good. Um, do you have like, a smart watch or anything? So you can see if your heart rate's getting up?
Patient: Yeah, I have a smart watch and then obviously a smart phone that tells me how far I walk. So
Nurse: Good. That's good. Um, we go everything. Do you need any medication refills?
Patient: No, I don't, I don't think so. Trying to think. Um, no, I don't think so. I think I'm good there and then I think I have my follow up, um, visit with neurology. I think it's next month. I forget the exact date. I have to look at the calendar but follow up with him, we're still weaning off the predniSONE. So I think once I'm fully off the predniSONE that might help the BP as well. So I'm hoping anyhow,
Nurse: Pro probably, well, that's, that's uh I think that's a good goal. Um So hopefully that'll bring it down a little further. But I mean, right now you're in the, you know, 1 20 over seventies is really good. So, you know, keep that up. Um Let's see. Any, do you have any medical concerns or anything you want me to pass on to [PHI-Personal], anything new going on? Um
Patient: And like I said, I'm just waiting to see with the colonoscopy if anything comes out of that because I, I do have some digestive stuff still going on. It seems like it's getting a little better the last month or so. Um, but it's a lot of bloating and, um just, it takes a while for my digest and I did that emptying study and that came back. Ok, though. So that made me feel good. Um I have noticed, um, you know, the last few weeks, uh you know, I, when I wipe sometimes and it's weird to talk to somebody but when I wipe, uh, when I wipe sometimes I'm getting like some red blood on my tissue paper. So I don't know if it's just because I'm straining because I'm constipated or what the case is. So, again, I think that'll be interesting, you know, with the colonoscopy if they find anything.
Nurse: So, yeah. Is it like a small amount or like like dots of it or is it like soaking the toilet paper? Like how much is a small amount? It's not,
Patient: It's not soaking the toilet, it's a steady wipe, you know, like if you wipe your, your stool or something, it, it shows up as a point. Yeah, like a yeah.
Nurse: So if it was up like a little bit higher in your digestive tract you'd be having, it would be like black Coffee Ground type deal. Um It might be, do you have a history of like hemorrhoids?
Patient: Uh No. Um I know my mom has like uh my mom had like irritable bowel and my grandmother has Crohn's and things like that. So I don't know if it's that, but I don't, I, I've never had a hemorrhoid. I'm sure it's a possibility though.
Nurse: Um Yeah, it's still, I mean, colonoscopy is gonna be the best way to kind of check that if there's nothing external that you can see. Um um I'm gonna let [PHI-Personal] know what's happening if it gets worse. Like you notice there's an increase, let us know.
Patient: My, my stool is very, you know, it's inconsistent and I think I've said that at my physicals and stuff and I, I said that to g, I, when I was in and saw that doctor as well. Some days it's a loose and it's a paste other days it's solid, but typically it's like in between, it's like a thick paste if that makes sense. So,
Nurse: Yeah, I mean, so if it's, if it, are you noticing the red more when you're like kind of constipated and it's harder and you're like, is that kind of when it's happening?
Patient: Uh Yeah. Yeah, I would say so. It's usually not like in the morning if I have a wonderful stool you live and die. But if you can go to the bathroom or not. Um, but, you know, if I have a great stool in the morning, I usually it's not an issue as, as the day goes on and I eat a little bit or whatever the case is it, like you said, if I strain a lot, then I'll notice the irritation or I can get the redness in the, the streak when I went.
Nurse: Yeah. So just try to drink a lot of fluids to kind of help smooth everything out. Like make sure you're getting enough fiber from, you know, fresh fruit and vegetables, stay active. Um Well, so like hot beverages can also help if you have it in the morning, like before your morning movement, like decaffeinated, decaffeinated coffee or tea, um, warm juice. Um, there are like over the counter things like Metamucil or benefiber that could kind of help, you know, add more bulk, which helps things move faster, but like getting a lot of water, maybe even an over the counter stool. So softener might help. I know it's hard. You're inconsistent though.
Patient: And she um the last couple of times I was in and seen her messaged her through the patient portal. Um Had me go on like uh what is it? The Metamucil uh the fiber stuff uh that should be in my chart. So I, I take that um so I take extra fiber uh to help with that over the counter. Um And then the Miralax, I guess too, I'm supposed to take as well. Ok. Now, my neurologist, the last time I was in, I also asked him about it. He said it's not uncommon for people with small fiber neuropathy and uh the sinus gravis, the neurological muscle condition that I have to have issues with bowel movements and stuff. So he wasn't overly concerned. Obviously, he's not a G I doctor. So I don't think that's on the top of his priority list. Um But did say that that is a pretty common thing that he sees from the neuro neurology. Uh standpoint is people that struggle with constipation and things. So,
Nurse: Yeah. And you just, yeah, and you just, we just don't wanna miss it. Like, just, you know, you like you having constipation, we don't wanna accidentally miss like, you know, an internal ulcer or anything like that. Are you losing a lot of blood? So if you notice like, it's black or coffee grounds or anything like that, like call right away because it's a sign or if there's like a big increase, you don't wanna lose too much blood. Um, and I can too, I can let you know too if [PHI-Personal] has anything, you know, to say besides that, since you're already kind of managing the constipation and neurology knows about it. But I can let you know if she has any other suggestions.
Patient: Yeah, that sounds good. And like I said, I, I'm curious, they're super backed up. I saw them way back in, I think like September, August or something, but they're backed up to get a, uh, colonoscopy at the hospital. But I am curious to see if that shows anything, not that I want anything else added to my chart. But at least then if I know I have like irritable bowel or something like that, you know, I know how I have it and I can manage it, you know, move forward. Whereas right now I'm just kind of in limbo trying to make up my best guess. So.
Nurse: Exactly. I mean, yeah, once, once, you know, kind of, if, if you know that there's something going on. It's easier to manage it, you know, you know what to do.
Patient: Exactly. It's kind of like me for a couple of years there and trying to figure out from the neurological standpoint what condition I had there. And finally after a few years that ran into the right Neuromusculoskeletal neurologist and he figured out I had the gra so, uh, but until we knew what it was, it was, you know, you're just guessing as far as trying to treat it and manage it. So,
Nurse: So, you know, f fingers crossed, I mean, hopefully there's, you know, nothing wrong with your colonoscopy. But hey, um, you
Patient: Know, you never know. Hopefully not, obviously, like I said, I don't need anything else going on. Yeah, I know. Um, and I did, I haven't heard back from them yet. I did get a message through my, my chart, a singer. They did, I think one last uh genetic test as well. Um, because they found a gene, I think I told you last month that I had a whole duplication of, but they're not sure if it has significance or not because there's never been a case and it's with the s, well, I did get a message, they ran those tests and like I, I don't understand it but it basically they, the notes from the doctor that she recommended genetic counseling and they're supposed to call me or whatever. But something about there's a whole sequence that was copied or something. Um Might not,
Nurse: You might, you might not have the duplicate gene then.
Patient: No, I do. I do. But it was, it's not only just that gene from what I read, it was like a whole sequence of, of genes on the neurological spectrum of, you know, um the my gravis ones that they were looking at. There's a bunch of them also that look at like neuropathy and things like that as well. So it's just the not, is the notes that I read from the doctor and it said they recommend genetic counseling. And again, um I haven't heard back or whatever the case was and who knows, it might just be, they recommend it because they're not sure what the clinical significance is kind of like with the my gravis gene that I told you about last month. They're not sure because they've never had someone that had a whole extra copy.
Nurse: So, yeah. Yeah. Well, I don't know, hopefully, hopefully they can kind of, I don't know, come up, come up with some answers. Sorry, sorry. And
Patient: I don't know, I don't know if it's gonna be helpful or not, you know. Um, as far as neurology goes, uh, is it they don't know? Yeah. If they don't know 100% if it has significance or not, just because they've never had a case, then it really doesn't help my neurologist. But I can at least share the information, I guess so.
Nurse: Yeah, it can, it can be your, your new fun fact if, you know, you have to do 22 trips in life. So, you know, at the very least it's interesting. Right.
Patient: And if, and if nothing else it does help the neurologist, like there is an extra copy of this gene that's specifically linked to the my gravis. So they know. Yeah. But, hey, we're on, you know, we are on the right track, obviously. So,
Nurse: Yeah, maybe they'll make you a case study.
Patient: He did tell me my neurologist told me he was gonna write a paper up on me because I started out with the re and then after the re stuff, um is when the gravis came in and they've never, he never treated a patient that had both simultaneously. Uh He got, he said he was gonna write up a paper about me because it could help someone.
Nurse: Well, let me know that, you know, when it comes out because you're basically going to be famous. So, yeah, keep, keep me updated. I'll read it.
Patient: Yeah. And, and I guess the other thing that was interesting for him too is I was only, what, four or five years ago? So I was only [PHI-Personal] when this all happened. Then I got to go in and all that stuff. So I think that personally, I think that's the reason why I never ended up on a ventilator like a lot of people do is I think it was just because I was younger and my body handled it better than a lot of people that are in their forties and fifties that get it. You know. Unfortunately, unfortunately I still have, you know, I, I still have all the residual stuff that goes along with it and I'm just grateful I didn't have it as severe as other people had it. So.
Nurse: Yeah, exactly. So it's good to stay positive. Well, um thank
Patient: You for checking in. I appreciate it.
Nurse: Yeah, of course. It's my pleasure. Um So you have my number if you, if you need anything at all, I'm here, you know, Monday to Friday, 8 to 4 30. Um, otherwise if, if I don't hear from you, I'm gonna give you a call around this time next month. Ok.
Patient: Yeah, by that point I probably will have had the colonoscopy. I think I might even have followed up with neurology and stuff.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, I'll keep an eye on your chart to see if anything comes through too.
Patient: All right. Well, thank you. I appreciate it.
Nurse: My pleasure was, well, thanks for taking or calling me back. Um You know, I hope you have a happy Thanksgiving. Stay safe.
Patient: You as well. It's snowing up here. I don't know about Williamsport, but snow, I
Nurse: Act, I'm actually in Tampa, [PHI-Geographic]. It's definitely not snowing here. I work. Oh, wow.
Patient: Ok. So you work, do you work for [PHI-Geographic] though.
Nurse: So I work, it's, we're contracted with [PHI-Geographic] but I only, and I only talk to [PHI-Geographic] patients. Um, but technically, so they don't, so signal a, you know, it's called Signal A health and I, they only provide nurse case management systems and we um like services and we're partnered with [PHI-Geographic].
Patient: Oh, that's cool. So, you guys are clear down, you're clear down in [PHI-Geographic].
Nurse: Nice. Yeah, there's a lot of nurses like in Pennsylvania and around that area just, I just don't happen to be one of
Patient: Them. Nice. Well, enjoy your nice weather. We have to shovel probably tonight. So I'll get my exercise.
Nurse: It's, it's actually been a little cold. It's been in the seventies. It's been rough for me. So.
Patient: Well, thanks, [PHI-Personal]. You have a good evening and weekend and happy Thanksgiving. Thank
Nurse: You. You too. All right. Bye bye.
