Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal] with the care management team. How can I help you?
Patient: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal] calling back. I received a call from you earlier today about, uh, some new program. Yes,
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. Thank you for getting back to me. How are you doing today? Ok, good. Um, I just wanted to go over the information about the new program. Doctor [PHI-Personal] is offering. Do you have a couple minutes for me to go over it with you now?
Patient: A few? Yeah. Ok.
Nurse: All right. Uh, [PHI-Personal], the call is recorded just for quality purposes. Ok. Ok. Um, it's a new care management program and that's just where our nurse is gonna call and check in with you, see how you're doing in between office visits. Uh, she's gonna go over your full medical health with you answering any questions addressing any issues or concerns that you may be having. Uh, she'll also go over any medications if you're taking any. So if you had questions or if you needed refills, um, or if you had questions and needed help with appointments, labs, community resources. Those are just some of the things that your nurse would discuss with you during the phone call. Ok. Now, um, [PHI-Personal], the service is considered to be an office visit. So it's billable to Medicare and Medicare Advantage plans and secondary insurance carriers. Uh, it's subject to coinsurances and deductibles and co payments. So, when you have contact with your dedicated nurse, you may get a statement from the practice for this service. Now, you do get to choose how often your nurse calls you. So if you'd like her to call you once a month or once every three months, six months or even just once a year, that's up to you. I'll mail you a letter to the program and it'll have your dedicated nurses contact information in there so you can call her with any questions or concerns also. Ok. Oh, [PHI-Personal], would you prefer for your nurse to call you in the mornings or in the afternoons?
Patient: I, I don't think I'm interested in this program.
Nurse: Ok. Well, that, that's ok. The, the program is optional. So you are able to enroll or opt out at any time. Just helps doctor Charles stay on top of how his patients are doing in between appointments with him. Um, what I'd like to do if you don't mind is just mail you the information you could look it over if you change your mind. You could just let doctor, uh, Charles know. Ok. Ok. All right. Well, you have a great weekend, Cindy and stay safe. You too. Bye. Bye. Thank you. Bye bye.
