Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you?
Patient: Oh, yeah, this is calling me back. Hey, how
Nurse: Are you?
Patient: I'm ok. How you
Nurse: Doing? Good. Thanks for asking. Let me get into your chart real quick here. Give me one second. Oh, and two. Ok. All right. And you've seen the doctor last month or sorry? Last week? Wow.
Patient: Correct. Last Tuesday.
Nurse: Ok. And what did they change? Oh,
Patient: Let's see. The amLODIPine.
Nurse: Did they change it from 10? Back to five?
Patient: Yes. Ok. Because I told him that my ankles were like tight and swelling.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: You know, it felt like when I was out doing, walking around, doing stuff, yard work, whatever, whatever I come in and be like, oh, man, my skin feels tight. He said he said right away it was, I thought maybe it was the other one, the, or whatever that is. Mhm. But he said, no, that's right away. He said that's the,
Nurse: Yep, that'll do it. Ok. And then what, how has your, so you changed that down to five? How is the swelling doing? Oh, good. That's good. All right. And then how is your, did you, you took your BP cuff in with you this time too. Yep. And it matched up. Ok.
Patient: I guess he didn't say nothing. He didn't tell me what the readings were. He just told me to do what he does.
Nurse: Ok. And have you [PHI-Personal], go ahead.
Patient: He just said, you know, to keep doing that, what I'm doing.
Nurse: Ok. And have you continued monitoring your BP over the last week?
Patient: Yeah, I took it the [PHI-Personal] that was Sunday or Saturday at 12 o'clock it was 1 43 85. Mhm. And [PHI-Account]. Ok. And then I took it yesterday 10 o'clock in the morning, I guess I can't read my chicken scratch here. Uh it was [PHI-Account]. Ok. [PHI-Account] man. No, I just took it sitting here before I called you and I got [PHI-Account]. Mhm. [PHI-Account] [PHI-Account].
Nurse: Ok. And what did they say? Because I was looking through the note here like when does he want to see you back next month? Like
Patient: He didn't tell you. Yeah, I have a six, every six months. So I'm scheduled to go this like the third or fourth week. Third. It's like four or five weeks. Ok. It's in the [PHI-Personal] or end end of [PHI-Personal] or something?
Nurse: Ok. And then since you went last week on the sixth, you didn't check it at all until the [PHI-Personal]. Right. Right. Ok. All right. So, let me see. Hm. All right. Well, I will send the message in office, just give or send the message in office, send the office a message and then just give them an update on your BP readings. And then if they have anything else to say, then either the office or I will give you a call back and let you know what the doctor says.
Patient: Yeah, he said just take it like maybe three times a week.
Nurse: Ok. Did he want you to report back to him though? No,
Patient: No, he just said that he'd see me in like five or six weeks. So we just see how it's going until then.
Nurse: Oh, ok. Alrighty then and that appointment is on [PHI-Personal] at 7 a.m. Ok. So if that BP stays consistently high again though like if it remains in those one fifties, um just give me a call or call the office just to let him know because you had, you had a few good readings. You're in the one thirties and one forties. You just had a couple on the 12th that were in the one fifties. So if it stays consistently about in the one fifties, um just make sure you're either reaching out to uh me or somebody there in the office. Alright. Ok. And then is [PHI-Personal] around for me to check in with her while I have you on the phone.
Patient: Oh, yeah, let me see if I can get her. Ok, hold on in the hospital.
Nurse: Hello? Hey, Barba, it's your nurse care manager? Hi. Hey, how are you? Um, I'm doing good, good. I was just calling to check in, um, with Dennis just with his blood pressures and stuff. And so I just figured I'd talk to you for a few minutes too. That way. I don't have to bother you guys until next month. Oh, ok. That's fine. Let me see here. If there's been anything new with yours. Do you have any questions or concerns at all for me today? No, I don't think so. Ok. And then there's that, and you have not had any changes because I just spoke with you about three weeks ago, right? You haven't had any changes? No. Ok. And actually that, um, last prescription that I was given for my, um, acid reflux. I mean that is helping. I don't have any heartburn anymore or the acid reflux. Ok, good. Now, were you just recently prescribed? Yes, cause you were supposed to stop the aspirin. And then you've seen the gastro, if I remember correctly, correct. You've seen a gastro and you had an upper scope done and they're the ones who prescribe the pantoprazole. Correct? Perfect. That's good. I'm so glad that's helping it is. And I mean, I try to watch a little bit with my, what I'm eating and, and, uh, drinking. Um, but I mean, it, it's definitely helping. Oh, good. That's wonderful. Yeah, that medicine, uh, some good stuff to help with the acid reflux. Yes. And, um, just in general, like, just a few things that can help, um, with the acid reflux. Um, you know, uh, I'm gonna space exactly what I was gonna say. Um, like red sauces and stuff like that. Spicy foods, fatty foods, those can all aggravate, um, acid reflux in general. Um, so if you, I know, I know they're all the best foods. I know. I know it's, so I have acid reflux. I also have to take pantoprazole so I get it. Um, but, um, just triggers that can do is like the fatty fried or spice seafoods. Um, certain beverages, you know, such as alcohol or coffee can sometimes can also trigger it. Um, and then obviously the medications such as Aspirin, which is why they stopped you with that medication because that can contribute as well. But, yeah, and, you know, just make sure you're trying to eat like smaller meals and that you're not eating late at night. Um, because eating bigger meals and eating late at night can, you know, can trigger those symptoms as well. Um, so those are just things to try to keep those flare ups down. Um, but I'm so glad to hear that's working out for you. That's good. Yeah, so far it is that stuff that's, uh, that can be, that can be some painful stuff to deal with that stuff, to deal with those acid reflux sometimes. So I'm glad it's working out for you. Ok. Perfect. Ok. Well, I told Dennis, um, that, I mean, the doctor kind of said we're gonna change your medications and I'll see you in 4 to 6 weeks. So, um, I told him that if his BP remains, if that top number remains in the one fifties to just call either the office or call me. Um we don't want hanging out there too long. Um, so he has, he only had two readings that were in the one fifties, most of them were in the one thirties, one forties. So um, but they told him to only check it a couple times a week and follow up in July. So, but if it stays in the one fifties or that bottom number gets into the nineties, um just make sure he either calls me or the office just to give him a heads up because we just we just wanna keep that under control as much as we can there. Ok. Alright. Well I hope you guys have a great week and I will talk to you next month. Thank you. Mhm. Bye bye bye.
