Nurse: Care management thing.
Patient: Uh Yes, I got a voice message from uh [PHI-Personal], I think. Ok.
Nurse: Yes, ma'am. This is [PHI-Personal]. What's your name?
Patient: This is [PHI-Personal]
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Give me just a second. Ok. Yes, ma'am, MS [PHI-Personal]. How are you doing today? I'm pretty good. Good. Yes, ma'am. So I was just reaching out to you um on behalf of doctor [PHI-Personal] regarding a new care management program that she is providing and she's encouraging it. Um And so what the program is, is that a nurse will call you in between your office visits just to make sure that you're doing ok and that your medical needs are being met. Um She can answer any type of concerns you may have, she can go over lab and test results, community resources, um medication refills, prescription cost reductions, appointments, referrals, basically anything involving your health. She would just be an added support person or your go to person who will keep Doctor [PHI-Personal] up to date on all of your current conditions as well as if you were to have any type of changes in your condition. So instead of just talking to various people, you'll just communicate directly with her and she'll make sure that Doctor [PHI-Personal] stays up to date on everything um concerning your health. Um And so the program is just designed to provide you with some additional care and support in between your office visits. Um It is also designed to try to help improve and promote your overall health and well being. It's a billable service to Medicare, Medicare Advantage and secondary insurance. So it might be subject to deductible copay, coinsurance looks like you have Medicare, [PHI-Personal]. So you will qualify. And if you want to try the pro um try the program, the nurse can either reach out to you like on a monthly basis every couple of months or every three months, whichever you feel would, you know, work better for you and we'll mail you out a letter and it'll have the nurses information on it and you can reach out to her at any time as many times as you may need to m [PHI-Personal].
Patient: What's the cost of this trip?
Nurse: Ok. So as long as your Medicare deductible has been met, then Medicare will pay 80% of your secondary should pick up the 20%. So you shouldn'[PHI-Personal] have to pay anything out of pocket.
Patient: Ok. So if we have a problem, then I I'm used to calling uh Doctor [PHI-Personal] office to set up an appointment and that there. So how do we do? How do you, so you will
Nurse: Call? So you will call, I will mail you out a letter with your nurse's name and information and you will call her and let her know what the issue is. She'll communicated it directly with doctor and then doctor [PHI-Personal] will determine, you know, like the next steps if she needs to see you or if it's something that she can just get the nurse to handle, um, over the phone or if you need an appointment, then she can just, you know, she can expedite the appointments. If she, she'll talk to you rather than you, then you talk to the receptionist. And if she feels that the, you know, that the visit is urgent, then she, you know, and they might tell you that they don'[PHI-Personal] have any open appointments. Well, she can expedite it and make sure that, you know, if Doctor [PHI-Personal] or if she deems that it is urgent that they go ahead and get you in that same day,
Patient: This person that you're talking to, is that an RN or, I mean, yes, ma'am. Ok. Is it one of her staff that she has now?
Nurse: Well, it's somebody that um she has hired to take some of the work load because they had the um one of the nurses there was kind of doing the program like that. So she wanted to take the work load off of um the clinical staff. So she just hired um an additional nurse just to um do this care management program.
Patient: Oh, that sounds pretty good. Actually I know gets very busy with all of her clients but she, most of the time she sends me to a doctor who,
Nurse: Yes, ma'am nurse practitioner.
Patient: Yeah. So, how does that work?
Nurse: Um, it will probably be, uh, you know, like, if, for whatever reason, um, if you needed an appointment or something with doctor the heart and for whatever reason, you know, like she couldn'[PHI-Personal] get you in or whatever. Um, like I said, the nurse will communicate that with her and then she will determine, well, you know, that her schedule is overloaded, but she will communicate with hope and um you know, and just to call you and let you know that hope will be able to take, to see you and take care of whatever the issue is that you might be having at that time.
Patient: Yeah, cause I gonna say most of the time I see doctor hope anyway cause uh Doctor [PHI-Personal] pretty busy.
Nurse: Yes, ma'am. So, I mean, like if you wanna try it and if it does not meet your expectations so far, we've been having great success with it. But if for whatever reason it does not, you know, meet your expectations of the way that you feel that it should work, then you can always just, you know, opt out of it at any time is like no obligation or anything like that. But if it's something, if you wanna try, you know, you can definitely try it and see how it works. And like I said, if it don'[PHI-Personal] work out, then you can just, you know, tell the nurse to just opt you out of it and then you can just
Patient: So, so each time we contact this individual that you set me up with, then I would be charged. Kind of like a
Nurse: Doctor. No, ma'am. No, ma'am. Not every time that you contact her, but like if you set it up, um, for every three months, then it's just when she calls you, you can call her as many times you need to, you won'[PHI-Personal] be, be able to charge for that. It'll just be, you know, the times when she actually, you know, reach out to you every month or every couple months or every three months, whichever then just for those times. But if you call her, no ma'am, you will not be your insurance or anything, will not be billed for that.
Patient: Ok. I, I see now what you're talking about. So do they, do they do it like a Facebook or Facetime type of a thing or they
Nurse: Can. But, uh, really is, it's, it's mainly just a phone call, just
Patient: A phone call. Ok. Yes, ma'am. But why don'[PHI-Personal] you go ahead and put me on the program? Um, I, I don'[PHI-Personal] know. Um, uh, so I can call in but because I have trouble sometimes with BP and until I call them and, uh, ask her what she needs, if she thinks needs to see me or just the prescription or whatever or whatever,
Nurse: Then you could just call the n, and she can take care of that for you that you having to, you know, wait to, you know, play phone tag and that sort of thing.
Patient: Yeah. And, and that, I see that as being a benefit and I know you guys are busy. Um, ok, so sometimes it's hard to schedule me, uh, like, like if she's gonna try to do a, uh, it's gonna be hard to try to catch me. Like if she's gonna try to do it every two or three months, check up type thing, that's gonna be hard, uh, for her to get hold of because I, I work very different hours. I work nights. I work days. It just, uh, well, she'll do,
Nurse: You can just tell me what would be a good time maybe next week and she'll just do like an initial assessment and you can just let her know then, you know, and then, um, you know, she can go from there with when she, when she can do your calls, like depending on what, what your shifts you can just let her know.
Patient: Mhm. Ok. Well, let me get back with you on this. If I'm gonna go ahead and go with it because of my schedule, it's, it's such a mess. Um, I work in A N I work in a nursing home so it's like all over the place just this
Nurse: One. Ok. Ok. But like I said, I mean she can leave you a message and you can you know, always call um call her back if that's an option for you MS [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Mm um. Ok go ahead and sign me up and I mean for me to call in the the calling out is gonna be an issue for her to try to schedule every two. That kind of thing is gonna be very difficult but calling in and trying to get hold of her, uh, for a question like, ok, I, I know a good one was where do you recommend my BP to be before I end up in the hospital, you know, going to, er, I was thankful that she was there to tell me what recommend what I needed to do those kind of questions. Um, instead of bothering the, the RN because I had to wait and wait. Um, yeah, yeah, II I like that idea. Uh, but calling me is gonna be very difficult besides that. I have a farm. I'm not at work. I, I'm outside so, and I don'[PHI-Personal] carry my phone with me because I can'[PHI-Personal] hear it on the tractor. Ok. So
Nurse: I'll just, yes ma'am, I'll just do you inbound. It means that you will just call me like if you need something. Um, and I'll just mail you out the information to the PO box for?
Patient: Ok. Ok, that, that, that sounds great. Ok.
Nurse: All right, thank you.
Patient: Thank you.
Nurse: Yes, ma'am. Bye bye bye.
