Nurse: Good morning.
Patient: Good morning. This is [PHI-Personal]. How are, how are you doing? Well, I'm in a lot of pain.
Nurse: I'm sorry to hear that. Hold on one second. I'm, I, I'm trying to get into your chart. Ok. How was your holiday? Uh,
Patient: Good, quiet.
Nurse: It was quiet. Nothing wrong with quiet. Right.
Patient: That's right. We get, we got food, rest and things like that.
Nurse: Well, thank goodness for that. Where are you having the pain at
Patient: That same place in the hips and down the thighs?
Nurse: What number would you put on your pain today?
Patient: Well, today, about a seven, a
Nurse: Seven. All right. Hang on a second here. Sister [PHI-Personal]. Let me trying to get in. I'm doing a couple of things at once. So it's your left side, left hip?
Patient: No, it's the, uh, the right.
Nurse: OK. It's both. Ok. So it's both hips and down your legs, right? Seven out of [PHI-Personal]. Is it constant? Ok. Does it feel like a stabbing or a throbbing or like, how would you,
Patient: It's just an ache like, uh, when I sit down, it just hurts when I get up to walk, it still hurts, you know? Trying to sleep. It's hard because it's, you know, the, the two hips in the back. So you, if you sit down or lay down, you're laying on your back. So you're on them anyway. I try to get on one side or the other and see if that would help, but sometimes it does and sometimes it doesn't. So, almost every three or four hours I was taking the Tylenol to kind of ease the burden a little bit so I could sleep. Right. Because, um, I know we took a lot of tests. I'm hoping by now they can, they got some of the results and would give me some information on what we're gonna do about this pain.
Nurse: Yeah, let me see if anything. I mean, e even if things came in and he didn't address them, I'm not gonna be able to like, comment on anything because I'm not the doctor, you know. Um,
Patient: I just wondered if by now everything came in.
Nurse: When did you last have something done? How long ago? I'm still trying to get in the chart just because this is slow today.
Patient: Ok. Um, let's see. When was I there last, the last, last one? Was that body body study? I'm trying to see what day it was. Yeah. So when did I go for that? Ok. I got that on, uh, on the [PHI-Personal]. That was the last test.
Nurse: Ok. And you haven't heard back anything as of
Patient: Yet. No, I was presuming he wasn't doing anything before the holidays, but I'm hoping by now he would have some kind of results and see what we can do about it. Are we talking, you know, something drastic like chemo or radiation or something that will help to relieve the pressure?
Nurse: Yeah. Let me see here. All I can see is the last time doctor said, um, they're waiting on, I guess, I guess the big thing is the tissue pathology to come back from urology because that tissue is gonna say what type of tumor it is. And then from there, oncology can advise what type of treatments for you to have.
Patient: Well, we should have all those, uh, re uh, results already because, um, ok. Well,
Nurse: I don't know with the pathology that might take a while, like that's never like I, I know those things do take a bit. Was that taken at the beginning of [PHI-Personal] or the middle of [PHI-Personal]?
Patient: Well, we went to oncology on the sixth, ok, in [PHI-Personal]. And then I went for that, uh, thyroid which was fine on the [PHI-Personal]. And then I went for, um, the mammogram on the [PHI-Personal] and that was ok. And, uh, what else? And then we, I went for that body study, which she took all the bones all over and a couple more pictures because I was saying how much pain the hips were. So she took a lot more pictures of that, but I haven't gotten any kind of results from any of that. And I was hoping by now, maybe all of this had finally gotten to so we could maybe talk it over with the radiologist or whoever. And
Nurse: Honestly, I'm, I'm not seeing anything on that particular, like, anything like with the, the urology. I don't think that's gotten over to doctor yet. I think like, your best bet is gonna be to check with urology to see if they see anything on their end. Let me just go into this other part to see if they sent any kind of consult over.
Patient: They promised to send all that information over to him because I had purpose.
Nurse: Yeah, the consults here, a consult here for [PHI-Account] 6. The urology folks did send their note but it's not gonna matter if they don't have the results back from pathology. So you said that was the sixth [PHI-Account] [PHI-Personal]. So, like what I'm able to see here and I don't know which lab they sent it to, but pathology just like Googling, it says it could take [PHI-Personal] days from when surgery is performed to get a pathology report. So that would have maybe taken it to the 20th of [PHI-Personal] if it was like, in that [PHI-Personal] days. Uh, like I'm not counting weekends because, you know, I don't know how these labs work on weekends or not. You know, if they do work on weekends, then it might be even shorter than the 20th. But then another problem you run into, how was the urologist, like, staffed like last week too? You know what I mean? Because, like running into the holiday, I think poses another issue too sometimes if they cut their hours or they give the staff the day off or, you know, but all I can see is that he sent his actual, like, consult note from the sixth over, but there's nothing like from the path report and that's what doctor said said was gonna be the big thing is what's gonna be in the report. Like that's, they can't do anything until they get that tissue report back.
Patient: Right. They wanted that and then they wanted this body study with all the bones. Mhm. Where she took, you know, from head to toe, right. The pet scan.
Nurse: Yeah.
Patient: And that was supposed to be all sent over to him too. But like I said, I presumed he wasn't getting it or didn't do anything about it because it was too close to Christmas. And now I'm wondering if he's not gonna have time to do anything about it because New Year's is coming.
Nurse: Well, I'll send a message, you know, and see about anything come up with this bone scan. Um, getting back to your pain that you're having right now
Patient: Because the other thing I was to with is going to that, uh, palliative care they called me to, I mean, that was referred to also. And so they, of course, I don't have an appointment for them until in [PHI-Personal]. But he told me if I'm having extreme trouble with the pain that I could call, call him earlier and see if they can either put me in or give me some kind of, uh, advice as what to do about it. Like at one point, he said to me, well, you could take three Advils at a time, four times a day and I thought I can't take that much at one time. Ok, like two Tylenol work better than those Advil. And, um, so I don't know. Um, but I was just wondering if, uh, you know, if by chance they already had a chance to think about all this, but I guess with that with New Year's coming, it's gonna be another, wait,
Nurse: Well, not necessarily, I think the big problem truly is, is waiting on the pathology report because you don't know how to treat it until, you know what type of cancer it is, I guess is the way they're looking at it, you
Patient: Know, because they did talk chemo, they did talk radiation, you know. So, uh thinking about that. But the point is, you know, I'd like to know if we could get the step moving because it's like this is months already, right? And,
Nurse: Well, I, I would definitely, what makes you think you can't take the Advil.
Patient: Well, I, I probably can but it's just that the other thing is this causes a lot of constipation then. Mhm. And then it's taking Colace for constipation and, you know, but the Advil doesn't do, at least when I've been taking it, it doesn't do as well as the Tylenol. The Tylenol seems to soften it and doesn't give me so much constipation. Yeah. So, I, I
Nurse: Mean, you could try to alternate, you know what I mean? Like if the Tylenol is not really holding the pain, you know, then add the Advil. Right. But, but you could also make sure you take the Colace, you know, take some, like prune juice, you know, increase your fiber intake. Yeah. Sure that you're moving your stool.
Patient: I take the UC. So, I mean, I, I mean, I've been able to go and have BM. So I'm grateful for that. Not every day, but every couple days, which is good for me as far as I'm concerned. But it's the idea that, uh, I was just hoping that by now we could have some schedule of what we might be able to do with this pain. Or do I just keep going with the Tylenol and be done with that? Now, did doctor
Nurse: Tell you don't take the Tylenol?
Patient: No? Huh. Uh, he never told me not to.
Nurse: Ok, just making sure because you got a watch with liver, you know, you don't want to take too much because it could cause issues with that. So, as long as he didn't say not to take it because of your liver, then that should be ok. But, I mean, if he's also recommending the Ibuprofen, it wouldn't hurt to alternate between the two. For sure.
Patient: It, thing that, um, that talked about the Advil and the, uh, um, Tylenol. Mhm. She's the one who told me about alternating that. Ok. And so did Wendy, the, uh, pain when I went to the pain, uh uh doctor. Mhm. At, you know, here at up MC, up here. Um, anyway, she also mentioned that. So I guess I'm just gonna have to go back to alternating cause what she was saying, like take the Tylenol, like, let's say at [PHI-Personal] o'clock, then take the Advil at two at [PHI-Account], then take the Tylenol again at two, like kind of alternating it. But the Advil would be like four hours difference and then the Ad Advil would be two hours difference, you know. So, I don't know, I guess I'll have to go back to that. But, um, I, uh, like I said, I find that the Tylenol is, uh, seems to work better but I could, well, it might, it might
Nurse: Work better but, but you can only take so many of them a day, you know. That's the problem.
Patient: Like, well, yes, it says only to [PHI-Account] and I think not more than about five.
Nurse: Mhm. But if you're adding the Advil on board with it. It might help to keep you more comfortable. That's the thing [PHI-Personal]. Now, doctor said to call the palliative people if you can't wait until you see them in [PHI-Personal].
Patient: No, he didn't say anything. That's the point. I'm not getting any message from him that was from [PHI-Personal] when I went for this urology. He's, oh, ok.
Nurse: So, Doctor [PHI-Personal] suggested that. Yeah. Well, ok. And, you know, they, he, it might not be a bad idea because, like, they can definitely address the symptoms that you're having, you know, with the pain while you're in palliative care, you know. Right. Um, that might, maybe you need something a little stronger that once the doctor realizes that you're gonna go this route, you might get something a little bit more than just over the counter, you know.
Patient: Well, uh, in the beginning they did give me both. He and one of the other pain doctors up here gave me a pain medicine. They, I forgot what it's called ma L something. But anyway, um, that was giving me a lot of stomachaches. So I kind of gave up on that one because I'd, I'd rather have the pain in the hips than the pain in the stomach.
Nurse: Right. Well, I know that's, it's kind of like you, you seem to not be able to win one way or the other sometimes with it. Um, you know, the, the palliative folks might be able to really, you know, help you deal with the serious issues that are going on. You know, they can help focus on, you know, providing relief with the stress that comes with it. Um, again, they might be a little bit more [PHI-Personal] of, you know, addressing the pain issues. Um, but I know, like beyond that, like, not much is going to be able to be done until, you know, I guess this pathology report comes back and I, I'm not able to see anything on that, but I'm certainly gonna send a message over to the office and to let doctor know you have questions about if any of these reports are back in. You know, I'm gonna let him know that you're in pain and, uh, what we discussed with Tylenol and alternating with Advil and reaching out to the palliative folks. Did you have somebody in mind that you were using for palliative upcoming?
Patient: Well, this man named Craig is the one I'm supposed to meet on the 17th of [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Ok. And you have his phone number? Yes. All right. Yeah, I would definitely let him know where you're at, like, right now, you know, and I'll let the office know too
Patient: Good. Ok. That's why I thought I'd call you and kinda let you be the go between.
Nurse: Not a problem, Sister [PHI-Personal]. I hope you feel better.
Patient: Yeah. Uh, um, and so anyway, um, that'll, uh, I think once gets the whole picture then we'll be able to make some because, uh, you know, [PHI-Personal] and the other doctor that took these bone things, um, they both said that is a good doctor and with any luck that, um, you know, he'll get the whole message and maybe talk it over with them or whatever and see what, uh, path we could take to get some of this done because I just, because, you know, I don't want anything extraordinary done. I just want some kind of way of so I could still do what I possibly could do yet.
Nurse: Yeah. When you're walking, are you having trouble walking too or are you able to get up and go once you're
Patient: Up? No. Well, if I, as long as I have a rollator with me, I can move a little better but I can't walk on my own. So I try walking around. I feel wo wobbly and I'm afraid I was, you know, they don't want the legs don't want to hold me. Right.
Nurse: So, does that seem worse than
Patient: Usual? Oh, yeah, it's been going on worse. Ok. That's why I can't go anywhere without a rollator. Yeah. So if I wanted to go somewhere, so
Nurse: You're feeling weak in the extremities,
Patient: Especially in the legs. Yeah. Ok. Because of the pain, I think it's the pain that causes the weakness because, like, when I'm walking down the hall with the rollator, I can walk so far and then I have to stop because it kind of takes my breath away because of the pain. So then I walk a little further and, you know, and, uh, eventually I can get where I'm going. But, uh, it's the idea that I don't feel comfortable to be without the rollator because I, I can walk a couple steps to get from one thing to the next. But right, like in the bed or from the chair because now I'm sleeping in a lounge chair with the hope that that would you know give me a little more relief last night was pretty good. Yeah and
Nurse: Oh so you did get the lounge chair. Yes. Very good. Now do you have any grinding sensations with
Patient: This? What do you mean by
Nurse: That? Like do you hear any grinding or feel like it grinds like when you walk or move your legs? No. No. Mm. Ok. Very good. How about is there any swelling?
Patient: No, the only swelling sometimes is in my feet? Ok. Not always but sometimes in my feet.
Nurse: Do you have swelling in your feet now?
Patient: No, right now they're ok.
Nurse: Ok. Very good then. Alright sister [PHI-Personal] I'm gonna get this message over to doc and you know let's see what can happen here.
Patient: Ok, I appreciate all what that you're doing whatever you can. Oh, you're
Nurse: Welcome. No problem. You're
Patient: Very kind. Thank you a lot
Nurse: Of problem. I did I did it. It was nice. Thank you.
Patient: I'm glad. I hope you got to rest a little bit. I, I
Nurse: Did, I did
Patient: Good. Thank you. It will be a busy time again. It
Nurse: Will for sure. The, the winter's always busy in health care, that's for sure.
Patient: Ok. Well, you take care. You too.
Nurse: I'll get this message to them. You're welcome, God.
Patient: God bless. Have a great God
Nurse: Bless you too. You too. Bye bye.
