Nurse: Hey, Vicky, let me open your chart back up. How are you? I'm ok. So Doctor Espinoza is completely switching your medication. What is he changing it to? Um, he is changing it to something called Lantus and you will give yourself 20 units in the morning. Ok. Ok. So he's changing it to something called Lantus 20 units in the morning and he wants you to monitor your blood sugar three times a day. Ok. Ok. Um, because this is a very so before you were giving yourself insulin before your meals, right? Which would cover basically what you ate, cover your meals. Um Lantus is a long acting. So it lasts, you know, it's like a 24 hour long acting insulin and it's supposed to keep your blood sugar at like one stable level. So he said that's why we're gonna have to monitor you really closely. He wants you to take your blood sugars three times a day. Um, I would say do it, you know, before meals, breakfast, lunch and dinner or before breakfast, lunch and bedtime. And can you do me a favor? Can you write them down? Because I'm gonna have to report them to him so he can see how you're adjusting on this. Ok. Ok. No problem. I know it's different for you. Now, did you have any insulin at all today? Um, I have my morning dose. Ok. So this is what I will tell you when you, this afternoon, check your blood sugar, you know, if you're at least at 100 go ahead and give yourself the Lantus, you know, so that like, because you're not gonna have any insulin with lunch or dinner today, right? Um, and then tomorrow switch your Lantus to give, taking it in the morning. You know what I mean? I don't know how else timing wise to do it with you. Does that make sense? Yeah. Ok. Um, it's an insulin pen. Were you using a pen before or were you um drawing it up? I was drawing it up. Ok. Have you used an insulin pen before? No? Ok. So it's really quite easy if, compared to, you know, if you were drawing it up, it's, it's actually quite easy. Um, the pen is, it's got like a dial at the bottom and um, you will just dial it to the number 20. Ok. Ok. And um there will be like this is, there'll be little tips like there's gonna be a little needles with caps on them. So what you'll do is you will um, like clean the top of the pen with a little alcohol, right? There's a flat part, you'll screw the needle on, you'll connect the needle to the pen, right. And then you'll remove the, there's gonna be like, um, like a little piece of like paper you're gonna remove, you're gonna attach the, the pen. You know, like a little cap, there'll be two caps on the pen, one that can, that you'll remove to connect the needle to the pen and then you'll take the cap off when you're ready. So you know, like I would connect to the needle, dial your dose, remove the cap and then do just like you normally do right? Clean the spot with a little alcohol and inject. Ok. All right. And when you push down, you'll like do a little push right? Instead of pushing the plunger, you're gonna just push the pen, you'll hear it, it'll click, you'll hear a clicking noise and then you know, count about five or 10 seconds and then you're gonna remove the pen like that. Ok? Questions if you get the, if you get the pen and you look at it and it just seems completely foreign to you and here until 5 30 then call me. Ok. Ok. Alright. All right. Sounds good. We'll be in touch. I'll follow up with you probably on Monday and see how you're doing with it. Ok? But call me if you have any questions before I leave today. Ok? Thank you. All right, Vicky. You're welcome. Bye.
