Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal]. Yes.
Patient: Hi. This is [PHI-Personal]. Returning your call. I'm sorry, I was on the, I was on the phone.
Nurse: Oh, that's ok. Let me just get you pulled back up here, [PHI-Personal]. How are you doing today? I'm ok. [PHI-Personal]. All right. I got you pulled back up here. So, any changes since, um, I talked to you? I guess it was the end of January. January 21st. Anything new? Anything going on?
Patient: Uh, yes, I was just in for my regular check up and, um, my A one C went up a little bit and she has me on 500 mg of Metformin once a day.
Nurse: Ok. Just looking over that note now.
Patient: Yeah, winter was kind of bad. I guess I fell off the diet and exercise wagon and
Nurse: Unfortunately that's easy to do, especially this time of year. So, yeah, it looks like Metformin 500 daily. You're taking the Crestor, she wants you to increase that to 20 mgs daily. Are you, did you increase that? Perfect. Um, I did some urine and a foot exam. Um, you have an appointment at the eye center next month and they're going to do a diabetic eye exam on you at that appointment. Is that correct? Yeah, good, good. Um, seeing if there's anything new here. Ok, so good. All right. So, um, do you, do you have a glucometer or anything that you're checking your blood sugars at home or do they just want you to start this and kind of see where that takes your A one C,
Patient: That's what she wants for right now. Ok. So she thinks the 500 mg is gonna do it because it just, it just kind of barely creeped over the, the line and I had it under control when I was doing what I was supposed to be doing. But I can tell you between [PHI-Personal] and now I did fall off the wagon. So there you go. All right.
Nurse: So just some symptoms to look out for, with taking the Metformin to make sure that your blood sugar, you know, doesn't drop too low if you notice, um, you're shaky. Um, any like sweating, excessive sweating, dizziness, lightheadedness. If you feel like you're a little bit more sleepy than normal, or if you feel you have a little bit more mental confusion or fogginess, things like that. Those can all be symptoms that your blood sugar is getting a little bit too low. So keep an eye on that. If you notice that you're starting to feel those, make sure you let, uh, the doctor know about that. Um, and on the other hand, if you feel like, uh, did, do you ever have any symptoms of, like, you feel like your BP or your blood sugar is too high? Like excessive thirst, headaches, fatigue, blurred vision, fruity smelling breath. Do you ever have anything like that? No. Ok. All right. So, and have you ever had any symptoms of feeling like your blood sugar was too low? Especially since you've started the Metformin? No. Perfect. Ok. So, just keep, keep your eye out for those. Um, and did she encourage you to get back on the eating and, uh, exercising plan? Yeah.
Patient: And I have actually, I already had started that because, I mean, I knew I had, had fallen off and, um, so I've been going down to the mall and doing my walking around there indoors. I just, I, I prefer outside, but I'm not gonna freeze to do this.
Nurse: Right. I agree with you. It, it's so much easier whenever it's, uh, nice out, you know, Pennsylvania in the, in the summer and the fall and the spring is so much nicer to exercise than in the winter.
Patient: Absolutely. So, I'm, I'm going down to the, to the mall and doing my walking down there and I'm, uh, mulling over actually joining Planet Fitness and being able to just go down there if I, if I don't wanna be outside for whatever reason. Um, and then I can use the treadmills and stuff down there. And watch
Nurse: TV. Right. Ex, exactly. Right. Well, good. All right. Perfect. Um, do you have any other questions or concerns for me this month?
Patient: Um, no, no, I'm, I'm kind of really stressed out about this whole diagnosis, but we'll get through it.
Nurse: Yeah. Take the Metformin, watch your diet and exercise like you're doing now and I think you'll be able to get that, that A one c back down to where you want it to be. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah, it was, we were, we had been watching it for a long, long time and I did lose, um, 20 lbs which brought my BP down, which brought that back down to a level. Um, and I was pretty good up until this winter. I lost my outside walking area because we moved. Um, I lived in a development and I could easily just go out and walk around. Now I'm kind of out and away and I won't walk along the road because that's a good recipe for dead out here because people drive like crazy. Um, so it's, uh, and then winter hit and we moved and it, it just one thing after another and, uh, you know, I kind of did this to myself. But, um, and that's who I'm mad at for.
Nurse: Oh, so, well, at least you're, uh, you're picking it up now and, you know, you can, you've done it before you lost the weight and your numbers and stuff went down so you can do it again. So, I think you're on the right track, just continue doing it. And I think it's good that you found a spot that you can walk indoors with the mall and, you know, joining Planet Fitness might be a good idea because you're right. At least you'll have a TV or something that you can look at when you're walking on that treadmill. Yeah. And
Patient: I'm really close to there. I live just up the hill from, up on top of the hill from there. So, um, it's, it's really close for me. Um, I just, I didn't think I'd miss my, my walking. That was the best part of that neighborhood was the ability to just go out and walk all around it without traffic. But, um, yeah, I'm not, I'm not walking out along the road. I just don't trust cars and drivers enough to, to do that where there's no, um, edge and no wide space. So, between me in a car,
Nurse: I don't blame you. People are too distracted on the roads anymore. It's just not safe to do that.
Patient: No. No. And, um, so, um, we'll, we'll, we'll get back. I, I just, I don't want this to get anything beyond where it is right now. I really don't, I don't even wanna go there. There's no history of this in my family. So, it's kind of really bizarre to me. That's the other part. I can't wrap my head around that I don't have a family history. So unbelievable.
Nurse: Oh, well, keep it up. Did she make it seem like that this Metformin could possibly just be temporary until to see how if your numbers went back down or
Patient: She, she said that we were starting, um, slow and low and she did not think that I was going to need anything else or that we were going to have to increase anything. Um, she said she thought that this, this would do it because I have, I also have a lot of, um, history of all kinds of allergies to medication, um, sinus problems, um, skin allergies, you name it. I will, I will have an allergic reaction to it in some way, shape or form. So I don't, I don't change anything I use personally, um, in the house. I, I know what I can tolerate what I can't and medication she knows if we start a medication that we're probably, um, gonna have an issue with it and it's best to, to start slow and low, but so far so good with this. I haven't felt weird for the past week or anything. Um, so hopefully that this will, this will be all that we need, but she was pretty confident this was going to, this was gonna take care of it because it's not elevated out of the realm of being, you know, astronomical numbers or anything.
Nurse: Good. Good.
Patient: So, yeah, we, we had that we had that discussion. So, uh, yeah. So, I'm hoping maybe this is not a long term that this is just, I need to, to stay vigilant. Um, and that's what we'll do because I don't want it long term. I don't want it any worse.
Nurse: Right. Oh, I don't blame you for sure. Um, and I'm sure she's reviewed the diet with you. Um, as far as managing that just, um, you know, sticking with whole grains instead of white bread, sticking to the lower fat milks. They have less sugar in compared to the 2% of the whole milk. Um, you know, whole grain tortillas, corn, whole beans, uh, and always go fresh or frozen compared to like, canned. Like, if you have, um, fruits. I don't know if you like canned fruits. Not very many people eat canned fruits anymore. Um, so fresh fruit, you know, stay away from the cakes, the cookies, um, you know, the chips, the ice cream, the things like that stick with water, like Seltzer water if you need something carbonated other than sugar foods and things like that.
Patient: Yeah, that's pretty much what I, what I eat anyway. Um, I mean, I'm not a huge sweet eater. I don't add sugar to, um, anything really that I eat. Um, I, I prefer, we always use frozen vegetables or fresh. Um, I don't buy much in cans at all other than some soup. Yeah, once in a while for lunch. But other than that, um, yeah, potato chips is, is rough, is rough. I like a potato chip every now and then.
Nurse: I know. Well, you know what? And in moderation is ok. You don't want to completely deprive yourself because then that makes you just want it more. But to have a little bit of moderation, it won't hurt.
Patient: Well, that's what I'm back to doing and just paying attention to, to everything and portion control again was the other thing, you know, you, you, you drift into that. Well, I'll have another spoonful and then that turns into two more and then, you know, so I'm back to watching the portion control too.
Nurse: Good. Yeah. All right. Well, good. Well, so when I give you a call next, uh, month, we will, uh, we'll, we'll see how you're doing with all this, but it sounds like you got everything. You're on a good start, which is great.
Patient: Well, I go back to her again, I think next week and she's going to, to check everything after two weeks and see, see where I'm at. So hopefully, maybe there'll be a little bit of improvement then. Um, so we'll have that to look at.
Nurse: Yeah, it looks like you go back on the second at 3 15. Perfect. All right. Well, if you have any questions or concerns or you need me before I give you a call, you give me a call. Ok, [PHI-Personal], I will do that. Alright. Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today. Have a good day. You too, thanks. Thanks. Bye
Patient: Bye bye.
