Nurse: This is [PHI-Personal]. Hello, [PHI-Personal]. Um, I actually got a message from you yesterday. I guess it was. And, uh, so anyhow, that's why I'm pulling you back. I called
Patient: You maybe about an hour ago. I was just seeing how everything went with [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Well, ah, have you known that, uh, they threw him off of a chair in the shower?
Patient: Yeah. When he had that fall. That was a couple of weeks
Nurse: Ago, right? Yeah. Yeah. And, oh, they come in and they come in and they did ask him how he's doing. And so, oh, he's doing fine. He's doing fine. But then he tells me he says, don't say anything to them, but that really threw me back.
Patient: Yeah. For his
Nurse: Rehab. Sure. Yeah, it threw him back. Yeah. And he's getting no therapy.
Patient: Yeah. I was going to ask, did you ever have that meeting with the social worker and
Nurse: All of them? Oh, yes. Yes. And they tried to tell me they want me to come in as a, as a patient. Have the doctor make out papers that I, that I would come in and then they put us in the same, the same room. Yeah, then we'd be together because I go over there every day. Now, since, since, since the [PHI-Personal], I missed three times that I didn't get to see him during the day. But I, I don't because, uh, what they do I fused with them about him being in bed the whole time. Well, he's not allowed to get out of bed unless they get him out of bed. Well, then I said, get him out of bed and put him on a wheelchair. I said I'll, yeah. And, uh, because he can't be laying in bed, they're trying to make a bed patient out of him. That's what they're, that's what they're doing. Yeah, because they want him there and then they want me there because after such a length of time they'll end up getting our home. That's what'll happen. They was pay for it, huh?
Patient: Technically, yeah, they would pay for it.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. Technically they, they would. Yes. And the thing of it is he was too contrary to go and get this name with this home. Put in the boys names back back years ago. Already, years ago I wanted to do that now. He decided yesterday, you know, he said you need to go and, and get things taken care of. I said we can't, now we can't now. No. Yeah. It, it's seven years after you, uh, sign it over [PHI-Personal] years, you have to wait before, before uh, before, uh, anything, uh, you have, uh, the safety of your home. Yeah, I know that much but, but they, they try to tell me, oh, well, no, they won't take your home away from you. Well, they did it to other people. Why wouldn't they do it to us? Yeah. I mean, that
Patient: Insurance is paying for, for long term care. Eventually they would, uh, unless there's something I don't know about where there's more assistance with Medicare to pay for long term care. Yeah, the money's got to come from somewhere.
Nurse: Well, that's it. That's it. Now, people are telling me that, that what they wanna do is get me in yet. Then they can, uh, then they can, uh, actually take our monies, take our monies and only give us a few dollars a month. Like to, to go to the hair dresser and the barber and stuff like that. Yeah. And, uh, they, they, they would take, uh, the, the social security, they take the check, they'd get the check and we'd get a few dollars a month. A very sty few dollars.
Patient: Yeah, that's something that unfortunately a lot of people end up going through. Um, if they don't get any assistance in the home, um, for now, for [PHI-Personal], he might need the help. I don't know what his situation is right now, but I'm not sure if you're looking into that.
Nurse: Well, there's, uh, a place I think it's in [PHI-Geographic]. Some sort of, some sort of a thing and there, uh, a man is coming up to the home on Monday from 11 till one o'clock. Ok. Yeah. Now, I, I don't know yet what, what that's all about but, uh, yeah, but, uh, what they should have done what they should have set up the appointment for when my husband would be able to be there too. Not, not my husband but our son. Oh, ok. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I mean,
Patient: You can make you, I mean, you're, you can make your own medical decisions. So, I mean, it'd be nice for your son to be there but if you feel like you're nervous about them taking advantage of you, yeah, it'd be better to have your son present.
Nurse: Uh huh. Yeah.
Patient: I don't know what the thing is. Is it a nursing home or assisted living? Something like that?
Nurse: It's, it's something where you take, you take your, your, uh, patient, you have them at home and then, and then you can get in anybody, even your own Children, you can get in as, like, caretakers for him, for him and he can, and, and then he would get paid.
Patient: Yeah. Yep. So, I was looking, I was gonna ask you about that. That might be the department of, um, aging that's helping you then.
Nurse: Uh huh. Does that sound right? I don't know. All I know is it's, uh, it's an, uh, it, it goes, it's going somehow through something in [PHI-Geographic].
Patient: Ok. Um, yeah, know what you're talking about and that does sound promising. Um, so that would be a good one for you. I don't know about [PHI-Personal]. I don't know his situation but I mean, if he's to the point where he could come home that might be an option.
Nurse: Well, oh, they say, oh, I won't be able to take care of him. I mean, he,
Patient: He, yeah, if he's stuck in the bed you might not be able to what he has. What if he's stuck in the bed all the time? And he can't get up.
Nurse: No, they won't let him get up himself. Oh, ok. Yeah. Uh huh. But in the shower room they had a broken chair they were using for him and, uh, and he, anyhow it threw him on the floor and, and she tried to catch him and she ended up on the floor yet. And, uh, but anyhow he tells him, oh, they come in and they ask him about his back still? Oh, it's doing fine. He's doing fine. And to me, oh, he has such pain in his back. He has such pain in his back. Ok. So,
Patient: Just be
Nurse: With it. He's catering to them. I think he actually is falling in love with some of them. Oh, no, thank, yes. Huh. Don't
Patient: Think that, um, I mean, if they can get him to the point where he could come home safely. So, um, right now it sounds like he needs somebody pretty extensively to help him. Um, but I'm glad you're on program, talk to the person on Monday and they hopefully can help you at least at home.
Nurse: Uh huh. So
Patient: You don't have to go to a rehab center because you, you still drive, you're up and moving. The only problem you have, honey is, remember you take your medications.
Nurse: Yes. Yeah. And I, I am taking, I am taking the, uh, the, the Metformin and the glipiZIDE. I'm, uh, I'm getting in one, sometimes the two doses. Ok. Yeah. But I'm getting, I'm, I'm getting in 11 dose for sure. Yeah. And, uh, and, uh, so anyhow,
Patient: I mean, that's an improvement from no doses. So that, that's good.
Nurse: Well, yes. Yes. And then when I, if I think of it during the night that I didn't have, I go out and I take it, I take it you're supposed to take it like a half an hour before, before a meal. Yeah. And then, uh, but, but I, I take it in, be in between when I think of it.
Patient: Ok. That's ok. Honey, the Metformin is a good one. You really should take that one with food, um, because it can cause [PHI-Personal] upset on an empty
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. Well, I, I did have trouble when I was taking the Metformin 100. Ok. Yeah. Oh. Right. I got so nauseated but I didn't throw up. But, uh, oh, it was, yeah. So that's the, to changed me then to the Metformin and, uh, uh, 7 50. And that's ti, that's time released. And, uh, that, that there then worked. All right. Yeah,
Patient: Definitely with,
Nurse: Because I, you know, uh huh. Yeah,
Patient: I don't know, honey. But, yeah, you're doing better with that. Um, I guess we'll wait until Monday and see what that guy says. It kind of, of health, not health, but that's helping you. The, what? It sounds like? Department of aging, that's helping you.
Nurse: Yeah. Well, I, I hope so and, uh, I keep saying they're gonna say we're over the limit, we're over the limit, uh, financially. But, uh, we'll wait and see, they say, oh, you'll get it, you'll get it. Mhm. Yeah. Ok. So I found out, I guess [PHI-Personal], if you
Patient: Want, call me after, call me on Monday, after you talk to them and see if they were able to help you. If not, I'll look into a couple other options for you.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. You there? Yeah. Uh, ok. So, uh, so anyhow I, going through the messages and yours was one of them. So I thought, well, instead of, uh, voiding it off on the, on the phone, I better give you a buzz and see what's, what's up. Yeah. Yeah. But, uh, but, uh, now then if, uh, if I would bring him home and I can't handle it at home then what,
Patient: That was a tricky situation then. Um, so for any rehab facility, if somebody, they can readmit him if they have to.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah.
Patient: Um, but I would be careful of that for the main fact that I would take their advice for him specifically for you, honey. I mean, you don't have to go there but for him, everything
Nurse: He's been. Uh huh. Yeah. You ready? Uh huh. And, uh, see that as long as I'm here. Mhm. They, they can't take the home away from us, can they?
Patient: I don't think so. No.
Nurse: Uh huh. Yeah, I'm not 100
Patient: Percent sure, but talk to the guy on Monday and ask him, um, if it's the guy I'm thinking of and they should be able to answer that, but I don't think so.
Nurse: Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. So, so I, I don't know what the guy's name is or anything, you know. But, uh, uh, but, uh, I think they did tell me that it, it goes in one ear, through the brain and what out the other ear. That's ok
Patient: If you want, I mean, if you, you can just call me tomorrow and I mean, not tomorrow Monday after you talk to him and we'll see if they were able to help you.
Nurse: Yes. Yes. Ok. All right, honey.
Patient: So, if I don't hear from you next week, I'll give you a call in the next few weeks either way. But you're always welcome to call if you have any problems, especially your medication. That's what I'm here for. Ok.
Nurse: Right. Right. Ok. All right. Yeah. Thank you.
Patient: Thank you for calling me back and I, I hope everything turns out ok, but we'll find out next week
Nurse: We'll find out that. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Ok. Margaret. That's, that's it then for today, next week. Great, great. Ok. So long. Bye.
