Nurse: Good morning. This is
Patient: Hailey. Hailey. This is [PHI-Personal]. Did you just try to call me? Yes, ma'am. Ok. I was on my way to the bathroom. I was halfway in there and then I sat here for an hour didn't move anywhere. All of a sudden I thought as soon as I get up, the phone's gonna ring. So I got up to go pee and the phone rang. Oh, I'm sorry, I'll forgive you. It takes me a while to get to the bathroom because my knees are bad. Really, really, really, really bad.
Nurse: Hm. I'm sorry. Um, I know were you able, uh, to get the mojo or did CV S call you with able? No,
Patient: They, I'm waiting, I'm still waiting for them to call. I have no idea, but I'd like to try it. I, but I, nobody talks to me, nobody tells me anything and I have no idea. And I went in to see [PHI-Personal] and I, after she checked my ear, she didn't say whether they infected or not. Uh, and I said, and I, my husband took down my, my pee cup because I couldn't pee in the bathroom and there's no room in the bathrooms at that family practice. You can't get your wheelchair in there and turn around and sit down and pee because there's no place to put your legs. You can't get your legs apart to pee in the cup. My knee, my, my knee went out in the bathroom and I was cry, almost crying because it hurt so bad. And, you know, I, I try to tell them three times I cannot pee in a cup and I can't, there's no room in there to move. They need a handicap bathroom. Yeah. So I, he said take the cup home and use it and then my knee went back, went out again when I got home trying to get the D MP cups down there. So, so sorry, I finally peed in the cup and I had my husband run it up yesterday. Ok. I asked him if I could pee in a hat. She said, no, it has to be right out of the thing. I don't understand why you can't pee in a hat. They're sterilized.
Nurse: Yeah, I know. It's weird. I know they, a lot of people just rather you, um, uh, pee in the cup just because it can be sent to, directly to the lab in the cup. You don't have to be transferred. I know that's how a lot of them
Patient: Or you can't, if you can't pee in the cup, you can, you can, that you ever tried doing that. Your, your boobs are in the way. Unless you have, unless you really flat chested you, it's hard to reach down in there with a cup between your legs, with your boobs in the way. Yeah. I mean, you can't flex your elbow or nothing.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, it definitely is hard. Had
Patient: That dinky little bottle.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, I was that way when I was pregnant two years ago and I about, couldn't, I about, couldn't hit it every time I had to go get a check up because they make you pee in a cup every time you go to the ob,
Patient: Are you on the chunky side? Are you skinny?
Nurse: Um, I'm a little bit on the skinnier side.
Patient: Yeah. When I was, yeah, I was, I was like 100 and 25 lbs, 100 and 15 when I had my kid and I mean, I'm [PHI-Personal] years old now and I haven't worked for over 13 years and I gained weight since I've been home. I can't walk. So I sit around and I, I wheel around. I got, I put an office chair in the kitchen just so I could get to the sink and stuff to do dishes. I can't stand very long on my knees because they hurt so bad. I know
Nurse: They're, I know it looks like they're. Yeah. Sorry. Let me, yeah, my husband
Patient: Put a bed downstairs for me. A single bed. I don't like having a bed in my room. But I guess I'm stuck with it and I can't sleep in it now anyway, because every time I get, get up to go pee during the night, my knee goes out and I'm crying, I'm crying in the middle of the night because I can't sleep. I, I cry every day when my knee is hurting so bad and I can't seem to get any help.
Nurse: I know. Uh, I know. Ly, it looks like they're working on getting everything together to send that referral over to the Hanger clinic. Um, but uh I'll, um, I'll call the pharmacy and check on that for you to see what's going on with that. I don't know if my
Patient: Insurance is gonna cover it. They wanted me to take the Ozempic pen. They want $508 for a copay for fi, for Ozempic and I don't know how much it covers. I don't know how if it covers for a month or three months or, you know, they tell you that. They tell you all that stuff.
Nurse: Yeah, I can't afford the $500 copay on that. No, no, that's, that's way too much. Um That's what they said
Patient: About the heart pill when I got uh Eliquis. So my doctor changed it to Xarelto. It's $80 a month for Xarelto and Medicare covers part of it. It's over 100 and $49 or something like that. But so I half the price of the other one.
Nurse: Oh, yeah. Yeah. Sure. Um, and
Patient: My, I check my BP and today it was 1 12/62 and 65. Is that good?
Nurse: Yeah, that's good. That's, that's really good. And
Patient: My, um, my, my, uh, blood glucose was high last, last month because it was, I was so stressed out over my face. Right. And then I didn't, I, and then when I stressed out I do have a tendency to eat food. I shouldn't be eating because I'm so food calms me down. I know I shouldn't be, but it calms me down and I'm, I, I'm a real pasta eater. I mean, I love spaghetti and macaroni and cheese and stuff like that.
Nurse: Yeah. I,
Patient: I know that's where I gained my weight. I eat, yeah, I eat toast in the morning. I eat a banana and drink tea and that's about it. Some days I have cereal. Most of the times I have cereal, a lot of times I have an egg on toast but I don't have, just have toast, you know, sandwich with egg, egg in the middle. But I'll have a couple of eggs and a piece of toast, you know.
Nurse: Yeah, that's not that bad. That's pretty good. Um, but I know stress does, uh, any type of stress, emotional or physical strain will have, of course, any sort of effect on the body and then you're throwing off your routine with your knee giving you off.
Patient: Easter was Sunday. I had ham and sweet potatoes and corn. Yeah. You know what I mean? I didn't eat no bread, just ham, sweet potatoes and corn all eight. And I didn't have no candy. I don't eat Easter candy. My daughter bought me a couple bags of sugar free candy to try. And I said I could try one of them once in a while, but I don't eat a lot of candy and a lot of cookies. Donut. I eat a donut maybe once a month. If I'm lucky. Once in a blue moon, my da granddaughter will walk up to Dunkin because I live a block away. She'll walk up to Dunkin and get me a decaf coffee and a, and a donut.
Nurse: Yeah, that sounds pretty good. Well, I don't
Patient: Smoke. I don't drink, I don't go anywhere. I don't do nothing. You know what I mean? Yeah. All I have to look forward to is maybe a donut, dunk it in my coffee once in a while.
Nurse: Yeah. Well, definitely indulging every once in a while. I, I told,
Patient: I said, I know that [PHI-Personal] Ha ha is busy but when I call she, sometimes I, I don't leave a message because it, it keeps ringing. But that the message thing don't come on for me to leave you a message.
Nurse: You haven't been getting a voicemail message.
Patient: No, I've been calling you and, and it rings and rings and rings and rings and rings and I just finally hang up. Yeah, I called you a couple times the other day just to ask you a question. I said, I know, I said, I know she has other patients but she can't be that busy that, you know, that I don't, I did not get my me, I don't, I can't leave a message because you, there's no message thing coming up that I can leave her a message. Let her know. I'm trying to call her. So. Well,
Nurse: I'm sorry, I didn't know my voice mail wasn't working.
Patient: Yeah. Uh, it came on today but it was right before I got ready to hang up. It came on. So it must, but it took a while. Eight time. Yeah, it must have rang at least eight times before it came on. Huh?
Nurse: Yeah, I'll have to make sure I don't have any. I know I had to get a new phone last month so I may have to get him to look at my phone again. I'm sorry about that, [PHI-Personal]. I didn't know you were trying to
Patient: Call. It's probably some clench, you know, or some problem with your phone.
Nurse: Yeah. Um,
Patient: Usually when you call me back before today is out anyway.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. I try to give everybody a call back as quick as I can. I didn't know my voice mail was acting weird like that. Uh, usually I make about 20 to 30 phone calls a day. Yeah. Um, kind of depending on, like, how long each of them takes, but usually between 2030 maybe
Patient: If you find out about the, my, my pen, you can let me know how, yeah, I, how, how to use it, how much, how many times I take it and, and how, if it's gonna, if it's one month or two months or.
Nurse: Yeah, I'll, yeah, I'll figure out about it. Um, now, now with the side effects of j, I know the most common thing is that constipation, diarrhea, that's usually what some people have when they first start taking it because
Patient: I don't have a gallbladder. I told him 15,000 times. I don't have a gallbladder. So, if I go anywhere I have to take a anti diarrhea pill because I don't wanna have an accident. So I take the anti diarrhea pill mostly only if I'm going somewhere. If I'm home I won't take it. But when I'm not home I take it because I don't wanna run to the ha because it comes on real quick and I don't wanna have an accident and be embarrassed.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah. I haven't, hadn't peed myself lately, but I did tell [PHI-Personal] I was, felt like I had a bladder infection because I was getting up every hour to, every two hours at night time, all night long. And I didn't, haven't been getting any sleep at night because I'm up every, between, every hour and every two hours to pee. And what's funny is during the day, I'm not like that. I can go two hours without, but the night time is when I keep getting up and I take 37 at night.
Nurse: Ok. Are you having any burning or pain itching, not
Patient: Burning but pain. I have an urgency. I keep getting an urgency to go feeling pressured. I have to go pee.
Nurse: Yeah.
Patient: So, but then I don't pee a lot. I only pee a little bit at a time. Ok. Now, yesterday I paid enough to fill up the jar.
Nurse: Ok. Um Are you having any, uh are you having any abdominal pain or like kidney pain? I
Patient: Have like crampiness down there too and it's on the side, it's on the sides where your urinary tract is. I know where they are along your groin area.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah.
Patient: Going down to my bladder with your,
Nurse: No, your ears. Um, are they hurting you or do you feel like they're draining? Yeah. My left
Patient: Ear. Yeah. And I do take a Claritin uh Claritin 10 mg Lodine. Ok. It's a, it's a generic. Yeah.
Nurse: Urine. Yeah. Um Is it just hurting or
Patient: Was that my ear? It's only sore if I press on it and if I don't take any sinus pill, but I did take a Loraine this morning. So it don't seem to hurt like it was. The doctor said that uh I might have a getting arthritis in my jaw. Uh huh. That, that could be causing my ear to hurt. Ok. I'm only saying I'm not gonna keep repeating about him, but that's what he said. Oh,
Nurse: No, he was your last doctor. So he had to go over what he
Patient: Need information, you know about how I might. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah, I'll check up, um, to see what she says about, I'll ask her about your ears and uh check up on that urinalysis and then I'll be giving CV it CV in South William, right? Yes it is. Ok. Alrighty well I'll give them a call and check on that moo and then um when they let me know something I'll give you a call back.
Patient: Ok I yeah I wanna know how much it's gonna cost me too.
Nurse: Ok I will ask them then. Alright
Patient: Thanks. Alrighty thank you thank you bye.
