Nurse: Good afternoon. Thank you for calling Care Management. My name is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you today?
Patient: Yeah. Uh My name is [PHI-Personal]. Uh I'm a patient of doctor. I received a message from you guys about a quote unquote benefit.
Nurse: Yes. Thank you, [PHI-Personal]. I appreciate you returning our call and I'd like to inform you the calls are recorded for quality purposes. We're reaching out in regards to our care management program. It's a phone call from our nurse where she checks in with you in between visits, answers any questions or concerns. She'll help manage chronic conditions. She can assist with medications, lab results, community resources, uh prescription cost reductions. Anything that pertains to your health, the nurse would be a good resource for doctor Pic. Me is updated with your well being on a monthly basis. It's a billable service to [PHI-Personal], [PHI-Personal] Advantage plans and secondary insurance carriers would be subject to deductible copay call insurance. So you may receive a statement from the practice for those services with your insurance. [PHI-Personal]. I'm showing there would not be a copay. Would you prefer if the nurse reached out to you in the morning or afternoon.
Patient: Well, let me figure out what you're trying to sell me here. Ok. First of all, uh is this uh part of the AC O program that the practice is involved in?
Nurse: Uh, no, it's our care management?
Patient: Ok. So is this something that I'm being asked about because of my age?
Nurse: It's um both
Patient: Because I'm because I'm a [PHI-Personal] patient for whom something can be billed for.
Nurse: It is because you have [PHI-Personal] and because you meet the criteria with chronic conditions.
Patient: Ok. So this does not have anything to do with any additional out of pocket cost for me with my plan G.
Nurse: Correct. It has uh there would be no copay that applied.
Patient: No copay. Well, there wouldn't be any co pay for any primary care services anyway, with my plan because I'm uh United Healthcare Plan G. So, excuse me, if I'm just a little suspicious, no
Nurse: Worries. No. Absolutely right. No, you, you're more than welcome to ask as many questions as you like. That's not a problem.
Patient: Um So then the quote unquote care management nurse will be calling me. Will that be some that will not be doctor [PHI-Personal] nurse? That will be another uh another professional.
Nurse: Correct. It would be a separate nurse from doctor [PHI-Personal] office. They, we were doing it in office, but our program did grow. Therefore, taking time away from in uh the patients that are being seen in office. So we have a separate nurse who handles care management. Now.
Patient: So, will this be an effort to have me in the office less if I wanna be?
Nurse: Um, it can do, doesn't have to change anything on, on how you see doctor. Um, if you have something, let's say, as small as a cold and you feel like, you know, you may just need some antibiotics. That's something definitely something the nurse can assist you with instead of you having to show up to the doctor's office.
Patient: Well, we don't, we don't know if it's a cold and until we determine that, you know, it could be a lot of things these days. Um So I take it that this is not an optional service, it
Nurse: Is an optional service. Ok? And the frequency is also completely up to you.
Patient: So what, what is, what, what, what did was the original? Uh, let me see if I can grasp exactly what's going on here. And I understand this is about [PHI-Personal] and I, and I guess I understand it to some degree in terms of, of keeping on top of patients. I mean, I can kind of see both sides of the coin here, but I don't want this if I sign on for this in any way, change what I'm paying. Ok, uh for services. Ok. Um, as opposed to seeing the doctor, ok, with these extra phone calls or these extra billings that are being made to [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Now, uh are these are these phone calls from this nurse being charged to [PHI-Personal], [PHI-Personal]. And will they be charged toward my [PHI-Personal] copay?
Nurse: It does correct. It does get billed to [PHI-Personal]. So [PHI-Personal] covers 80% of the balance since, since over the $8.44 that remains over to your secondary.
Patient: Ok. Well, I'm talking about my annual co pay or my, excuse me, my annual deductible to [PHI-Personal], which I think is a little bit up. Ok. I think I just reached that today because I went to for an MRI. Ok. Got you. Um I don't know. I mean, you know, so this is going to circumvent my being able to call at the office or to doc to speak with doctor on the portal as I have been,
Nurse: You can still have as, as you normally would, this would just give you a live person. She'll be, it'll be the same nurse that contacts you, whether you choose to be on a monthly basis every three months or however the frequency that it is that you choose, but it would be the same nurse you would contact, she would contact you once a month. She would be able to assist you with some things as small as your prescription refills or even any specialist doctors that you, it's not just with [PHI-Personal], she can assist with your you, you know, your complete health.
Patient: Ok. Well, my my complete health is pretty good. Uh I don't know, you know, so many things these days that you get phone calls about. Um, I'm gonna have to think about. No, I, is, that is. So, so I have options as far as how frequently this nurse will call me? Correct. And what are those
Nurse: Options? It could be on a monthly basis every two months, three months or six months, even on a yearly if you felt like you didn't quite need it as often and just wanted the nurse to kind of, you know, have some background on you. I can
Patient: Tell you that I'm very comfortable with the way things are now. Ok. Uh, I mean, I've been dealing with the doctor and his nurse through the portal if it's, you know, if it's the contention that, uh, you know, let's get to the bottom line. I understand it's about [PHI-Personal] too. Ok. But I also understand the other aspect of it in terms of, you know, preventative health and stuff like that. You know, I'm, I was a social worker for [PHI-Personal] years, so I'm not a total idiot. Uh, I also understand [PHI-Personal]. So, you know what I mean? I'm, I'm, you know, I'm a skeptic when it comes to this kind of stuff. Um, uh, I don't know. Well, um, let's, let's, let's, uh, I don't even know if I'm, I don't know if I'm really talking to something, Doctor s office to tell you the truth. You know what I mean, I,
Nurse: I, but you can always contact the front office and they'll verify our services. That's
Patient: Not a problem. Right. You know, uh, there's so many things going on that I get phone calls about that. I, I know we're absolutely false. Um, mm. Are, are you calling from a call center or you calling from?
Nurse: Yes, I'm part of an enrollment. No, I'm part of an enrollment team.
Patient: Right. Right. Ok. I'm just wondering what, what the ramifications are gonna be a, you know, for my out of pocket, uh, you know, pass my insurance. If anything, you're telling me there's not gonna be any other, other, other, other than other than what would be covered under my [PHI-Personal] deductible. Correct. That is correct. Yes. Ok. And you're telling me that this is not going to circumvent any ability for me to see doctor [PHI-Personal] at the frequency that I might desire.
Nurse: Correct. No, it does not change. This is just an added resource and like you stated, it is a preventative, um, it helps keep the communication open between, you know, between appointments for doctor.
Patient: Ok. Well, I, I, I've been pretty communicative with the doctor and his nurse. So, uh, you know, I do that online a lot, you know, um, even when I have COVID, I have COVID, I, I, you know, obviously I didn't go in the office and I actually spoke to another provider at the time. Um, uh, I love this stuff. Um, so, and as far as medications I'm on Pace Net and everything's kind of like with the pharmacy is all set up. I, the only issue, I mean, is this gonna be an individual that's gonna be helping me in reorder medications and things like that? Because right now my pharmacy is contacting the doctor's office every 90 days for my medication. Ok. So that stuff is really not an issue
Nurse: With that as well. Again, it's, it's with everything, not just, you know, medications or stuff like that, even if you were taking, you know, a high amount out of pocket for your prescription, she can find programs for you. Um, again, anything with community resources that are available for you should be able to assist with.
Patient: Mhm. Ok. All right. Well, ok, let's, uh, is this something that I can dis enroll from any time? I want to?
Nurse: Absolutely. If you feel like after the initial phone call you say, yeah, this is not for me, you know, [PHI-Personal], please opt me out. She can go ahead and do so.
Patient: Ok. All right. If it's something that I can verbally disenrolled from and you ain't lying to me. Ok. But you better not be ok. Well, yeah, I'd love to hear this conversation because he knows me. Ok. Um, ok, let's, let's sign up for every three months. Ok. Which I don't, you know, again
Nurse: And again, like if you feel like it's not a program that's not benefiting you or even three months too frequent, just inform the nurse and she'll definitely opt you out or change the frequency for you. That's, I'm,
Patient: That's not a problem. I'm thinking if, if I were, you know, [PHI-Personal] years older and disabled or not, of sound mind and, and a lot of that kind of jazz. Ok. I think this would be like, even monthly, a good thing for me. Ok. But I'm not even close to that. Ok. Um even at [PHI-Personal]. All right. So um of course, you know, things can change overnight. You just never know. So let's sign on for the every three months to start out with these uh check in phone calls. Ok. That are billable to [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Mhm. But will not result in, you know, so this is something that is [PHI-Personal] approved these phone
Nurse: Calls. Yeah, it's a [PHI-Personal] based program. Um it again, it benefits [PHI-Personal] as well as it, you know, like you said that sometimes patients don't will typical act on.
Patient: I I understand that, you know, it could very well, one of the things could very well be, you know, just patient monitoring and you know, to prevent chronic or, or to manage chronic illness and stuff like that. So um. Ok.
Nurse: Ok, perfect. And I mail out her information. So if you do change your mind for, I hate it
Patient: When people say perfect because that's like I got you. Ok.
Nurse: No, I don't, I don't you, like I said, you can opt out at any time, [PHI-Personal], you can change your mind in five minutes and call me back. That's not a problem.
Patient: Well, I'm not uh ok. Well, I have your phone number and I am gonna write it down. So, uh what's your name? My name
Nurse: Is, I did it again. I'm sorry. My name is [PHI-Personal]. It's BE
Patient: CC A, [PHI-Personal]. Ok. And what, and what uh at what office are you?
Nurse: I'm with care management,
Patient: Care management. Now, this is [PHI-Personal] Care Management. You don't work for the practice.
Nurse: Family practice. No family practice. It's a [PHI-Personal] based program, but it's a family practice. We're putting it up through family practice.
Patient: Ok. So you are part of family practice, correct? But you're participating in this program. So you are an employee of ma of family practice. Not [PHI-Personal]. That is correct, sir. Care management. Ok. All right. Ok. Ok. Good enough. I can hardly wait for my first phone call. She'll be giving you
Nurse: A call in about a week or so. A
Patient: Week. Oh, we're gonna get one under our belt right off the bat. Ok. I'm surprised if not later today.
Nurse: She and I'll mail out her information for you. I've got the address as 5 50 Grandview Place, South Williamsport P A 17 O2. Excellent.
Patient: Correct. Ok. Well, you can fore warn that nurse about the cynical bastard that she's gonna be talking to.
Nurse: Ok, that's ok. Give her a run for our money.
Patient: Ok. I will keep on her to
Nurse: No worries.
Patient: All right. Thank you very much. You too. Bye bye bye. Bye bye bye.
