Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you?
Patient: Hi [PHI-Personal], this is [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: All right. Let me get your chart pulled back up. Give me one moment here. Alrighty. And I was just giving you a call to do your monthly follow up. How have you been doing?
Patient: Uh, I'm my hip is uh killing me. So, but other than that, I'm fine.
Nurse: Ok. I saw they got your surgery moved up to the end of [PHI-Personal]. Correct. That.
Patient: Yep. That's correct. I was hurting so bad. I called and said you any chance you can move it up and I lucked out and I think they had an opening so
Nurse: Good. I'm glad I know it's still a little ways away, but at least it's sooner than it was originally scheduled for. Yep. And other than your hip, how have you been doing?
Patient: I'm fine. I do, I, I have another problem but I'm not gonna deal with it until, until later, but I, I uh, I've had a couple neck surgeries, uh, because of a herniated disc and getting some sensations in my right, my left thumb like I had when I, that had happened before. It's not every day and it's a lot of times it's weather related, but it's like, I know that there is some right there. So,
Nurse: Ok. Have you tried like heat or ice to your neck to see if that helps with the sensation in your hand? No, I haven't. But so you could definitely try some, you know, heat or ice some light stretching that may help as well. Um Even stretching, you know, your arm, shoulder, that area can sometimes help with the numbness or tingling in the hand. But I can understand wanting to get your hip and things situated first before moving forward with that.
Patient: Yeah, it's, uh, I said it isn't, I can go three or four days and there's nothing and then, and I generally notice it when I get up in the morning. So I'm sure it's how on my, my neck, how my neck is when I'm sleeping that and then usually I get exercise and it goes away. So, ok, so it's not like a constant thing. So it's like, oh, I can wait but, but I'm at some point, I'm probably gonna have to get something looked at.
Nurse: Ok. And another thing too, I was taking a look at your chart looks like, um, you've got a diagnosis of high BP and we've not discussed that before either. Um, do you typically monitor your BP at home?
Patient: I don't, but every, I mean, on the medication and every time they take BP. It's perfect.
Nurse: That's good. Yeah, I see. Your last one here was good. It was 100 and 23/69. So that's, that's pretty good. Um, one of the things we like to educate patients on is just symptoms of high BP. So blurred vision, headache, some people develop nose b, nose bleeds or like facial flushing. So, if you notice any of those symptoms, we recommend, you know, having a seat taking your BP, seeing if that could potentially be the cause. Um, same with low BP. So, lightheadedness, fatigue, um, clamminess nausea can all be signs of low BP. So, if you have any of those, you know, we'd recommend checking your BP as well. But it looks like you said it's well controlled by your medication. So that's good.
Patient: Yeah, I, like I said, I, since I've been on the medication, I've never really had a bad check. So I, I really monitored it myself just because it's, I, I have no, none of those symptoms. And I said when I take it it's good. So I'm assuming that it's pretty much under control at this point.
Nurse: Yeah. And typically if people have a spike, it will be when they go to the doctor's office just from the, you know, the little bit of stress that going to the doctor's office ensues for most people. So if it is gonna run high, that's typically when it will do that. So if you're checking well, at your office appointments and things like that, more than likely it is well controlled, you know, the majority of the other time as well. All right. Well, I will plan on following up with you in about a month or so. It'll probably be shortly before you've got your surgery. Um, but if you need anything, you know, in the interim, feel free to give me a call and let me know. And, um, I can always help you out with whatever you might need. Ok.
Patient: Sure. I just, they, they just did a bunch like my blood test stuff and everything came back good with all my blood
Nurse: Too. I did see that. That's good. Yeah, it looks like they did your PSA level that came back good. Um, kidney function. Everything was good as well. So, that's all great.
Patient: All right. I'll just gonna, we gonna try and, uh, limp in, through, through the summer and get this thing done.
Nurse: Yeah, you've got, you've got, um, a month and a day. So you're almost, you're getting, getting closer.
Patient: Well, I golfed today. I felt it but I golfed today. I didn't golf. Well, but I got. Mhm.
Nurse: Well, that's good that you're still getting out and enjoying some of the things that you like to do, even though you're having some pain. Yep. All righty. Well, I will talk with you soon and if you need anything, feel free to give me a call. Ok. Ok. Thank you. No problem. All right. Bye bye bye.
