Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal]. You called me this morning?
Nurse: I did. How are you? Good, good. So the reason for my call, um was to introduce myself to you. Um, you recently were enrolled in the chronic care management program um, through Doctor Ward's office. Mhm. Um, sorry, I'm pulling you up here. Um, so I wanted to let you know that I'd be the nurse that's gonna reach out to you once a month in between office visits to check in with you to see how things are going. Ok. And I was also wondering if you may have just a couple of moments to go through your few medications just to make sure what I have on file is correct. Sure. So the first one I have is Allopurinol, 100 mg, two tablets daily. Yes, that's right. Benazepril five mg daily. Yes. Um, your Eliquis the 2.5 mg twice a day. Yes. Levothyroxine 100 micrograms once a day. Yes. And a multivitamin every day. Yes, perfect. Is there anything else that I didn't say that you take?
Patient: No, no, that it
Nurse: Perfect. Now, do you have any questions or concerns regarding the program, anything that I can help you with?
Patient: Um I was kind of wondering, you know, what is this going to do for me? You're calling me once a month, what are they gonna do for me?
Nurse: Oh, well, so it helps in patients um understand their um diagnosis better. Um helps keep the provider in the loop of how things are going outside of the office. Um We provide education, we assist in obtaining appointments, medications, um, answer questions concerns. Mm. So I, in all, in all we're here to assist our patients um, on behalf of doctor Ward's office.
Patient: Ok. All right. I, I have a question here if I, you know, I don't expect you to know everything right? If I ask you a question that you don't know the answer to, are you gonna go find out and get back to me? Absolutely. Ok.
Nurse: Yes. So what we do, um, if you ask us a question, well, this is what I do. If you ask me a question that I don't know the answer to I will reach out to your provider, um, ask that exact question the same way you asked me. Um, and as soon as they get back to me, I'll reach out um, and let you know what the answer to that question is.
Patient: Ok. Ok. Mhm. Ok. Um, now as far as calling once a month, um I'll let you know right now for the entire month of [PHI-Personal]. I will not be here. Ok, I'm leaving like, in two weeks and I won't be back until [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Ok. And I can make a note of that. That's not a problem. I can schedule you out from today until mid [PHI-Personal]. I'm out the first part of [PHI-Personal]. Um, so we can schedule our next call for [PHI-Personal]. That's not a problem. And, you know, if at any point in time you feel like your frequency of calls needs to be changed, decreased um increased you just let me know and we can change it um you know it's 100% up to the patient how often they wanna be called um and you know should something happen things change in your medical status, we may reach out a little bit more than once a month to make sure things are still going. All right you know make sure you're not having any issues.
Patient: Ok. Alright.
Nurse: All right. Well I'm also gonna send you a letter in the mail um this letter will have my name and direct contact number on it just for your records. So should you need anything I encourage you to reach out? Ok.
Patient: Ok. Mhm. All right. Ok.
Nurse: Well thank you for returning my call. I appreciate it. Sure.
Patient: Ok, take care. Uh
Nurse: Huh bye bye bye.
