Nurse: Care management. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, this is, I just got a call from new people and sorry, I didn't get it picked up in time, but I thought I call you
Nurse: Back. Oh, that's ok. Thank you for calling me back. Um I was reaching out for the doctors at [PHI-Geographic] about the care management program they are providing. Mhm. And so I just wanna let you know the line is recorded for training and quality purposes and so what the doctors are doing is they would just provide you with your own dedicated nurse. Ok. And where that nurse will just call you on the phone in between those office visits. So she'll be there to discuss and address any issues or concerns that you might have been having in between those appointments or if you just have questions in general that she can answer for you. And she also assists with medications, uh lab results and any community resources that you may be interested in. So anything that's um pertaining to your health, your nurse is an added resource for you. And more importantly, it does also keep uh [PHI-Personal] and your doctor updated with your current conditions and anything that may change just so this way they're able to better manage your health.
Patient: Yeah. Ok. That's good. That's great.
Nurse: Yeah. Um and then the program is also covered by Medicare. Um So the program is billable to Medicare. Um Medicare Advantage plans and any secondary insurance carriers and are also subject to a deductible, your copay and coinsurance if you were to have to pay any of that at those appointments, and then your nurse can call you on a monthly basis or once every two months or once every three months. And then you also have the option of opting out at any time as well. So, we were just wondering what would work better for you if you had a nurse call in the morning or the afternoon.
Patient: Um, I'll tell you what can I give you a call back tomorrow? Yeah, absolutely about this. Ok. Well, I will go home and, uh, uh, talk to my wife first of all. And my mind, I'm in the middle of something right now. I would continue to talk. But, um, let me call you back tomorrow and we'll set something up. But that sounds like a good program I'm interested in. I get on the portal a lot but, um, it's probably a little quicker if I have somebody to stand on it start.
Nurse: Yep. Absolutely.
Patient: Ok. Yeah, that makes sense. It sounds like a good program. So let me give you a call. Back tomorrow and if I get tied up tomorrow, I'm trying to get some things done. I I will definitely call back by Wednesday if that's ok.
Nurse: Yep, I'm here Monday through Friday. 8 a.m. to 4 30 every day.
Patient: Oh, great, great. Ok, I thought it was kind of late. So you're there at 4 30. That's great.
Nurse: Yep, I'm here until 4 30. So. All right.
Patient: So thanks very much and I'll definitely get back with you.
Nurse: Alright, sounds good. I look forward to hearing from you. Alrighty. Thank you. Alrighty. You're welcome. Bye bye bye.
