Nurse: Hello.
Patient: [PHI-Personal], [PHI-Personal], this is Ner. [PHI-Personal], how are you? Uh, well, I'm recovering from COVID. Oh,
Nurse: No, I'm so sorry to hear it. How are you feeling?
Patient: Um, I, well, ok, so it, so I started having a scratchy throat on Friday and thank God I stopped kissing [PHI-Personal] and then I tested on Friday evening and, uh, it was negative. So I thought, oh, I probably have the flu, maybe a cold. Yeah. Then I tested again on Sunday and it was positive. So I went into isolation and I canceled everything and all of that. So, I'm, um, I'm at day five, I guess. Right. Yeah, because the first day is zero, right? Uh, Sunday would be zero. So I'm at day five and I tested again and I'm still COVID positive. So. Oh, no. Yeah, I don't know why that it, maybe I tested too early cause, yeah, it could be. I was anxious. I wasn't gone. Yes.
Nurse: So, how have you, like, how have your symptoms been? Have they been really bad or? Oh,
Patient: No. Uh, oh, no. Um, in the beginning it was just really fatigued and, um, uh, I had a headache. I had a runny nose and then that developed into a cough, which I know is pretty typical. Um, um, but the cough always stayed up, uh, in the upper chest. It never went down. Thank God. Uh-huh. Um, and, uh, so that's now all in my head, I'm sure you can hear that.
Nurse: Um, I was just going to say you sound rather congested. Yeah.
Patient: Nasally,
Nurse: More nasally. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah. And so, um, uh, I think I'm, I think I'm on the mend. Um, you know, um, progression wise I went for a walk today alone, of course. Um, yeah. And, uh, yeah, although it tired me out, I only went half of my normal routes and when I got back I wanted to take a nap. So,
Nurse: Well, that's understandable. You know, COVID does, um, fatigue is one of the, you know, frequent side effects of COVID. It really does make you fatigue and, you know, and, um, even after I've had patients, even after they've tested negative, the fatigue is usually the last thing to go, like they're still kind of tired and, but the fact that you got up and walked and went outside and got fresh air, that's good. That's really good.
Patient: Yes, I agree. And it was so lovely outside, you know, it wasn't hot like it usually is. And so it was, yeah, it was quite nice. Well,
Nurse: That's good. I'm glad you got a chance to get out and, you know, and do that because that will help, you know, with help that helps, opens up your lungs and things like that. So that will help, you know, kind of get you going on on the healing process as well. Very good.
Patient: Thank you. Yes. Yes, for being so supportive. Yes. Yes.
Nurse: It, you know, so
Patient: Far, so far [PHI-Personal] been ok. Um, uh, but, you know, um, we'll test him again tomorrow. Um, and I like to be on the safe side too. Yeah. Yeah,
Nurse: Just to be on the safe side. Yeah. But I'm glad I'm glad kid that you aren't, you know, that your, your symptoms weren't bad. You didn't end up, you know, with any respiratory distress or anything like that because, so that's good. Like you, you, like, like I said, I can tell you you have a little nasal congestion but for the most part you sound pretty good.
Patient: Oh, thank you. Yeah, I feel pretty good. Um, that's, yeah, if you had talked to me last Friday, it'd
Nurse: Be a different story. I
Patient: Would have been asleep. You wouldn't have been able to, it.
Nurse: Well, you know, with COVID rest is one of the most effective things to, you know, it, to get your body healed is to, you know, make sure you're resting when you feel tired, lay down. Like I know it's especially if you're used to being like a busy bee. Yes, you have to like, you have to listen to your body. And when your body is telling you like it's tired, rest, rest cause that is one of the main things that will help you, you know, your healing progress.
Patient: Sure. Sure. Well, and, and you know, I'm so bored because I, I am a, I'm usually out there teaching yoga and you know, uh walking with friends and having lunch and, you know, going to pottery and it's like, yeah. Yeah.
Nurse: It's, it's so funny that we don't realize like when we are, when we have no choice but to be quarantined or sit to, like, actually sit in the house, it's like, oh my God, like I just need to go, go, go, go, go.
Patient: Yes. Right. Yes. It wake up. It's a wake up call though, you know, to how busy we do keep ourselves and sometimes it's nice to just chill.
Nurse: Yeah. And some, you know, and sometimes our body just needs that to just slow down, just sit down, rest chill. So, but after this you're gonna be ready to go again.
Patient: Yeah, I, I hope so. Yeah. Um, I did tell Doctor [PHI-Personal], I, I text, I, I messaged him within the, within the, um, Mychart, the Tagh uh-huh. And, uh, he, he asked if I wanted uh uh pack so, or whatever the thing is. And I, I told him that I didn't think so because my sister had a very bad reaction to that. Um, and luckily I didn't need it, but in the future in the future. If, if I got it really bad, uh, I think I would but I felt, I felt fairly confident that this wouldn't go anywhere. So, um, yeah. Paxlovid. That's what. Yeah. Mhm.
Nurse: Yeah, I know what you were talking about. Yeah. But, ok. Well, Miss [PHI-Personal] thank you for returning my call and I'm glad to hear that you are on the RO road to recovery from COVID. Um, I'm gonna give you a call sometime next week just to check in with you. Um, my patients that, you know, have, I have a few that right now that are either flu positive COVID positive. So I'm trying to, you know, just stay on top of that and really follow up with you guys. So III I
Patient: Wondered about that here in [PHI-Geographic] are the numbers up.
Nurse: Um, right now, you know, we are, we, there is nationwide, there's a, there's beginning to be increase in the COVID cases, which is common because, you know, we're, this is the, the time, you know, the month following the holidays. So, you know, a lot of people travel with family and friends and things like that. So the numbers have increased some, but most of the, the cases that I've been hearing about are just mild cases like how yours was, you know, to just kinda fatigue, you know, kind of like cough symptoms, you know, cold symptoms. So, yeah.
Patient: Yeah. So, yeah. Yeah, I just wondered because, you know, uh, I know people were talking about it rising the symptoms of the holidays, but I didn't know if it actually was ok. Yeah. Mhm. Well, thank you for checking in on me.
Nurse: You're welcome. And while I have you on the phone can, um, you know, with it being a new Year, I need to just verify the, the contact information that we have for you is still correct. Um, Are you still at [PHI-Geographic]? Correct? And do you still have the Medicare primary and a ARP secondary insurance?
Patient: Yes, we do.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. Well, I've, um, confirmed that updated in the system. Um, so once again, um, as always if you need me for anything, please feel free to give me a call. Ok. Ok. Thank you. You're welcome. And I hope you get to feeling even more better.
Patient: Yes, me too. All right. Thank you.
Nurse: Bye bye bye bye.
