Nurse: This is Tta speaking how may I help you? Hello can I speak to [PHI-Personal]? Um hold on one second um she left you a message. Yes. Ok hold on one second. Ok. Um is this Mr [PHI-Personal]? Yes. Ok. Um yeah we had just gave you a call yesterday I think. Um yeah we were just calling about the care management program that you're enrolled in at the doctor's office. We just wanted to um make sure that we have your address um accurate and that you all your medication was up to date for her. Yep. Ok. So for address we have [PHI-Geographic] apartment hold on one second. Is that [PHI-Personal] oh or what's your apartment number? [PHI-Geographic]. Ok. Yeah, that's right. All righty. Um and then for your medication I'm just gonna run down the list. You can just tell me if you're not taking it or if you have something different. Ok. So we have um the amLODIPine 10 mg. Yep. Aspirin 81 mg. Um glipiZIDE XL 10 mg. Yep um Hydro Chloroquine sulfate 200 mg. Yep, Lisinopril 20 mg. Yeah M metoprolol 50 mg.
Patient: That's up to uh a tab and a half. So that's actually I guess [PHI-Personal]
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. Ok. I in there. Ok. And then the oxybutynin five mg. Yep. Um Ozempic [PHI-Personal] mg. No, actually one mg One mg subcu injection. Oh, once a week on Thursdays. Ok. Ok. Mm rosuvastatin calcium five mg. Which was that? Rosuvastatin [PHI-Geographic] OS [PHI-Geographic] VA [PHI-Geographic]?
Patient: Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I don't know or something like that. Oh
Nurse: Ok yeah they have so many different names. Ok and then you have your glucometer the one touch uh and test strips do you need any uh test strips or anything like that? Refilled? No
Patient: No I'm fine.
Nurse: Ok and then are you using your CPAP at night? Yes. Ok and then are you taking anything that I didn't go over with you any any other medication? No no. Ok. Alrighty um let's see so you have you have repeat lab work on [PHI-Personal] at 10 15 I think that's the only appointment I show coming up soon. Ok and then um so you're gonna get a letter in the mail it's gonna have the phone number on there that you can call um whenever you need refills you have issues something happens in between your doctor's appointments you can just give us a call and then as far as us calling you they have you on a frequency of once a month you can always change it to like every three, every six or 12 or whatever works for you if if you feel like the once a month is too much. Um let's see. Ok, you have any questions or concerns about anything?
Patient: No, I'm I got that letter here and I think that's the same phone number I have here. Ok. Ok, the one I put in my phone because before it came up on not and I didn't answer it but then I got the message and then I put it in my phone so.
Nurse: Alrighty, so if you need anything just give us a call then. Ok. Ok. Alrighty have a good day.
Patient: Yep you too. Thank you. Uh huh bye
Nurse: Bye
Patient: Bye.
