Nurse: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi [PHI-Personal]. This is sorry, I missed your call. I just took the dog out for a walk and I just realized I didn't have my phone with me a call. Yeah. Ok. So what do you got for me? I know he's being transferred and they're probably picking him up now.
Nurse: Ok, so I spoke with um I was actually talking with another provider um and she called doctor [PHI-Personal]. Uh so he, he said that that he accepted his transfer um that he's being transferred at the request of the hospital he's at now. Um So they're the ones who requested the, the transfer. Um I guess in order for him to have the right heart Cath. Oh
Patient: Yeah. Ok. So they're, are they planning on doing the right heart Cath then?
Nurse: Yeah, they're gonna do that now as of, you know, they as of right now there's no, you know, we can't give a a definite date as to when that will be, you know, performed. Um but yes, he it's the Cape Regional Cape May is the one who actually requested, have them sent there. So, but yeah, he's gonna be sent there and then he'll just have the right heart Cath. And then, you know, hope hopefully he be sent home.
Patient: I'm sorry.
Nurse: And then hopefully it won't be long after that. He'll be, he'll be coming home. I hope so. I mean, I know,
Patient: I feel so big because he has nobody up there. Um, oh, you know, I can't get up there because I work, I work 3 30 or 11 30. So by the time I would get up there and I'd have to turn around and come back.
Nurse: Those hours are the worst. Uh, it's like that second shift. Um, and
Patient: Then tomorrow I'm working a double. So,
Nurse: Bless your heart. Goodness. I, I know
Patient: I got. Oh,
Nurse: Yeah, they're like Children. They're like babies.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah, we're working than that. Yeah. Well, II, I told my boss, I said, if you want me to come into work tomorrow, I have to bring the dog to work with me overnight. So there's no way I'm leaving the dog for 16 hours. Oh, no. And not, yeah. I mean, I have people that come in and take care of him but I'm not leaving him overnight by himself. I mean, he sleeps through the night but, you know, uh, well, I think if you should wake up, I'm not. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. No knowing your luck. The one time that you're not there, he would not sleep at night.
Patient: Yeah. And then, and he won't go in his crate. So.
Nurse: No, they never, yeah, they won't do that.
Patient: Mm. Mm. No. And I don't want, I don't want him to be trauma traumatized. So, all right. So it's because of Cape regional. Uh, well, I know, I know they said that, um, they didn't wanna be responsible for anything to, um, because of the Lasix and stuff like that. Uh,
Nurse: I, I, they knew that with his history and him being, you know, that they, you know, knew him better and, um, so they just probably felt it was best for him to, to be transferred. So, yeah, it's, it's not that, you know, Temple reached out and said we want him down there.
Patient: Ok. I just wanna make sure that they're gonna do something up there for him. Just. Yes. Mhm. To bed and then
Nurse: We, oh, no, no, he's, he's only being transferred for the right heart. Cath.
Patient: Ok. All right. That, that, that's fine then. Ok, we'll see what happens with that then. And if you could, if, if it's possible if you can keep me posted, I'd still like to talk to one of the doctors. Um, you know, just to see what,
Nurse: Oh, I'm sure like once he gets transferred and they go, they can, you know, actually go in and assess him. Yeah, because right now there's really no, you know, until they see him. Yeah, there's nothing to really, you know, but I'm sure once they do they will call you and give you an update as to when they're planning to do the procedure and all that stuff. Ok.
Patient: All right. If I don't hear anything by tomorrow morning, I
Nurse: Will you call me back. So,
Patient: Yeah, I have your number. Thank me, I appreciate it. You're
Nurse: Welcome. I hope you have a great day.
Patient: Thank you. You too. Bye bye.
