Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal] with the care management team. How can I help you? Hi, I got a call from you about a new care management program through, uh, Doctor [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Can you hold for a moment? Thank you.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: Hello.
Patient: Hello? Hi. Hi. Is this [PHI-Personal]? Yes, it is. Hi, [PHI-Personal]. Um, yeah, this is Tia. Um, and I was reaching out to you before, um, about the new care management program that the doctors are offering. And what is that? And so, uh, what that program en entails is the doctors would have a care management nurse just giving you a follow up phone call in between your office visits with her. So she'll call just to check on things and see how you're doing. Um, she'll ask if there's anything that needs to be addressed or discussed, such as if there were any issues that might have come up in between those appointments, um, any concerns that you might be having or just questions in general that she can answer and help you with. Uh, and then she will also review any kind of medications that you're on. So she'll just ask you how they're working for you or if there's any issues or problems with any of them and then if you need refills, she's also able to um, call and get them refilled for you too. Um And then she does go back and report everything to your doctor after every followup call. It's just a way to help the doctor stay, um, updated and aware of anything that might go on in between those appointments just so they can stay on top of things better, um, manage your health better and just making sure you're staying as healthy as possible. Uh, things like that. Um, and you will also have the same nurse that will follow up with you in between those appointments as well. Um, and for your insurance. Do you, do you have [PHI-Personal]? Yes. Ok. And that's um, also with that insurance. Yes. Um, so does [PHI-Personal] cover those, uh copays or do you have to pay them? I
Nurse: Have to pay, uh, Doctor [PHI-Personal]. Um, I think he, I think it's 10 or $20 every time I visit
Patient: [PHI-Personal] doesn't pick that up.
Nurse: No, I mean, it picks up the bulk of it, I guess, but I'm always responsible for that much, I think.
Patient: Um, all right. Um, because the program, um, does the insurance for the program as an office visit. Um, so if you have a copay might be billed for that copay if you're interested in the program. Um, so with that being said, if you were interested but worried about the copay, you can have a nurse follow up once every six months or once a year if you wanted to.
Nurse: I don't know. Right now I don't think it would be necessary for me. I mean, I can, I can do this somewhere else down the line if I get to that point.
Patient: Yeah, absolutely. So, what I can do for you is just send you out our information program to have, you know. Um, so if anything does change down the road, you could contact us at any time. Ok. That'd be good. All right. All right, Lisa. I will get that out for you in the mail. Ok. All right. Thank you very much. You're very welcome and enjoy the rest of your day. Ok. You too. All right. Thank you. Ok. Bye bye.
