Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. Hey, I, I pushed the wrong but look, it
Patient: Was such a perfect time. I wanna say, I hate to talk to you guys. Click.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, I put the wrong sentence. I don't know what it is unless that's hysterical.
Patient: Oh, that's funny.
Nurse: Well, I'm glad you're, you have, I didn't, uh, uh, but there are some things I have a question about. Ok, I see, I have all kinds of orders to get certain kinds of blood work and it says don't open it until [PHI-Personal]. I mean, I can see what it is. I mean, so is do, is this stuff I need to get done? I'm sure it is.
Patient: W where, when did it, when was it sent to you? And by whom which provider sent it to you? Doctor
Nurse: [PHI-Personal] is one of them? Then, then, uh, then my cardiologist is another one.
Patient: Ok, I see what's happening. There's one order and they're gonna use those, those samples for all those appointments and they're saying [PHI-Personal] because the sample, if you open it any time earlier and get it done because of the dates of these appointments. [PHI-Account] 26 15, 12 6. They, they won't be any good. So that's why after [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: So then I decided, well, I'm not gonna deal with it until [PHI-Personal] for then.
Patient: That's what they're recommending. Yep. So
Nurse: That, and that means it's in the computer so I can just go to the blood place and they can pull it up. Yes, I, ok. Good to go then.
Patient: Now, do you need any refills on anything?
Nurse: Well, I'm not sure I, they've been giving me so many medications except for my Ozempic when the p fell out. But now I'm back in, I'm back in business. Ok. And it's working. So that's good. And that Ozempic has changed my life really? Because I am losing weight for the first time in my life. Yeah.
Patient: That's good. I know. That makes you feel good. I know that makes you feel. Yeah.
Nurse: And I will try to work on the exercises. I know doctors can she do? She really wants me to and I really do want to, I think it would help because, you know, it comes to a point where, you know, you just don't lose as fast as those first two times. I went in and I lost, like, 10 and 11 lbs. I was, like, amazed that's never happened in my life. Uh, that's a, that's a lot. I know it really was. But, you know, all, all in, all I think I've lost about 70 lbs since I've been with this. Yeah. But it's taken me six years. So it's not like I'm a speed de because, but, but
Patient: It's better than notes, like it's better than having zero lbs lost in six years because that's, that's another option
Nurse: Going up in the fact that my blood work is better. You know, my, you know, I'm feeling better. I just think things are, you know, better all along and I think that I've discovered, I don't really need all those diuretics. I think that they, I should still have apr n additional diuretic if there are some days when I really would need it or if my BP would go up. But other than that, I think, and then I'm concerned because I have that, um, stem in my uh spinal cord for, you know, the incontinence and I don't know what's going on with that. I just, that's not working. I mean, and some of it's probably me too because that machine is, drives me crazy. So I don't know what's gonna happen with that. I mean, they probably should take it out and just let it be. But, um, if it can stay in for the rest of my life and I don't have to deal with it, it'll be fine because I think I'm doing better. I mean, I still have incontinence but I don't have number two incontinence ever since I started taking the fiber. Yeah, that and, and, and my kidneys are working. I mean, I'm definitely going to the bathroom. So, I mean, we, you know, is this gonna stop me from, you know, is my kidney going crazy or something? No, I'm, it seems to be working
Patient: Right. And the more the healthy, the more weight you lose, the healthier you'll become as
Nurse: You and I am still on track to try to do that. Yeah. You know, the thing is that she, when they weighed me the last bariatric way and I mean, I was shocked at how much weight I had lost. So my scale is a, is probably about five lbs heavier. So I don't know what's really real. It's hard to tell. I mean, if they're gonna measure me on the bariatric scale, then that's fine. It's five times less.
Patient: Oh, they gave you a, they gave you a scale or is your scale? You just bought a scale.
Nurse: I have my own scale that I've had for a while. But it's, you know, it's a good scale. I mean, it's, you know, but I don't know whose scale was right or wrong or I did lose that much because when I came back and weighed myself at home, I was more,
Patient: Yeah, the ones in the office tend to be a, more accurate than the ones on the market because they're calibrated. So you
Nurse: Would say, OK. All right. So I'll just say, hey, then I am doing good.
Patient: You are and take your win, take your win and run with it.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah.
Patient: What type of diet are you on? Are you on any type of diet?
Nurse: Well, yeah, they put me on, like a high, a little bit higher protein. I mean, and then some, the carbo is a little bit less and 1500 calories. So that's enough for me to eat. Really? I've been doing ok and, you know, I have some sweets every once in a while. Uh, but within my calorie range, as much as I can do it. You know, if it's a birthday, I might need a whole piece of cake. So, I mean, you know,
Patient: Who cannot, who cannot,
Nurse: We got a lot of birthdays in my family that so it's a lot of cake. Uh Well, I'm glad that you, I'm just trying to be normal. I mean, I'm not, it's just not gonna, I'm just not one of those people that are gonna just, but I hear you, I will, if, if you all wanna send me a BP cuff or whatever, that's great. And what time were you thinking of doing?
Patient: It's the, it's one that's going to connect to, um, it does, it, it connects via the uh the cell towers nearby to populate the numbers automatically and in real time. And it's a standard one that you put on your arm above the, you know, brachial space like normal. And the only difference is again, it's going to be calibrated and it's going to transmit the data straight into the chart here. So we'll be able to monitor. So that'll be a good cause for you to say, hey, my blood pressures are down. I don't need this medication, right? You, you understand it gives you some kind of, you know, backing to you saying I need this medication changed. Do you know what I mean? Well,
Nurse: Ok, so, yeah. Ok. That makes sense. Um, my arm is large so, I don't know, I need a larger cuff, I guess.
Patient: Ok. And when you, um, after this, I'm gonna transfer you over to who's gonna get all of that in order that she works with the department that actually gets them all sent out. So you should be, you know, good to go on that. And with the um heart failure diagnosis, we normally let them be weighed and we can send you a scale too. That way that one will be more accurate than, you know, the one that you currently have because sometimes you have that weight on you because of the water retention, you know, and it's not actually weight that you, I do
Nurse: Gaining. That's what I was a little concerned. Yeah, but you know what? It, I don't think I definitely do not need 20 mg of Lasix a day. No, plus my Valsartan has some uh hchctz in it. Hydrochlorothiazide. And so I was, the minute I get up, it would just gush out of me. It embarrassing I had to really try to watch wherever I was. And so, you know, when he let me not take as much, I started noticing that I was actually doing better and, uh, you know, and then for a while my, uh, rings would be tight but now they are loose and they're just fine. So, I, and you're the best
Patient: Advocate for yourself, you know, you know, your body, you know, when your body telling
Nurse: You, yeah, my body is taking it back. I mean, my body is doing better. I do need to do some exercises. So I, you got me on that one. Definitely. I just resist it
Patient: And, and look and look, and sometimes we overthink the idea of exercising, right? Like you can be sitting in the chair and lifting your legs up and down. That's an exercise that's working your legs out, that's getting your heart moving and pumping. That's allowing the, like, it doesn't have to be weight lifting and dead lifting and running. Right. Well,
Nurse: I ain't gonna be doing that anymore. Definitely not gonna do that. But no,
Patient: But, yeah, you know,
Nurse: Maybe it is trauma. Yeah,
Patient: Exactly. I'm, I'm traumatized thinking about it. See,
Nurse: I might have to have a psychological evaluation, you know, I was a middle. No. So I know, I hear you. But, yeah, I'm glad you have the humor though. Yeah.
Patient: It makes it so much easier. It makes it so much easier, you know. But Yeah. Don't over, don't over complex. It don't make it more complex than it has to be, you know, just get your legs moving, your arms moving and I,
Nurse: I am, you know, getting my body is getting better because I am losing weight. And, uh, so I think, you know, that's giving me real hope. Really. That's good that I can get rid of this weight.
Patient: You can and you are, and you are getting rid of it. That's, it's not even that you can, it, that you are, you're actively doing it.
Nurse: I know it's a miracle but that Ozempic is amazing. I've been reading about it. Um, it's like going like hot cakes because people are probably word of mouth saying, well, my grandmother did it and she has lost 50 lbs, you know, and so, and then they were having a shortage in the two mg. I think that you, you know, it's a little bit higher dose than mine. They were having like a shortage. They didn't have anymore. A RP friend of mine called me. She said, be sure you get all your medicine so that you don't run out. And I said, oh, ok. I'll be sure I'll stay on top of that.
Patient: Yeah. Right. Right. That's awesome. I'm glad that it's going well for you. You keep up the good work, stay motivated. And like I said, the one way that you can stay motivated is breaking it down, breaking it down breaking it down, small little marching feet, you know, marching feet while you're sitting there, you know, some ups and downs, you can hold, you know, two things in your hand, whether it's two books and go up and down, up and down. Like those are easy little exercises you can do and it counts your count. Yeah,
Nurse: That's true. Well, thank you. What did you tell me your name was?
Patient: My name is [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Ok, thank you. I think I'm doing ok. I'll look for starting those other things in [PHI-Personal]. Ok. And
Patient: I'll check back with you. Um I'll check back with you sometime next month to see how everything is going with you. Ok.
Nurse: Ok. That's great. Thank you.
Patient: You're welcome. Just hold the line and then [PHI-Personal] will finish up, get the cuff sent out and then we'll be good to go and then I'll call you in a couple of weeks. But if you need me in the meantime, give me a call. Ok. Ok. Ok. You're welcome. Have a good day.
Nurse: You too. Bye bye. All right. Bye bye.
