Nurse: Care management. [PHI-Personal], can I help you?
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Hi. So, um, so I got a message back from [PHI-Personal]. Um, and she says gay would patient make a new referral to [PHI-Geographic] Home [PHI-Geographic]. Um I said that I would call you and ask you about that. But then the other part of that is I, I was gonna let her know, you know, maybe it might be a good idea to first see the surgeon tomorrow and see what he has to say or she because, um, you know, if they change the dressing, if they change the orders, if they change the frequency, if they think you really do need to go to wound care if the, if something needs to be done to this. Um, you know, I'm not really sure, you know, it, it kinda would make more sense to find out what needs to be ordered before we send an order, um, or a referral. I mean, so, I mean, I didn't know what your thoughts were on this topic of [PHI-Geographic].
Patient: Um, one, I'm glad to know that there is another option. Um,
Nurse: And I'm assuming that they would accept you and I'm assuming that your insurance would cover them. I don't know for sure though. There would be no way of knowing absolutely without absolute definitive answer until it's, you know, referred and they get it and process
Patient: It. Um, well, like I say, right now they're talking about, uh discharging me next week. So, um. Mhm. I don't know. Uh, like you say though, depending on what Doctor [PHI-Personal] says tomorrow, that's good to kind of decide who uh, wasn't where, uh, is going to come. Uh, I did talk to the nurse today and she said, you know, yeah, I, this is a different nurse and she just said, well, our goal is to, you know, get you healthy. And I said, well, what about the incision? And she said, oh, definitely. She said that's, you know, that will be ongoing is the word she used. So,
Nurse: Yeah, but if you can't change your own dressing, how is that gonna
Patient: Work? Uh, well, they're
Nurse: Thinking about discharging him
Patient: Will discharge you be from PT and OT?
Nurse: Oh, ok. That's a totally different ball game. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just, I'm focused on the nursing part of it,
Patient: Right? Ok. She, that's what she said, the nurse said, uh, well, that'll be ongoing. So she, she didn't use, you know. Oh, well, we're thinking of discharge to you next week. So, yeah. Ok,
Nurse: I got you. So, nursing nursing parts ongoing. So, I mean, why don't you give me a call after your appointment, whether it's tomorrow or the next day. Let me know what he, what doctor has to say. Um, because I'm gonna be honest with you. So I don't know if it's gonna be better with [PHI-Geographic]. I, I don't know. Sure. Um, it's like, is it better to stay with, you know, the, the devil? You know, or the one? You don't know. I don't know what the answer is. I'd hate to see you have a lapse in care. Um, because, you know, it's not going to happen immediately either. Right. And there may need to be a time frame from where one isn't seeing you before another one starts. I don't know. So I'm just, just things to think about. I don't know if it's gonna be better or not. I can't guar, nobody can guarantee that. II, I can't.
Patient: No, I, you know. Yeah, that's fine. I just, like I say, I, I called because I didn't, I didn't know who to call other than yourself and, uh, just talk it over with, with somebody and mhm. Sure.
Nurse: Sure. Ok. Let me give [PHI-Personal] an update and touch base with me. Hopefully before, like before the weekend. Ok. And let me know what happened and if we are gonna change anything, you know, because I'm not even sure if they transfer care from one to the other. I'm not sure. I'm not sure because, you know, especially with [PHI-Personal] and [PHI-Personal], there's all sorts of rules and, and regulations. So, yeah, that, that could get a little interesting there too. Possibly. So. Ok.
Patient: It was not too, uh, labor is a whole idea. But I went to a urologist, I think that's her title last week at Doctor [PHI-Personal] that I was referred to and I got to the appointment and they didn't take my insurance, they did take the Dual United Healthcare, dual complete. And so, so I gave me a call but uh, well, when they set up
Nurse: The appointment and they ask you what insurance you have.
Patient: No, so
Nurse: Yeah, see and see that's that I'm not saying it is because I'm not an insurance specialist. I'm not, you know, a case worker. I mean, I don't work with that stuff directly, but I do know there's lots of rules especially with transferring care um in companies and if they read the notes and this and that and you know, it, it could be more of a hassle for you than, than what you're already going through. Believe it or not. I'm not sure, but I'm just saying it's a possibility.
Patient: Sure.
Nurse: Ok. All right. I wanna update her before she leaves and let me know. Let me know how you make out. Ok. All right. So sure. Absolutely. I'll talk to you soon. Take care. So
Patient: Can I ask you one other question? Sure. Go ahead. Um I need to know about retail. He's good. He's good. He's good. He's crazy but good. He's crazy but good.
Nurse: He's crazy but good, crazy but stable. Let's put
Patient: It that way. Now did, but did, didn't you tell me that he was on some kind of anxiety medicine? He is. Um um can I, yeah, you what? Sure. He's on PROzac. Um He's on PROzac. Um OK, because my sister's dog was showing uh sides of just true uh anxiety and he's a lay up and I said I don't know, I I know somebody that's got a dog that makes sense. Uh she said, oh, I've never heard of uh prescribing that so. Oh
Nurse: Yeah. Oh yeah, PROzac is very, very common for pets. Absolutely. Yeah, I get it from um I get it from uh whatever that mail order places for the
Patient: Pets, it's
Nurse: Like big dish, they dish it out like candy to pets. Yeah. Yeah for sure. Alright, so I'll talk to you soon. Take care. Ok, bye bye.
