Nurse: Hello, this is Nicole.
Patient: Hi, Nicole.
Nurse: Hi there. Nice to hear from you. I'm glad that we were able to connect on the phone.
Patient: We find each other again.
Nurse: Good. Good. Let me just pull up your chart really quickly here. Um, I was just calling to follow up on our phone call a bit earlier this month and see how you've been feeling since then.
Patient: So I'm doing really well. Um, good. It's all, it's all relative, but I'm doing really well. Bye. Had an appointment with an orthopedic guy,
Nurse: But I can, I
Patient: Canceled it because I'm doing really well. My, my motion is, is really good. I'm sleeping now.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: Do not have a lot of pain anymore. Um,
Nurse: That's fantastic. I
Patient: Just a couple of days ago I just turned the corner. I don't know what happened. Like, all of a sudden, like I could find, you know, comfortable positions and I, I think PT is like, really helping. So, yeah, so I, I thought I wait and see before I waste somebody's time or, you know, I, I don't, I just don't think I need it right now. You know, if another month goes by and I don't feel like I'm advancing, then. Maybe I'll, I'll go. But right now it's a, it's amazing how good I feel compared to a month ago.
Nurse: Wow, that is, that's really amazing. That's fantastic. Yeah. Um, and then I think that you had mentioned the last time we called or we spoke that, um, the x-ray didn't show anything, but you were thinking it was possible that like more additional imaging would kind of show more of what's going on. But you said that the symptoms have been improving, right?
Patient: Greatly improving. That's why, you know, I was just, I was just impatient thinking that I wasn't improving fast enough and maybe something else was there. But now it's crazy how well I'm doing. I mean, I'm not completely better. That probably is gonna take at least a couple of months, but I'm definitely at, you know, [PHI-Account]% compared to a month ago when I was like at 15% or 20% you know. So, yeah, so I, I just think I have to keep doing my stretching, keep doing my exercises, right? P three people are really good and uh yeah, it's crazy. Like I, I kind of turned a corner a couple of days ago.
Nurse: That is fantastic. Um What are their thoughts on the x-ray and the MRI?
Patient: So the PT people think, well, I already had the X ray and it shows nothing but the MRR I, you know, when they're digging in there and like touching different muscles and I, and I'm reacting in different ways. They basically said we could tell you exactly what the MRI is gonna show because they feel it.
Nurse: Um Yes.
Patient: So I'm the one that pushed the MRI only because I was getting nervous, but Doctor [PHI-Personal] didn't seem to think I needed it. Neither did the PT people. So. Right. I'm just gonna follow their lead for now.
Nurse: Right.
Patient: And just see it, it, it's just, I mean, I'm used to this. I had both hips replaced. It took about a year for each hip until I was completely like it never happened. And I just have to be more patient, you know.
Nurse: Yes. And it's difficult. I think it's easier said than done to be patient with yourself and give your body time that it needs to really recover. Um, remind me what it was. Uh, right rotator cuff tear from my understanding that you've had going on. We're gonna call
Patient: It a rotator cuff injury, but it was never proven that it was a tear. What they said was that every muscle that formed, the rotator cuff basically was wounded in one way or the other stretched, uh, beat up, you know, I don't, I don't know if you would call it a tear more than like an injury. Um, but it's ok, you know, it was mostly swelling and bruised. I, I had some bruises at the beginning and I'm sure I had a ton of swelling. I, when it first happened I couldn't move my right arm at all. It was completely frozen. So, well, now I can hold my arm over my head. I can touch my back a little bit. Not completely, but I can touch the top of my head. I mean, that's great
Nurse: That you have better range of motion. Right. Yeah.
Patient: Little things that you, that you take for granted that you don't think about.
Nurse: Right. But they're very important to be able to do. Oh, yeah, I
Patient: Can cut, I can cut food now with my right hand, which I couldn't do for like 10 weeks.
Nurse: Right. Right. No, I think that's fantastic that you're doing it so well. And I know your wife has the glioblastoma and it might be difficult for her in some instances to help with things because of that situation. And so I might get, does she kind of rely on you to help with cutting things and those types of things for food?
Patient: Well, no, she's completely independent that way. What, what gets complicated is the treatment that she's on is called T and it's a device that's glued to her head. I have to change the device every two days. Ok. So for a while it was very difficult for me to do it, but you know, you adjust. So I would, she would sit on the floor and I would stand on a bench so that way the top of her head, if my hand was, if my arm was completely hanging down her head underneath my hand and I could, I could do the, you know what I needed to do, but now I've got to the point where I can do her head just standing next to her. We don't have to do any that weird stuff anymore that we did for so long.
Nurse: That's, that's fantastic. That's honestly really good.
Patient: Yeah. So that's all. So, that's why I canceled the appointment. I didn't wanna start getting involved in like another set of eyes when I already have three sets of eyes on there, you know?
Nurse: Absolutely. And your physical therapist, they, they seem to know you pretty well and really work with, they're trying to work with your muscle groups and help manage your symptoms and improve your range of motion, which is what you need. Yeah,
Patient: They're really good. I mean, the first, the first thing they asked was, what, what do I need to work on first? So I needed to work on whatever muscles would help me take care of my wife. That was what
Nurse: I exactly. Number one. Yeah. Right.
Patient: Um, you know, happy wife. Happy life.
Nurse: Right. True. Um, well, I'm grateful that you are doing as well as you are and you're feeling so much better, you know, and everything is going so well for you that way, the good thing is now you have the phone number. If in the future for some reason, you need to see orthopedics, you know how to contact them, you can always talk to the physical therapist first and see what direction they're recommending and go from there and, or just see how you feel. Um, I would recommend, I know you're doing the diclofenac right gel and you're using the anti that anti-inflammatory. Um, and then you're also taking the Tylenol and bio freeze. Right.
Patient: Right. So what I'm doing now that Tron whatever it is, uh the gel I stopped using that. I didn't feel like it was helping. So I decided one less thing. I mean, I used it for a while and it helped. But
Nurse: Yeah, or maybe use ice and heat, you know, something like that
Patient: Right now I'm using ice and heat and now that I'm feeling that more heat than ice and before
Nurse: Perfect. He, yeah, well, heat is ideal for muscle injuries like what you have it, it really does help. Um Well, I appreciate you taking time to speak with me this morning. I will call you next month to see how things are going. If anything comes up before then don't hesitate to reach out and I'm more than happy to help you. Have a wonderful holiday. Yeah,
Patient: You too. And thanks.
Nurse: Alright, you're so welcome.
Patient: Whether you like it or not, you're part of my team now.
Nurse: Good. Fantastic. You have a wonderful holiday. Right?
Patient: Nicole [PHI-Personal], everything. Happy
Nurse: You too. Ok, bye.
