Nurse: Good morning. Thank you for calling Care Management. My name is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you today?
Patient: Did somebody from there call for [PHI-Personal]? [PHI-Personal] just this morning? I couldn't make out what?
Nurse: No worries. That was me. I do pull that with
Patient: You. Ok. Would you wanna talk to him? I tell him what?
Nurse: Absolutely. I, that's not a problem.
Patient: Oh, wait, just talk pretty loud.
Nurse: Ok. My name is [PHI-Personal]. And may I have your name? [PHI-Personal]? [PHI-Personal]. Thank you very much, [PHI-Personal]. My name is [PHI-Personal]. I'm with [PHI-Geographic] on behalf of doctor's care management. We're reaching out because we're providing a care management program. It's a call from our nurse where she checks in, in between visits. She'll answer questions or concerns. Help manage current health conditions can assist with medication, lab results, community
Patient: Resources. Uh It's from, it's from the, the new doctor they got over there and to check the different visits, I'll put him on, just talk loud. Ok. Thank
Nurse: You. Ok, George. Yes, George. How are you today? Oh, I don't know. Go ahead. We're calling because actually yourself and Shirley are eligible for our program. It's a phone call from our nurse where she checks in with you, she'll just give you a call, make sure everything is going well. She'll answer questions or concerns anything that pertains to your health. The nurse would be an added resource. Now, the calls are documented, treated as a billable service to Medicare. Medicare Advantage plans, secondary insurance carriers subject to deductible copay, coinsurance for our care management and behavioral health program. Now, with your insurance, the Geisinger Gold, there is no copay. Would you prefer if the nurse called in the morning or afternoon for yourself? And Shirley George? Oh, in the morning mornings. Ok. And I'll mail out some information. I've got you at 9 61 DW Goodling Road. Excellent Mount Pleasant Mills. Ok. And we are all set. I appreciate your time. George. Stay cool today. Have a great day. Ok. Mhm. Bye bye bye. It. So.
