Nurse: Hello, Care Management. This is Tia. Tia.
Patient: My name's [PHI-Personal]. Uh I, I've received a, a voice mail and a letter in regards to a care management program.
Nurse: Oh, yes. How are you?
Patient: I'm fine. How are you today? Good,
Nurse: Thank you. Yeah. Do you have a couple of minutes? I can go over that with you. Yeah, if you would please. All right, perfect. So what they're doing is uh the doctors will just provide you with a dedicated nurse and where that nurse will just call and check in with you in between office visits. Um She'll be there to answer any questions or concerns that you might have been having in between and she also assists with medication refills. Um any lab results, if you had any blood work or testing done, she could go over those results with you or if you were just interested in any community resources. Um So basically anything that is pertaining to your health, your nurse will be an added resource for you. And more importantly, it does keep [PHI-Personal] updated with your current conditions and anything that does change in between just so this way uh she can stay on top of things, it helps her to better manage your health and they also wanna make sure they are providing you with the best care possible. Um And now it is also covered by Medicare and what they do is they treat it like a regular office visit. Uh So it is a billable service to Medicare. Um Medicare Advantage plans and any secondary insurance carriers and are subject to a deductible or copay if you were to have that. Um, and now your nurse can reach out on a monthly basis or every couple of months and you also have the option of opting out of that program at any time as well. So, we were just wondering if you would prefer a nurse to call you in the morning or the afternoon? What would work better? Well,
Patient: I, I'm not sure that that's something that I need. Ok, I, I'm, I'm not cos right, right now, you know, this is something that up until this point anyway, I've been, uh, very healthy and, oh, I don't really see a, a need at this time.
Nurse: Ok. And I can just, uh, give you a copy of what I went over. So you have it and you can reach out at any time. Ok.
Patient: All right. All right. Well, I appreciate you taking time.
Nurse: Yeah, absolutely. And I thank you for calling me back and speaking with me and I hope you enjoy the rest of your day. All Right. Thank you. Ok, bye bye.
