Nurse: Hey, [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hey, [PHI-Personal], how you doing? Good. How are you? Oh, ok. You know uh three times today we got uh in touch with each other. I mean that that's really doing good.
Nurse: Absolutely.
Patient: Absolutely. Hey, um could you see if doctor could uh refill uh traMADol prescription for me? Yeah,
Nurse: Give me one second. Let me get into your chart here.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: Mm. Excuse me, let me see
Patient: Here. Oh yes.
Nurse: TraMADol. You take the 50 mgs. It's every six hours as needed.
Patient: Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. Let me go to the pharmacy here. What do you take the traMADol for,
Patient: For pain? Arms and that and hopefully that'll lessen up. I'm going uh today was my first day with PT over here at the [PHI-Personal] with that. So hopefully the more I do the PT, the less that, you know, uh we work with it, you know, letting that up and the pain and that.
Nurse: But yeah, and where did you say your pain was
Patient: In my arms,
Nurse: In your arms? Ok. And what is that, is that like anything, was there anything in particular that causes the pain in your arm?
Patient: Uh mainly uh using my upper body? And stuff to do my transfers from the bed to the wheelchair and then, uh, transfer it into the, like, the car and stuff like?
Nurse: Oh, yeah. So that's why they started the, um, traMADol then. Yeah. Ok. All right. And you said you did start the physical therapy today? So that's good. And then you use Walmart and [PHI-Personal]. Correct?
Patient: Yes.
Nurse: Ok. And then let me see, what do you take anything else for your pain or is it just the traMADol?
Patient: Well, some Tylenol and that, and, uh, and, uh, and I use a little bit on the, uh, what is it? What? No, it
Nurse: Diclofenac.
Patient: Yes. Yeah. Right. And I don't use them both at the same time. Uh, no use, uh, like the traMADol, like, I'll use it, you know, maybe once or twice a day, you know, like in the evening and in the morning and, and usually I'll separate them by like, uh, an hour or two. I use, take maybe the, uh traMADol and then an hour or two later I'll, yeah, use the, the ointment that, you know,
Nurse: And just make sure with it. So there is Tylenol and traMADol. Did you know that?
Patient: Uh, no, we didn't.
Nurse: Yes. So there's actually traMADol in, um,
Patient: The, oh, yeah, Tylenol and the trim that, yeah. Yeah, I know we did.
Nurse: Yep. So well active, you know what? Hang on one second. Let me
Patient: Look and I'm not constantly using, uh, oh, no. No, no,
Nurse: No, no, that's not what I was getting at, at all. No, you're completely fine. I just wanna make sure I know the reasoning. So, I mean, I'm sure your doctor is gonna know, but I always just like to put in there what you're using it for because then we don't get questions back. Like, you know, what are they particularly using it for now? So, no, you're completely fine. Um, so well and I guess they, well I guess they have a combina. Let me see, maybe it doesn't I thought it used to have traMADol in or Tylenol in it, but regardless the traMADol is a different class than the diclofenac. Ok. So that's ok that as long as I mean obviously I wouldn't use them like I you're using a an hour or two apart. So that's completely fine, right? So ok, I will send a a message to the office and then either they or I will be calling you with the results of your urine culture and I guess they don't, I don't know, I guess they I guess it doesn't anymore. I thought once upon a time it did. Um but anyway, so yeah, no it's fine, I'll send that to the office for you. Ok? Alright, thank you.
Patient: Alright and thank you. You're
Nurse: Welcome bye bye bye.
