Nurse: Cod, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. Good afternoon. It's [PHI-Personal] back. You phoned me at about 8 30 this morning. I'm a patient of doctor [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: All right. Uh Good afternoon. Give me a little, sorry. No, no, you're fine. It's the same day. That's, that's better than most. So, that's good. Give me one second
Patient: Though,
Nurse: Right? Uh You had actually, um, called in
Patient: To [PHI-Personal] for a while. Yeah. Yeah, you were
Nurse: Having back pain. So, yeah,
Patient: I, yeah, and, and, but, but before I go I go any further with it, [PHI-Personal]. Do you have any, um, do you do anything with prescribing, um uh refilling prescriptions for doctor? Because I just got a, a crazy phone call from my pharmacist saying that my regular three prescriptions, which I do every three months for years because I have the weirdest case of postherpetic neuralgia from a shingles ca uh shingles uh situation in [PHI-Personal]. I didn't come to the office uh soon enough to get the, um, the antibiotic that would have killed it all. Um The, the, the motor voice says, robot says to me that one or more of my prescriptions have been denied now. Uh, yeah. And I, but you, when I called them back, could I get anybody on the line? No. So, I thought, well, I wonder if you might know what happened to that?
Nurse: I do. I can see it here. Um, there was actually looks like a duplicate request for your gabapentin. So. Oh,
Patient: For heaven's sake. No, the last thing I wanted, I wanna duplicate is gabapentin. I know that it's a controlled substance. [PHI-Personal]. But believe me, I'm too old to sell drugs. The only, the only damn thing that fixes the PHN and I, and I, for years, I've said this, it only does maybe 40 40 50% of the pain is that damn drug. But boy, if I could get off of it for a better pain controller, I would, it's put 20 lbs on me. No, I think what's happened was I'm on a, an automatic refill sort of thing. And then when I, I screwed everybody up yesterday by actually going to the pharmacy with my three, my three bottles. To say, by the way, I just ran out of um, I think I ran out of the DULoxetine and may I refill all of these at this time? And maybe that's what happened that because I walked in. Yeah. No, no, [PHI-Personal]. That man is holding my life together. I do not want him to think that there's any drug weirdness going on. I, no.
Nurse: And he wouldn't even have seen it, uh, it was just duplicate request that come through and, and the nurse that worked, it deleted the second request. That's all.
Patient: No, not in this town especially, please. I don't blame her a minute. But, um, if I could just have one prescription refilled
Nurse: And it was already sent it
Patient: Already, it's already been fixed. Oh, I see. So that's an old message. And I'm, I'm wasting your precious time with this age of in D. You're fine.
Nurse: You're fine. It was yesterday. It was sent to your pharmacy yesterday,
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. You're a doll. Thank you for listening to me on that score. The other score is simply, I'll tell you there's a, um, I work at the Falmouth [PHI-Geographic]. Now I have a [PHI-Personal] in the kitchen and one of the tasks I have is to use a very heavy mop. Now I can do all the other jobs. I'm a what they call a passer. I go up to the floors and, and give people their trays. My mom done that [PHI-Personal]. Oh my God. That
Nurse: What you're doing. And that's a busy, busy, hard
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. Right. Right. Well, it is because what I find the worst part about it is when I've stupidly put an incredibly heavy tray on the bottom row of the, of the uh box that brings up the food with me. The, the, I can never know what that thing is called. The big blood, you know, steel box. Anyway. Um, the worst part of that [PHI-Personal]. I find it actually, you know what, [PHI-Personal] don't barf, but I find that [PHI-Personal] an honor to see those people. I love to go in and say hello to them and give the di and help them with their little plastic thing is full of ketchup and everything because nobody, nobody can open them. So I help them open their things and, and nobody else in the kitchen now likes to do that except me. So I love the [PHI-Personal]. Don't, I'm not trying that. No, no, no. It really is the truth. I must say it. It make, actually makes me cry once in a while. But the worst part of my [PHI-Personal] is when I have to hold the large, heavy mop and I find that it killing my back and, and uh I only, I don't have to do a big, huge swath of the kitchen floor, but I have to do a considerable size. Well, I, so I thought, you know, my back hurts me right in the middle. Every time I do this, I wonder whether I need another bone density test. I know Doctor [PHI-Personal] office scheduled one for me about maybe 10 years ago and I had 1.9% lost Lo L Os s and I thought maybe that's my problem because it's right in the middle of my backbone. And so what [PHI-Personal] suggested was I put in a workman's comp and, and I really, I, I talked to the coo of the [PHI-Geographic] about that. I said, look, you know, II, I don't know exactly what, what workman's comp means, believe it or not. I'm not naive and stupid. I said it, it's, you know, II, I just, I don't want them to fire me because I can't do this [PHI-Personal] very well. And, and on a couple of occasions I've just said, no, you guys write me up. I can't do it. Um, you know, I, last night I, I took the up and I, instead of picking it up, I just sort of waved it slowly around and dumped a lot of water down on the floor so that it would look good. But, um, but it's just that, that part of my [PHI-Personal] is killing me. So I thought, well, maybe to isolate the problem, maybe do if they, if they aren't too expensive, a bone density test would help people maybe figure out like me, figure out why I'm in such pain with that mop. Yeah. So that was what I, yes called about. Mhm.
Nurse: Sure. So, what I can do is just forward all of this to him, let him know your situation. Um, and let him know that you'd like to have a bone density test
Patient: And see what he says you are the best, right? I'm sure they are not cheap and I'm sure I would wait several months for it. That's no problem. And I'm sure I have a big enough mouth to say at work. Look, you got, if you want me to pass, I'll pass. But this mopping thing is, is not my [PHI-Personal]. So I'll see what I
Nurse: Can. Right. And then, I mean, if it comes down to the fact that maybe you need a letter stating that the mopping is just too much on your back. Um,
Patient: Yeah. Would you think doctor would be ok with that? Maybe?
Nurse: Uh, yeah, I, I can, yeah. Yeah. If you can ask him to write a letter stating that. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I, I didn't wanna ask him to do anything like that without him seeing me. Of course. But if, if he, you know, I know he believes me. I know he doesn't think I'm a kook or anything. I, I mean, ii, I like the [PHI-Personal]. I really do too and I, I get a full time [PHI-Personal] if I could, I'm on early social security. So, you know, they don't, they don't allow you to make more than about 19,000 a year until you're [PHI-Personal]. So that's why it's part time. But boy, [PHI-Personal], I know I'm getting a little creaky. That is the worst part thing to do. Um, I, I wash my own kitchen floor on my hands and knees. It's much simpler. And I asked them that, that at the, at the kitchen I said, look, you guys, I'm not proud. I'll get on my hands and knees and wash this floor because I know that it won't hurt. Mhm.
Nurse: Right. It's just that, that mop is just too heavy.
Patient: Yeah, that's on your mind. And it's made for men. Yeah. Yeah. If
Nurse: You, yeah, they're big. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, have you asked them to get you a smaller mop? Well,
Patient: Actually I did myself, I bought a smaller mop at, um, at the grocery store and, um, I brought it in and nobody seemed to, they, nobody said yes or no. But tonight I go in and there's a real bit ch who's leading us and I know she's gonna take one look at the mop. She hasn't seen it yet and say, I'm sorry, but that's not our official instrument and, and, and I know I'm just going to scream. So, well, I won't scream. I've never screamed, but I'll give her a, a surly look, I'm sure. Anyway, um, I'll try it tonight. But, yeah, but I, you know, it was noticeable enough for me to wanna bother doctor who I know has [PHI-Personal] s and doesn't really need to hear from me when he doesn't have to. So, you know, I just thought maybe this is my back going to hell.
Nurse: Well, don't let it, don't let that happen because let me tell you my, my, it's funny because my mom, she done that [PHI-Personal]. So, um, and then she ended up, um, losing the [PHI-Personal] that, that she was doing. She doesn't live in, at, in [PHI-Geographic]. So it wasn't at either [PHI-Geographic] or [PHI-Geographic]. Um but the [PHI-Geographic] that she worked at, um they got rid of multiple people. My mom was one of them and then so that little time went by and before we know it, my mom's having, you know, she's put on a little weight because she's not running around like that anymore. She starts to have spinal stenosis to the point where tension on her
Patient: Nerves, she couldn't walk. I work, I worked as a medical editor for 30 years.
Nurse: Yeah. She ended up to have back surgery and, oh, see, that's what I, that, I mean, she's went through
Patient: So much. Yeah. Yeah. There's no species on we [PHI-Personal] than orthopedic surgeons. And I don't want to go anywhere near them with my back. My one and only back bone. I'm sorry. But I had
Nurse: A, to the point though that she couldn't walk. So she was like, she had to do something and she kept falling.
Patient: II, I didn't think this was a frivolous, uh, comment to make about my, the way I'm feeling. But I also didn't want to be a big cry baby. I mean, I've only been on the [PHI-Personal] two months but I did start to notice it and they like me, you know, they've asked me to come on for extra hours and, and I think that's very flattering. So I, I guess I'm not getting up their skirt too high with this, with this problem. But, um, but it didn't, it
Nurse: Sounds like a simple problem if it's one thing that you're struggling with, you know, hopefully they can make an adjustment
Patient: For you. Right. I think so. But, um, but it would be nice to know if I am losing a lot of bone mass. Um, uh, if, you know, if I could, maybe if, if he could see what that I was, for example, that maybe I could head it off at the pass, you know, I'm, I'm absolutely taking too many words to, to talk to you about
Nurse: A simple right now. Are you taking any type of calcium?
Patient: Oh, good lord. No, no, I'm afraid since I take the three pills every day to survive. I, I, what would you recommend over the counter? For example,
Nurse: You know, uh, if I'm being honest, I wouldn't even know where to begin to rec Exactly. There's so much. Yeah. And the last time your calcium was checked, um, just for the record, it was 1 17 to 21. It was 10.2. Um, and the normal range is 8.6 to 10.4. So you was at the higher end of normal. So that was good. That's
Patient: Really good then.
Nurse: So you're covering it apparently with your diet.
Patient: Yeah. Well, I do. I, I drink about half milk in my coffee, half milk cup, coffee and, and a lot of yogurt. And, um, unfortunately too much, uh, ice cream, which I attribute to gabapentin. But, um, but, yeah, no, that's good to know. Oh, [PHI-Personal], you've made my day. That is wonderful.
Nurse: Good. So, I mean, maybe you just have some muscular concerns going on in there. Yeah, you never know. But, yeah, I mean, yeah, I can't hurt for the bone density. I'll forward the message to him and let him know um what your concerns are and that you would like to get one.
Patient: I don't know how to thank you and thank you for, for sorting out my, my meds. That's, that is wonderful. They sure three of them really make all the difference in the world to me and uh I, I can't thank you enough. Truly. Well, you're
Nurse: Welcome. It's my [PHI-Personal]. So you don't even really necessarily have to thank me.
Patient: I certainly do because you've been lovely about it, both you and [PHI-Personal]. I mean, really? Yeah, I'm very blessed to be in his practice if I get to meet people like you. So thank you. Oh,
Nurse: Well, thank you. You're welcome. If you need anything further, you just let us know. I'm gonna forward the message along.
Patient: Thanks a million. Ok,
Nurse: Have a good day. Thanks. Bye bye.
