Nurse: I don't know what happened. So
Patient: I had to, I had to reset the network, I, to turn it off and turn it back on and it's ridiculous. It's been happening for days. I don't know what's going on with it. But,
Nurse: Oh, no. Well, I tried to call you back if I lose you again, I, I'll always call you back. Get this figured out.
Patient: Yeah, I, it, it's, it's my phone. I, I don't know what's going on with it. It's, it's old. I probably need a new one but the service they say is ok. So, I don't know. Hopefully shutting it off. It work. I don't know. But anyway, I found the, the thing it says HB or HEP B surface antigen hep B viral load. Quantitative. That, that's the new lab work. Quantitative, I guess.
Nurse: Yeah. So, I guess, let me ask you two things. Do they want you to number one come get blood work at our office?
Patient: That's what I do. Uh, as a matter of fact, I had an appointment for Tuesday but, uh, because of my issues with, with the ride, I had to cancel. So I have to reschedule but Yeah, I come to that office for blood work because I don't know where I have to go.
Nurse: No, that's fine. That's completely fine. But I want to make sure that I got you rescheduled for that appointment, um, to come in and then after that, did they want you to follow up with their office or were they wanting doctor Ward to follow up?
Patient: Well, all she said was all she said was to let him know that my potassium is, is low to let him know that that's all she said. I, I guess you're waiting to see what the results are to see whether or not I'm a carrier. I don't know because I could potentially be. Ok. Right.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, you could, um, I just don't have any notes really hard to see what I was even looking to see. I don't even have potassium levels. Um,
Patient: Yeah. Um, I, I, and being that neither are part of, um, PC, uh, that database nobody has in the information but neither one are, um, PC. So it wouldn't be there anyway. I, I just wonder why he wouldn't share that information with. Well, if I guess he doesn't have the. Mhm.
Nurse: Well, I can, but as the primary care provider I can get it and I'll request it. I like to go over that. But once that HEP B was reactive then they'll get, you're exactly right. And see if this is a recent infection which the good news is the body will sometimes clear this on its own. Mhm. And usually within, 04 to eight weeks. But we've seen it linger as long as three months. But one, some people can't rid the body of it and then they'll just be a carrier. And so that's what we're trying to figure out here and this will be able to tell us.
Patient: And it, it is possible way. It's no, there's no, absolutely no possible way. It could be sexual. Absolutely none. None. There's no way. So I know that much. At least unless it can stay dormant for, I don't know, it's been since [PHI-Personal] was my last, whatever you wanna call it everything. When I tell you when my life stopped at that point, it, it literally just stopped. So, yeah. So I know that, that, that couldn't be it, you know. Well, it could be, but it would have to have stayed dormant for all those years.
Nurse: Yeah. Well, and with that being said, it could, that is a possibility, but I, I just kept thinking about you when I lost you because I'm sure it was overwhelming and I'm sure it was upsetting. It's, you'll be ok. People live their entire life if they are care and we'll just monitor you and make sure tell you what symptoms to watch for and you will be. It is, it's different for sure. But the main thing we worry about with this with the virus is liver damage. And, yeah.
Patient: Well, what I, when I had issues with my gallbladder they did say it was fatty. I did have one of those liver tests where they squish you or you're, you know, you're, you're like, it's a he or something and it takes like, uh, I don't know, an hour or two hours and you got to stay still and it's, like, really claustrophobic. They did. Yeah. Uh In [PHI-Personal] I got sepsis from the hospital. So who knows what else they gave me? Yeah, they wouldn't let me leave. I'd stay there extra week and they weren't telling me everything. They just kept doing the, the blood test uh with, with the uh you know how they do. I, I'm, I'm out of words where they put it looking for the bacteria in those little, you know, things that they, they did for a week. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. The blood cultures. We were doing that for a week until it went away and then when I was asking about it, they were uh even my doctor who was aware of it. So what, what, what, what bacteria like, I like what, like, like they tried to sound like it never happened but it's in my, it's in my notes. I got my, my record and I went back to see all the diagnoses and that was one of them and I come in there with that. So,
Nurse: Yeah. Gosh. Ok. How long has that been?
Patient: That was May [PHI-Personal]. Ok. That was before I had my gallbladder removed. What was, which was [PHI-Personal] of [PHI-Personal]. Ok. When I lay down on my, which is scary. My right side. I, I don't know if it's my liver or not, but something's like uncomfortable there. You know what I mean? II, I let's hope it's not the liver because that
Nurse: Almost, almost like a, is it a perfect,
Patient: It's, it's, it's a uncomfortable pain. I, I'm thinking it's my intestine. So, but I don't know. But every time I turn on that, no, no, no. Left side. I'm sorry. Not right side. It's the left side. It, it's my left
Nurse: Side. Ok. And when did it start?
Patient: Um, this has been happening for a couple of years? I even mentioned it to Doctor [PHI-Personal]. Yeah, because as soon as I turn on my right side, it also triggers me to have to go to the bathroom sometimes.
Nurse: Ok. But it's like a
Patient: Ball or something. Like, like, I, it's just uncomfortable. It doesn't happen all the time. But I notice it, it's enough to notice. Hm.
Nurse: Well, when you say you have to go to the bathroom it makes me think kidney, you know, on that room. Not
Patient: That bathroom, not that kind.
Nurse: Oh, got you. Ok. Well, then they also would go back to the gallbladder.
Patient: Yeah. Which is gone now.
Nurse: So it's gone. So, yeah. Yeah. We notice when eating does that aggravate it or there's nothing that aggravated it. It just comes and goes on its own. Oh,
Patient: Yeah. That, I just noticed when I'm sleeping or, or I'm lying down. I don't notice that at all. I can put a piece of food in my mouth. Chew it. And my Crohn's will start right from there, like, within [PHI-Account] minutes I have to run to the bathroom. It just depends on the day. But I noticed if I lay on my left side, uh, and it, within a few minutes it'll trigger me have to go to the bathroom and, and that's Crohn's. Uh, I'm sure. So, maybe it is in pain. I, I don't know. Yeah. I mean, they look at my liver
Nurse: And then one
Patient: [PHI-Account], why wouldn't you do AAA hepatitis screening if you're going to look at the liver at all? I, I don't understand. That doesn't make sense to me. Mhm.
Nurse: I know. I don't have an answer either but I do as far why they wouldn't do that. But I do want to get you scheduled for this lab work because,
Patient: Yeah. Yeah, I know now that there's, I didn't, I didn't realize that. I, I'm thinking it's a, and it's no big deal and here it is. Yes. It's a very big deal. I wanna hear that. I don't, I'm not a carrier. That's what I wanna hear
Nurse: And we'll go over that together when we get those. Let's look and see how, I mean, do you wanna come in as early as tomorrow?
Patient: Yeah. Oh my gosh. Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. Do you want a morning or an afternoon, appointment?
Patient: Afternoon? Probably be better. I have to get myself together.
Nurse: Ok, because we have a 2 [PHI-Account].
Patient: Ok. They're not, they're not gonna look at me differently or anything. Are they?
Nurse: No [PHI-Personal]? I promise you. I don't want you to worry about that. This is not anything that you chose. It's not as uncommon as you're afraid that it is. It, it's ok. This is what we do. We help people that need full attention. That's it. And once we figure out what's going on, then we'll come up with our plan B and kinda map out what it's gonna look like. Nobody's gonna think anything about it
Patient: Other than the, um, a potential partner, which I haven't met him yet, who knows where he is? Who knows if I'll ever meet him. Other than that type of disclosure, I don't need to disclose it, do I?
Nurse: No, no, you don't. But the, that there is a vaccine available. And so,
Patient: Yeah.
Nurse: Mhm. If you get a part and you disclose it, then he can be vaccinated and then you won't have to worry about it.
Patient: Can I get him vaccinated? Can I get vaccinated?
Nurse: Well, it'll depend on if you're a carrier or not. Once in that case, it'll be a lifelong thing. And the vaccine really won't do anything for you. Now, if the body is trying to rid itself and it, and those antigens look good, like it's, it's on its way of caring. Then that's a different conversation.
Patient: She said it looked like that. You, she said all it does. She said all it is is, it looks like you had it at some point in your life. That's all it is. She said, and that's all. So, I'm like, oh, ok. You know, I didn't, you know, and she was like, ly, you know, like, uh, vegetables or maybe she didn't know and maybe it was the weekend because she was happy or maybe she didn't want me to worry. I don't know. But she seemed sincere. So I'm like, oh, ok. Yeah. But, yeah,
Nurse: I don't want you to work either. I'm with her. That's easy for us to say. But it's gonna be ok and I'm making it right now. So you'll come in at 2 [PHI-Account] tomorrow, which is Friday. So I'll start checking your chart on Monday for results and I don't think they'll be there that quickly. Usually it can take up to a week, but soon as we get them, then I'll give you a call and we'll go over them together.
Patient: Yeah, because I, I think I need these in order to go back to the G I, to, to discuss the, that I'm not even interested in at this point. But I guess I'll cross that [PHI-Personal] when I come to it. I, I just think they might be pushing me into [PHI-Personal], you know, big Pharma biologics, the doctors, they have those deals with, you know, uh, I mean, I'm not a, I'm not one of those people but I know how big Pharma work they just wanna push the, you know, push that and I'm not gonna accept that if I don't want it. Do you know what I mean?
Nurse: I know exactly what you mean and I appreciate that they wanna do your research and know what you're taking or putting into your body.
Patient: I took Remicade, Remicade before and I would be much more comfortable doing that again, but I don't get along very well with those people at the G I place. I just started going and it, I don't know, it's just kind of scary. It, they're really cold and stiff and I'm not like that. I'm a bubbly, you know, optimistic person and that they're like, not like Doctor [PHI-Personal] or like, you even doctor, you know, uh, Doctor Ward, you know, uh, uh, they're not like that at all. It's difficult for me to, you know, uh, I don't know. So, I don't know if they're gonna, yeah. So, uh, if anything I'll choose Remicade because I know that, that worked for me before. Although it stopped working doesn't mean it won't work for me this time, you know?
Nurse: Mhm. That's right. That's exactly right. And, and you're entitled to that, it's, it's your body and you do what you're comfortable
Patient: With. And then, uh, the payment
Nurse: [PHI-Personal] when we get
Patient: There, I just need to say one more thing I was discussing like, well, I have no idea how I would before [PHI-Personal]. He said, well, that's not my problem. I'm like, oh my,
Nurse: Oh my.
Patient: Oh my God. Yeah, we don't get into that. I'm like, ok, you know, so if you're telling me I have to contact these people and, you know, I, I like, so I'm like, just really don't have a good impression of that practice at all. I wouldn't let him do a rectal because nobody does that. But Doctor [PHI-Personal], because of my, you know, I have a lot of, I've had a lot of, uh, uh, fistulas and a lot of drainages and stuff. You have to be very careful. I'm not gonna let a g, I just hurt me, you know. Yeah, nobody can do anything like that. You know. They have that. They have, you know, he's the surgeon and doctor, you know. Yeah. I've seen it for so many years. It's crazy. But Doctor [PHI-Personal] is not like that, but I've seen it with other doctors. I don't know. We should just be happy and work together.
Nurse: That's exactly right. I will tell you this too. If you want to consider that [PHI-Personal] though. If it's strictly finance, let me know because I can through their me try to get some financial assistance.
Patient: We would, it would definitely, definitely be. I am on a very limited income and uh the medicine that I pay out of my pocket for um is well over $100 a month. You know what I mean? And I office copay and what I get, uh what I have to pay out of my pocket is crazy. I can't pay half those bills are going to collection. So there's no way I'll be able to pay a, uh, a crazy copay for [PHI-Personal], which I'm not comfortable with either. At this point. I'm on any
Nurse: Of your medication. If you needing them, let me know.
Patient: I, I will, I want a Crohn's, uh, um, group, you know, everybody who has Crohn's and nobody is, uh, e ecstatic about [PHI-Personal]. Nobody likes it. That's the feedback I'm getting from people who've tried it and stuff. But I'll have to see, I just have to have to take it one step at a time and we just gotta deal with this first.
Nurse: That's exactly right. And we will, we
Patient: Will
Nurse: Just do me a favor. Yeah. Over the weekend just only look at the CDC website because I think we can kinda go down that dark hole and what my sister said, CDC. I'm fine with the others. Not so much. So, if you're gonna look online just do that and know that it's gonna be ok.
Patient: That's exactly what she said. Don't look because I'm just looking, uh, I'm just looking at Google and I'm like, oh my God. And she even sent me for the articles from the CDC. She just look there. Don't look anywhere else. That, that's exactly right. And I, yeah, trust them. So. Ok, so I'm just gonna hope that I'm not one of those people and go from there. Although I'm gonna be very upset if I am. I just can't have that. I'm going to be, that's just me. I'm sure it would be anybody but I'm, I'm ok to be said
Nurse: That's normal. Mhm. But this doesn't mean let's, it's not a terminal diagnosis. So I want you to know that even if you are and, but we'll cross that [PHI-Personal] when we get there.
Patient: I have enough of those anyway.
Nurse: That's right.
Patient: Oh, and the, the, the potassium, uh that's an issue. He said to say something to the doctor. I do have potassium. I got over the counter. Um, I don't know. Should I start taking those supplement?
Nurse: Not yet. Let me see, let me get those records and see what they are and see exactly where the levels are. And then, um, you know,
Patient: And it's chronic actually, if it's not my potassium, it's my magnesium. And my mother was like that with her potassium like until like last 10 or five years of her life. But I must get that from her. But I don't eat a lot either. So, maybe that's why, I don't know. Did she order the labs? What's that?
Nurse: Did g, I order those labs?
Patient: Yes. Uh huh. Because, uh, they need, they're trying to get me ready for the [PHI-Personal] and I can't have, I can't get that if I have that. I guess they're trying to, I don't know what they're trying to do. They didn't say she just said, well, you got to go back to that so they're not giving me much information. Hm why
Nurse: I just wanted to it gives me an idea where to look them so I can get those results.
Patient: Ok so yeah I will order 2 [PHI-Account]. Yes I will thank you for doing that for me I
Nurse: Appreciate it. No problem. No we'll tomorrow. Ok.
Patient: Ok keep your
Nurse: I will I sure will.
Patient: Alright thank you so much for calling me back and stuff. Alrighty bye bye
Nurse: Bye.
