Nurse: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal] nurse care manager. How may I help you?
Patient: Hey, [PHI-Personal], it's [PHI-Personal]. How are you doing? I'm doing pretty good. How about yourself? I'm doing ok. Um, I hope you're getting ready for a long weekend. I am. Oh, good. Hey, I just got a letter from [PHI-Geographic] saying that she has been unable to reach me. So I was wondering, how are you trying to contact me because I haven't gotten any messages. Nothing. I've got nothing on my caller ID. I mean, so I don't know how, you know who she's calling.
Nurse: Yeah, I think that was from the, on the [PHI-Personal]. It looks like she called out at eight o'clock in the morning on the [PHI-Personal]. I
Patient: Didn't get anything. I mean, like nobody left a message. I didn't, you know, because I always look at the caller id and it's actually, I've got it registered in my phone. So your name comes up? So, I've got nothing. So I think she dialed the wrong number or she's trying to dial my cell phone and my cell phone is never charged. So I don't use it that, that much. Only in emergencies. So, but I even looked at it and there's no numbers. Nothing. So, I don't know that. But anyway, the reason why I'm calling you, I'm hoping you can maybe hopefully get it done before you go on vacation. A, a long weekend. I just went by Walgreens and they're, uh, they're a bear to get them to do anything. And I was supposed to be on automatic refill, I mean, automatic, um, refills for my prescriptions. But again, um, they screwed up and it wasn't. So it's the Ozempic, again, the 2% is what I'm on. And the lady told me, uh, well, you don't have any more prescriptions. I said, well, did you send it over to the doctor? Uh Well, no, and I'm like, I swear these people are just impossible to deal with. And so she said she put it on automatic refill now. I mean, so that they would send it over to you guys, but she said she sent it, did you get it? And is there a way that you can get through to them? Because what happens is that they're always saying it's on back order and I used my last dose today. So, um I don't wanna run out and I don't wanna deal with them, you know, telling me it's on back order and everything. So if I can get it in quicker the fast, you know, the then I can um, hopefully get it before I'm due again. It looks like
Nurse: They, I can't tell who sent it but there is a refill not in for today.
Patient: Ok. So did you guys do what you need to do?
Nurse: Let me see. Let me look at your medications. Hold on wanna see
Patient: And I'm glad I got you too but [PHI-Geographic], there's something else I wanna ask you. Is it pertaining to this letter that I got when I wanted to get this Ozempic thing first?
Nurse: No, I'm not understanding why. I guess we're in [PHI-Personal]. I guess that would have been the reason fo ok, because we're going into [PHI-Account] to [PHI-Account]. So that was for three months.
Patient: Ok. Right. Right. All right. I'll, I
Nurse: Would just take care [PHI-Geographic] that and send it in to doctor for you.
Patient: Ok. So do you think he'll, is he there today? I mean, is he, I mean, well, be, well, I guess I'm asking, do you think it'll be, um, sent over to Walgreens today by chance?
Nurse: I see what you're saying with the holiday being in the middle [PHI-Geographic] the week and all the other stuff just so it doesn't get delayed. Right. Yeah, at this time right now I'm not sure if he's still in there, but usually he looks over all his stuff. He's really good.
Patient: He really is. Yeah, maybe you could maybe, um, do something over and above to make sure he sees it.
Nurse: I'm gonna send it to him directly. Oh
Patient: You are.
Nurse: Yeah I'm gonna take your medication the Ozempic the two mg dose and I'm gonna send it to him and let him know that you need a refill and where you want it to be refilled at. Ok. Ok. Yeah I'll
Patient: Send it directly to him. Ok. And the other thing I wanted to talk to you there there's this um my insurance actually approved um a device for my mouth uh for the sleep apnea. And [PHI-Geographic] actually sent over the actual sleep study to the lady that I need it sent to um her name is [PHI-Personal] and it's sleeps, sleep better is the name [PHI-Geographic] the, the place. Um, but I think they're she needs to talk to, to either you or [PHI-Geographic] something to do with the initial um chart note like when doctor um uh I'm sorry. Oh my God. O actually um put in for me to do the sleep study. Um the original note um she's gonna need, but she wants to talk to you guys. So if you could give her a call at some point, I'd appreciate it.
Nurse: Ok. And what, what would
Patient: Her name is? And she would sleep better and let me see here. I got a phone number here. Hang on, I just was in there. They measured my mouth and all that good stuff with this device. Ok. Ok. I got the office number but I wanna give you her direct number? Ok. It's [PHI-Account], [PHI-Account].
Nurse: And what's the name [PHI-Geographic] the office that they're at?
Patient: It's ca, well, it's the one that, uh, doctor, uh, referred me to West [PHI-Geographic], um, dentistry. Um, but there's a, in the same office, I mean, it's in the same lobby. Ok. There's an offset and it's called Sleep Better and that's the phone number directly to [PHI-Personal] and she's the one that gets the authorizations and all that stuff done. Ok. But it's the same office as West [PHI-Geographic] that he referred me to and I love these people by the way. Oh, really? He, he, I mean, oh, my looking for a dentist for forever and I couldn't find one that, um, that I liked or it was, um, they spoke Spanish, everybody spoke Spanish and I couldn't understand them. So I've been looking and looking and looking. Well, I go there for this device that he wanted me to, um, get and they also accept my dental insurance, my, um, through my, uh, health insurance, I have dental plan and I'm telling you what they are, the nicest people in there. Everybody is so nice. The front office, everybody, the hygienist, everybody is so nice. So I thank him so much for referring me there. Ok, good. So
Nurse: With speaking with this person, you said she does, I guess, can you just tell me the story one more time? I just want to make sure that she does
Patient: For the sleep apnea the device, she gets the insurance approval and she's done that. Um and that's what [PHI-Geographic] did she sent over the actual sleep study and she was able to submit it to my insurance and they are gonna pay for it 100%. Um which shocked the heck out [PHI-Geographic] me. Um but that's what she does. She does, she deals with the insurance um portion [PHI-Geographic] it and then there's a actually
Nurse: Do the sleep study or you need the,
Patient: No, I already had the sleep study done. I just needed a copy [PHI-Geographic] the report and [PHI-Geographic] was able to do that. She sent it over to [PHI-Personal]. [PHI-Personal] sent it to my insurance company and they've already approved it. But there's one other thing she needs that and she said just have your doctor's office, call me directly. Ok. So if you can call over there, she'll let you know what she needs and she's real nice. Uh You know, so if you can do that for me and I already got the lidocaine patches and, but God, they are helping tremendously good.
Nurse: I'm glad.
Patient: And then also the um um she's, I guess they're sending me to a, a specialist for the sleep apnea. He wants me to make an appointment in this letter. It says I'm assuming that's what it means because she, it, what it says in the letter I got from you guys is a doctor. [PHI-Personal]. I can't pronounce the middle name but [PHI-Personal] to get an appointment but she didn't give me a phone number for this person.
Nurse: Hm. Well, let me see here
Patient: That's the letter that was sent here the [PHI-Personal]. Mhm. Oh, ok,
Nurse: Let me see here [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal].
Patient: It's it's two names. It's [PHI-Personal] dash. [PHI-Personal] ne WTO N
Nurse: Go back in here and see if I see it in your chart. Hold on. I'm just looking at,
Patient: Ok, it's no problem. When is doctor [PHI-Personal] gonna be back in the office? Because it says he's gonna be out [PHI-Geographic] town also.
Nurse: Oh, I thought he just came back.
Patient: Well, he might have, this is again that in the letter so, um, that uh doctor will be out [PHI-Geographic] the office for a while. So,
Nurse: Hm, when is that, what is that dated?
Patient: June [PHI-Personal]? It's the same letter. She, she's talking about this, what I just talked to you about about the sleep study with this doctor [PHI-Personal] lady and then she had in there about the Lanacane Patches and then she's got, um, uh, I needed him to fill out something for me and, um, she was, and that's where she's saying that he's gonna be out [PHI-Geographic] the office. I, I was thinking maybe just over the [PHI-Personal] but, uh, I don't know people are taking trips. Um, the dentist is actually going to [PHI-Geographic]. I wish man, I gotta get my health in order so that I can go to these places. I just like to take a cruise. Let me take a cruise or go someplace cold cooler. This heat is about to kill me. I go out, I'm not kidding you. I, I go out and I can't wait to get back in uh, to my house to just get some air. I mean, the car is hot. Every place I go is hot. I pet sit and I got the cutest little ni she is just all over me. What you want, what you want, what do you want?
Nurse: So the application that you were needing filled out is for the handicap. Yes application. Mhm.
Patient: Basically all I need is for him to sign it is all I need. It's not no big hurry or anything like that because I, I've got an actual license plate that's got the handicap symbol on it and I renewed my tag. So it's no big deal. But I use, I have a place card that I can hang in a car if I'm not with somebody. I mean, if I'm with somebody, I use the handicap um [PHI-Personal] place card, whatever they call that thing,
Nurse: Right? So they're ok, you're ok in another person's car. I see.
Patient: Yeah, but they're still gonna need that, that sign, you know, and she's referring me to pain management and I wish I had known that because I just saw the pain management doctor yesterday and I got the letter today. Hm. So if she had left me a message, I would have known that.
Nurse: Yeah, I'm just trying to follow because she filled in for me. So I was just trying to follow this. Um, [PHI-Personal], you're saying you don't know who that person is, the doctor. I
Patient: Have no idea who it is. Ok.
Nurse: Let me send her a message and ask her because I'm gonna have to go through here and figure this out.
Patient: Oh, ok. What you want
Nurse: To? Well, no, I just, my schedule changed to where I have, um, you know, kind [PHI-Geographic] like an extra day off during the week. So I don't have to work on Wednesdays, but I still have the weekend off. So I just, you know, yeah, it gives me a little bit more time to decompress and spend time with my family.
Patient: Yeah, that is, I'm so glad to hear that. I mean, really, I wish more people, I mean, companies would, you know, do that. I wish people, you know, people have varying schedule and, and some people like days, some people like nights but this 9 to 5 or 8 to 5 crap is for the birds. Why not let people work at their own, you know, schedule, you know, there's so many different ways that they could have people work but giving you a day off in the middle [PHI-Geographic] the week and having someone fill in or even work after hours, work different, you know, instead [PHI-Geographic] coming in at eight or nine o'clock, come in at, you know, 10 or 11 and work longer hours. And, you know, I just, I don't know, there's, there's so many things because that's where all the road, you know, all the congestion on the road, the traffic and everything because everybody's working the same schedule. You know what I mean? So. Mhm. You know, there's ways that we're just stuck in one way. Very much.
Nurse: So. Yeah, I know. And then it's hard because that's what you were kind [PHI-Geographic] trained to do, even though you, if you didn't want to do it anyway, that's what everybody else is doing. So, you just think that that's the norm and that's what we got to do. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah. So, I mean, I'm the one I am not a morning person. I have never been a morning person and so it, I don't get my gears going until I get, I'm at work for two or three hours before I start gearing up to for the day. It's like I'm moving a slow motion but then I'd be coming in at 10 30 or 11. I'd be full, you know, full flu, you know. So, I don't know, because I was a, um, I worked for Hospice and I was a counselor so a lot [PHI-Geographic] people worked, you know, those hours. So they wanted people like a counselor to come later in the day they, when they get home from work, they didn't wanna take off from work, you know, to have counseling. So, you know, I would adjust my, I could adjust my schedule, but I just didn't tell my boss I did it because I was never in an office. I was from house to house. So I just start my day a little later and, and accommodated the people. I'm like, man, you guys are crazy and I never made an appointment like at 89 o'clock when the traffic was out there. Oh, no, no, not that much going on. Oh, no, I always wait until after I make my first appointment like 10 30 something like that. And then I go from that point, but I could do notes or I there was a lot [PHI-Geographic] things I could do, make phone calls, whatever to schedule appointments. So I do that in the morning and, and, you know, actually do visits and later in the day. But, and I always wondered why are people doing this? I mean, why are they? I mean, even Bank [PHI-Geographic] America, my sister works there and they let for a long time, they were saying come in at, you know, 10 30 or 10, 10 30 you know, work till seven. So, and that's what she did for a long time. So, but now she's, you know, a lot [PHI-Geographic] days she's working from home. Now because [PHI-Geographic] the COVID and all that. So, I think she only goes in the office like, 12 days a week now.
Nurse: Mhm. Well, that's good. Ok. I found this [PHI-Personal]. Is this the right one? Is this? Ok. I'm just trying to get a better understanding. Is it the dentist office and the sleep apnea
Patient: Place? I don't know. I honestly don't know. There is a woman in the office that this gel works in. There's another woman that's always in that office with her. Now, I don't know if she supports staff or who she is. She might be this doctor for all I know. Um But there's another woman, I mean, it's only a small little office but I see two other women that are in there with this gel. Um So like I said, I don't know if she's a, she's the doctor or if this is somebody like a sleep specialist, you know how they have people that actually will order the sleep study and do all that stuff that specializes in sleep apnea. So I don't know who this person is. You might wanna contact [PHI-Geographic] and just get a better understanding because I may be asking for a phone number and it might be this woman that's in this office,
Nurse: Right? I see what you're saying. I will, I'm gonna make a note and follow up on it and everything for you and then um can I get back with you on Monday for that.
Patient: Oh sure, sure. Or if you, I thought you were gonna be off on Monday.
Nurse: Uh, I think I'm just off on Tuesday. Oh, ok.
Patient: Oh, ok. Oh, ok. Yeah. Yeah, you can call me back whenever and then
Nurse: That way I can follow up on the medicine too.
Patient: Ok, super, super. I was thinking everybody was gonna be off Monday and Tuesday. See if I was your supervisor, I would tell you take off Monday and Tuesday.
Nurse: I
Patient: I'd be a really good Wednesday. I'd be a super good boss. [PHI-Personal] probably wouldn't like me, but I'd be a super boss.
Nurse: Well, I appreciate you and I hope that you have a good safe weekend. Ok,
Patient: I will and the same with you enjoy your holiday when it comes Tuesday. Ok. You take care. Thank you. Thanks Adrian. Ok, bye bye.
