Nurse: Good morning. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hey, good looking. You missed me.
Nurse: Yes, I did. How's it going?
Patient: I've been busy. Well, that's
Nurse: Nothing. II, I
Patient: Was, I was, I was out of town all weekend from Friday to last night.
Nurse: Oh, goodness you have.
Patient: Down, yeah, down the P A, uh, down below it was, it was, uh, I was cooking actually for two churches that get congregations that got together to have this big picnic.
Nurse: Oh, awesome. Good deal.
Patient: This is my, this is my fourth [PHI-Personal]. I've done that for him.
Nurse: Oh, awesome. That's always, and then,
Patient: And then, then, uh, I, at the auction today and then, uh, Tuesday, Wednesday. I'll be up at my
Nurse: Goodness. Yeah,
Patient: Doing the 1200 hot dogs for
Nurse: Smoking them. Goodness gracious. You are busy. I'm
Patient: Busy. I am busy. I didn't get to you but I'm, I'm playing catch up over here at the auction this morning because I wasn't here to work on for all weekend on it.
Nurse: No, no, no, that's ok. Not a problem. I, it, whenever, not a, not a huge deal, didn't want anything special. Just wanted to, you know, check in, make sure you were doing ok and, and feeling ok.
Patient: Oh, yeah. Yeah. Good. I'm feeling ok. I'm just, you know, this is not my first rodeo. So, you know,
Nurse: Just plugging away.
Patient: I just plug away. But let me tell you one thing, it poured the rain yesterday about 11 o'clock until about 3 38. 0, I bet they got three or four inches down there.
Nurse: Wow.
Patient: Man, they had, they had flash blood warnings down there and everything all night.
Nurse: Oh, goodness. You know, it never can, it never can come, you know, just in, you know, over time it seems like it's all gonna come all at once to cause those, you know, those flash flood warnings. It seems like, I don't know what the deal is. Why can't it just be a, you know, uh, a little bit here one day and then a little bit here the next day, you know, just kind of even it out. So we don't have any of that flooding. I,
Patient: I even thought that since I was, uh, working for the church, things would be easier here. No, we got dumped on.
Nurse: Oh, goodness. Oh, man. That's always the worst when you get dumped on. And, I don't know. I tell you. Yeah. But
Patient: We, we prepared for it. I had up and we got all the food cooked. I cooked most of that, uh, on Saturday. But I had hot dogs and hamburgers and, uh, well, oh, and chicken to do on Sunday morning. So,
Nurse: Not so good than
Patient: That. I got no more news to tell.
Nurse: No more news. Huh? Well, shoot, um, how have blood sugars been? And blood pressures? Have you had, um, had a
Patient: Change? I, I monitored, uh, my, uh, BP and it's ok. You know, it's not running high nor low. So, you know, I just kind of watch what I eat and good, good. Go from there And, uh, my sugar and I, I don't poke myself. So. Ok. Uh, I just have to go by what my blood work says, you know, at this point. Yeah. Which was good the last time.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, it was back in, back in [PHI-Personal] when you were to the doctors. It was, it was good. Yeah. Absolutely. Um, no, no troubles with any change in vision or anything either. No. Huh? Ok. Ok. Um, and [PHI-Personal], do you go yearly for an eye exam?
Patient: Do they have? No, I know I'm supposed to but it's just fun and time and I'm, I'm the guilty party of that one.
Nurse: Well, and that's, I, I understand you, you do have, you know, definitely a busy, busy schedule. So, I, it is hard to try to fit that in. Um, but how long ago would you say your last eye exam was [PHI-Personal]?
Patient: [PHI-Personal] years, at
Nurse: Least, at least. Ok. Ok. And, you know, as far as like, if you were to ever have any, um, blurry vision or start seeing like, darker empty areas that, um, you would probably want to, you know, make sure to get an appointment as soon as possible, just. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Ok. Ok. Do you have, um, prescription glasses or do you,
Patient: Do you? Yeah, their prescription, the prescription, they're, uh, the, about the bifocals. What's the other one?
Nurse: Uh, the, oh, gosh. Uh, there you go. Yeah, those progressive lenses. Yeah. Ok. Ok. Yeah, absolutely. So, it is. Definitely. And they're
Patient: Made for distance, they're made for distance. They're not made for up close
Nurse: Distance. Ok. Is, is that more? So what you've had trouble with in the past as far as, like, you know, to have those progressive lenses? I, I,
Patient: Uh, oh, I know as a kid I couldn't see far off. So I've been, like, was that far sighted or near sighted?
Nurse: Um, I believe that would be, I always get these two confused. Uh, I do too. I wanna say,
Patient: Like I said, I need them for distance because, uh, when I get about newspaper lien, I, if I'm gonna do any reading a lot of reading then I gotta take my glasses off.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. Yeah, definitely. Um, it, I mean, and it's good that you've not had any troubles with your vision at all, you know, and the, the, um, since you've had your last eye exam, um, you know, and, and I understand everybody gets really, you know, really busy and it's hard to get those, those um you know, eye exams in and stuff. So I, you know, when you get a chance, if you could, you know, get one, get one scheduled just to make sure that you're still doing ok, we don't want you to, you know, with you be having the diabetes, we don't want you to get the diabetic retinopathy. Um you know, so, and that can cause, you know, further issues if it's left untreated for long periods of time. So we definitely, um you know, a lot of times I know with diabetics, they usually recommend having an eye exam. Mostly it's every [PHI-Personal]. Some people depending on how their diabetes is, sometimes the, the eye doctors will do like every two years. Um but it just kind of depends there again on how you're doing and, and how the eye doctor feels too. Uh um but that would, you know, that would be the only thing that I would, I would suggest and like I said, I completely understand, you know, trying to find time is, is the worst portion of it, you know, trying to fit it into your schedule. Um and you're, you definitely have a very busy schedule for sure. So I know how that goes for sure. But um yeah, just kind of keeping, keeping, continue to keep an eye on your, on your eyes and how you're doing. And um of course, I will continue to, you know, follow up with you monthly and um what do you think for next month? Are you pretty you got anything just
Patient: Just call me on the Monday morning because I'm always here on a Monday. Ok,
Nurse: Perfect I can do that. I will let's see let me just give you maybe kind of an idea of what I'm thinking. Um how about the [PHI-Personal] of [PHI-Personal]? It's a Monday.
Patient: That sounds right.
Nurse: Ok, that sounds good to me as well. Do you have any questions or concerns for me on any?
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: Alrighty. Well, I won't keep you long. Just wanted to touch base with you and you have a good rest of your month. Ok.
Patient: Thanks
Nurse: Sandy. Bye bye bye bye.
