Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Yes, definitely. This is [PHI-Personal]. I'm returning your phone call.
Nurse: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. Uh give me just one second. I'm just pulling up your chart here. Uh ok. And then all right. So I was just calling mostly to introduce myself. Um, like I said, my name is [PHI-Personal]. Um I'll be your care management nurse moving forward. So I'll be working with Doctor [PHI-Personal] um, to just kind of help you with your, you know, anything health related, um I can help you with refills if you need refills. Um, and you know, if you have any questions, if you're sick, you know, not feeling well, have some questions about your symptoms, things like that are all things that I can help you with. Um, and I'll just be checking in with you once a month. Um, just going over anything you have questions about if you have a, you know, a doctor's appointment. I know for me sometimes I, I go in my appointments and I think I ask everything I want to and then I get out of there and I'm like, oh, I forgot to ask about this or, you know. Um, so sometimes I'll get home and I'll be thinking about something my doctor said and I'll be like, and I have questions, I didn't maybe realize at the time. So, um, all things like that are things that, um, I can help you with moving forward. Um, and I'll send you a letter out tomorrow, um, with my phone number on it and the phone number that's on there is a direct contact. So, um, you can save it in your cell phone or anything and it'll come directly to me. Ok. Um, and then, um, do you have just a minute to go over your medications with me? Um, it looks like you're just on a few but I just wanna verify that what I have in my in here is correct. Ok. All righty. So are you still using the rosuvastatin five mg?
Patient: Um, is that for cholesterol? Yes.
Nurse: Yeah. Ok. And still using the Baclofen 10 mg? Yeah. Ok. And it looks like there's an injection. The Cyan Ocor. Yes, that is a mouthful. That one if you try to, if you try to say the, the thing say B
Patient: [PHI-Account].
Nurse: Ok. So you're still using that and you do you bring it in the office and they give it to you? Yeah. Ok, perfect. And then are you still using Lisinopril 10 mg? Yeah,
Patient: I wanted to ask you a question about that. Um, so do I have to keep coming into the office to get it
Nurse: For the B [PHI-Account].
Patient: Yeah. Um,
Nurse: Are you saying a, as opposed to you just giving it yourself? Like, are you able to just give it yourself?
Patient: Yeah. I, I have asked [PHI-Personal] before but she said no because they want to monitor the, like, blood checks and stuff. But they really, I don't know, they really don't. And it's $5 every time I come in there for that, which I was told that they're not supposed to be charging me the $5 for a nurse visit, but they are
Nurse: Ok. Um, yeah, I'm not sure about that as far as giving it yourself, unless there's other reasons specifically that she wants you to come in to have it every month. Did she say how long you would have to do it or?
Patient: Oh, I, um, I have MS so ok. Always low. I have. Ok. And it's really, it's really low right now cause I haven't been getting them. So, um, my neurologist told me that I need to start taking them once a month if not more, depending on what my results are. But she told me they were really low.
Nurse: Yeah. So, and then especially if you're gonna have to be coming more than once a month. It would definitely be nice if you could just, uh, so are your, your, where do they give them to you at? I guess what we,
Patient: Normally they give them to me in my upper arm. Deltoid. I guess.
Nurse: Ok. So do you have someone at home that could give you the injection? Yeah. Ok. Um, well, I can send a message to [PHI-Personal] and ask her if, you know, I can, I can mention it to her again if you want and just say just let her know that you're interested in, um, getting the shot at giving yourself the injections at home. Um, but then they would just be the matter of getting you the supplies, like the syringes and the needles and, um, that stuff. So, I don't know,
Patient: I don't know if that would work. Like, I mean, I could still, I still could come in there for the blood checks and stuff, but, I mean, it's not like a $5 is a lot but sometimes it's hard for me to get there first of all. Like, if I'm not feeling good and I don't, I don't move around very well.
Nurse: Ok. Um, yeah, that's the only thing that I'm not sure of is like with your, how it work with your insurance with, like them, like, if they would cover the supplies for you to do it at home, they, um, that might, that's what I was just getting ready to say. I don't know that they would because in their mind they're probably gonna say that it's gonna outweigh the cost of what it would cost for you to go into the office. But I'm not sure. So, if you want I can send a message to [PHI-Personal] and ask her just so that way you have the information. So if you do wanna call your insurance company and see how they would go about that, then at least you know, like that they, that's something that she would or wouldn't allow you to do. Ok. So I'll send her a message. Um, and then whenever she gets back with me, um I'll reach out to you when I do reach out. Are you ok with me leaving that information on a voicemail? If you're not able to answer like if I tell you, hey, she's she's ok with you going ahead and doing that just yeah, that's ok. Ok, I'll leave that on your voice mail and if that way if you're not able to get to the phone, it's no big deal. And then um moving forward. Are you, do you want me to call monthly or is that something you would want for me to check in with you every month and see how things are going. You can if I
Patient: Mean if that's
Nurse: Yeah, that's, that's what we do for most of our patients is monthly but some patients are like no, I, you know, I don't need it every month. If you can, you just call me every three or you know, whatever then. So it's totally your preference, whatever you would prefer we can do,
Patient: It's monthly is ok and while I have you on the phone, I question um my uh fiance's mom comes into you guys and I know you guys have been trying to get a hold of her too to set this up and I just have some questions like, are you, would you be able to help them find? I don't know, like resources for his mom as far as like, I don't know. What am I trying to say, [PHI-Personal]? Like,
Nurse: Like home health services?
Patient: Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah, we can definitely help with that. Is she, does she need home health? Like a home health nurse,
Patient: Not nea well, not necessarily maybe a home health nurse but like she has problems like remembering to take her medicine like that kind of stuff as far as, I don't know and like to get her in a
Nurse: Place where,
Patient: You know, he could be checked on or something that's [PHI-Personal] because, because right now where she is it's $900 a month and that does not give her, she only makes 1100
Nurse: A month. Oh, ok. Um yes. Um hold on one second. So yeah, there's different resources out there and that is something that, you know, we can help with. Um, it just would depend on like different things like what her insurance and, and stuff like that. But yeah, if she, if she qualifies for the um care management services then that's something that her nurse could definitely.
Patient: Ok. Per week.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. So I'm gonna, I'm just trying to send her a message about your B [PHI-Account] injections. Ok. Um so then yeah when she gets back with me I will reach out to you. Do you prefer mornings or afternoons when I call you
Patient: Uh morning?
Nurse: Ok, I'm just gonna stick a note in here so that way next time I go to call you I know. All right so I have everything in here that I need. Um is there any other questions or concerns that you have for me right now? Nope. Ok. Alrighty. Well, as soon as I hear back from Erin I'll reach out and let you know what she says. Ok. Ok, thank you. All right, you're welcome. Have a good day, Wendy. You too. Bye.
