Nurse: And [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hello.
Nurse: How
Patient: Are you doing? Oh, terrible tired. Uh,
Nurse: Oh, what's the matter?
Patient: I just got off the phone for an hour, over an hour to, um, fill out my, um, um, [PHI-Personal] or whatever it is from [PHI-Personal] to fill out my application that I have to do every year. Ok. Je, on, they wanted to know everything and everything and that I need to know that they wanted to know. Right. Yeah. Good Lord. So, now I got to send out this, uh, these documents over to somebody. Mhm. For, um, my life insurance. Social Security, um, like benefits, uh, paper that says I'm, I'm disabled and all this. Ok.
Nurse: Yeah. So, is it? No, I guess you said that's yearly. I didn't know if it had anything to do with your veteran stuff.
Patient: No, it doesn't. But I got that si situation now finally.
Nurse: Ok. And,
Patient: And, uh, didn't, um, something was encompassed up at [PHI-Personal]. They didn't, uh, they didn't, um, no, they were supposed to send the bill or they were, they, so they sent it to the veterans and sending a bill to my, um, to my insurance, whatever they didn't do. So I got a, I got a, uh, I'm getting a check for $1600 and then I have to put 100 and $[PHI-Account] $170 to it, to pay, to pay the bill. Ok. Which I don't, you know, I don't know why I have to pay. Of course, they were giving me $1600 they were gonna take $240 out of my, uh, social security money till it was paid if I didn't pay the money. Mm.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah. So is it just a one time 1600 or you gonna be getting?
Patient: No, no, it's a one, it's a one time thing that they, um, that they allow
Nurse: So they haven't said anything about you getting a monthly check from va
Patient: Not yet. No, there's the, the last order that I got, they were still working on my, uh, paperwork and stuff.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, they move very slow.
Patient: Yeah, that's what I figured. Yeah, I'm not, I'm not, if I get anything for Christmas I'll be surprised. Yeah, I will. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah, no doubt. Um, about your brace. So has physical therapy, not written up anything yet. Let me tell you what, let me tell you what has to happen. Doctor Ivey needs the physical therapist to write, write what she is wanting, what kind of brace it is called, you know, they know what to put in there. It's pretty much writing up a request for it to be signed from the physician.
Patient: Ok. I told him that but they said they said no, no, no, the doctor has to doctor has to write all that stuff up.
Nurse: No, the physical therapist has to write it and send it to the doctor along cause they send reports every time you go, a report gets sent to them in that report. That is where they need to write in there. They, they need an order for your brace, what it is called and how it's gonna be worn.
Patient: Ok. Yeah, they wanted, they wanted me to get my um my toes are, my toes are dragging
Nurse: Right from your drop foot.
Patient: Yeah. From my drop foot and they want the, the toes to be up so that uh I don't um because see the whole room over there is carpet. Mhm. And I, I've got here in my uh trailer, I got carpet in the living room and I have carpet in the bedroom and they're afraid I'm gonna fall and hurt myself. Right? OK. I'll tell him next week when I go, I think I go Monday, Monday and I'll, I'll tell him again.
Nurse: All right. Have you gone to the eye doctor yet?
Patient: No, I go um Thursday or something. I got to make, I gotta get all my appointments together for next week because I go to the eye doctor and I go to the guy singer. I'm going to see, uh, doctor and I have an EKG that day and, um, then I go to my, um, I had to cancel, um, one of my, um, silver sneakers. Oh, ok. So I'm going to go twice the month next week because I'm going to the center and I'm going to the eye doctor. I forget which one it is. Mm. Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. I'm going, I was looking on here. Yeah, that's what she's got to have whenever they send in like Monday, when they send in the report, what they do with you Monday at physical therapy, that's when they write in there, what they are needing and then she will sign an order for it to be, you know, ordered and, and brought,
Patient: Ok, then I'll have to go somewhere to get measured and all that stuff.
Nurse: Right. Nope, physical therapy does all that
Patient: On physical therapy. We'll do the measurements and everything.
Nurse: They'll do the measurements and they send them in case it has to be special made. Um, and they'll send it like to hanger or something like that and they will make them, or if they order one that is like a, um, it's like a molded brace, then you'll have to go to hanger and they'll have to do that to make it. Where's that at? Oh, I'm not real sure.
Patient: Ok. I'm not because I think I get all this stuff straightened out Monday when I go.
Nurse: Yeah. Well, see, I think, um, [PHI-Personal] also does home visits I think when they have to do that kind of stuff they come to your own.
Patient: Oh, ok.
Nurse: So shouldn't be too difficult but you'll know the whole routine whenever you, whenever you know you get there on Monday and do all that. Ok. Alrighty. Ok, everything else is good. Yeah. All right. Alrighty. Well call me if you need
Patient: Me. Ok. All right, have a good day. Yep. Bye
Nurse: Bye bye bye.
