Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. I got a phone message from [PHI-Geographic] yesterday. My name is [PHI-Personal] and she wanted me to call her back at this number.
Nurse: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. Um [PHI-Geographic] out of the office for the rest of the day. So I'm taking her calls. Give me one second just to pull up her chart. Ok. At your chart. Ok. All right. So you're a patient with doctor [PHI-Personal] at [PHI-Geographic], is that correct? Yes. Ok, perfect. Um, so I do just need to let you know that this call is gonna be recorded for training purposes. Ok. Ok. All right. So, yeah, she was reaching out to you in regards to Doctor [PHI-Personal] Care Management program. Um, the Care Management program consists of a phone call from a nurse who would reach out to you in between your appointments. Your nurse would answer medical questions or concerns, assist with refills, test results, appointments and anything else pertaining to your health. Your nurse would be an added resource for you and most importantly would keep Doctor [PHI-Personal] updated with your current conditions and any changes that may be happening. And the program also helps avoid emergency room and urgent care visits as you would be able to contact your nurse directly with any medical issues or problems. Ok. So the care management program is a billable service to Medicare, Medicare Advantage and secondary insurance carriers and the calls are subject to deductibles, copays and coinsurance. Now, you have [PHI-Personal] Advantage with a $0 copay. Is that correct? Yes, perfect. So you could choose to get calls on a monthly basis or you could get those calls every couple of months in between your appointments. Would you, would you prefer a morning or an afternoon call from your care management nurse?
Patient: Um, I don't know, I don't really see the point. Um, the chance is that she's gonna call me on the day when I need something is pretty slim since I don't need that many things in between doctors appointments, you know?
Nurse: Yeah. So she would just do a general check in, make sure that you're feeling well and staying healthy. You don't generally need to need anything. Does that make sense? Yeah. So, um, the physicians are looking for some extra communication with their patients in between appointments. Um, they're just wanting to ensure that patients are staying healthy and feeling good. Yeah.
Patient: Well, um, I really don't think I'm
Nurse: Interested. Ok. No problem. Can I mail you some information in case you change your mind in the future? Sure. All right. I have that. Your address is 2 O2 mon drive Ner Florida. 33584. That's all right. I will mail that information out if you change your mind. Just let us know. Ok. Ok, thanks Joyce. Have a good day. Thank you. You too. Thanks. Bye bye.
