Nurse: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal]. Uh
Patient: Good afternoon. You tried to call uh my husband and you left a message regarding some program in general. Uh May I know what is all about?
Nurse: Yes. So I was calling on behalf of doctor. Um, so she wanted me to give her a call and what the care management program is. It's a monthly phone call from the care management nurse where she would check in with her in between her office visits and she'd answer questions and go over her medications or refills if she needs them. And she would also have access to the nurses direct line. So if she ever needs to get in touch for anything, she can get right to the nurse rather than trying to get in touch with the office. And um the doctor is also encouraging patients to use remote devices to track key vital signs in between office visits. So with her hypertension, we would provide her with a BP cuff at no charge and all the calls are documented. So they're sent over to doctor for review. So the chronic care management and remote patient monitoring are billable services to Medicare, Medicare Advantage plans, secondary insurance carriers subject to deductible and coinsurance. So she may receive a statement from the practice for the service. However, with her United Healthcare Medicare Advantage, it looks like she would only have that $5 copay.
Patient: Ok. I will, uh, uh, leave this message for her. Uh, she's out of town at this time and if there's any questions she'll ask, she'll call, I'll give you a
Nurse: Call. Yeah. And then you can let her know too. She doesn't have to do monthly. She can do, um, every other month, every three months or six months as well. Ok. Ok. Sure. So I'll just send a letter with the information and then, um, if she decides to sign up, she can always call us back or if she has questions. Ok. Correct.
Patient: Sure. I will do that. Thank you.
Nurse: Ok. All right. Well, thanks for your time. Thanks for calling back. Have a good one. Bye bye. All right. Bye bye.
