Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal]. I'm calling for my father. [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Yeah, how are you? I'm
Patient: Good. How are you?
Nurse: Can't complain what's going on today?
Patient: No. Uh, I'm just letting you know for his me new medication. Mhm. Yeah, he's taking good, but it's about three days as that's why I call you back. He's feeling like it's not, you know, he's not very happy like, uh, little bit dizzy I think for maybe for his me new medication or I don't know everything everything is look good, but just, you know, he feeling not very happy and dizzy, whatever where he lay down and he get, uh, his head like a dizzy.
Nurse: Ok, let me take a peek at what they started him on. Alright. Now they had, let me see, started him on several new BP medications and then kind of changed up his diabetes medications. Is that correct? Mhm. All right. And how's his BP running at home? Are you guys being able to check that
Patient: BP is? Yeah, BP is normal.
Nurse: All right. And his sugars are staying pretty normal as well.
Patient: No, his sugar is a little bit high.
Nurse: Alright. How, how high is it
Patient: Is after, after lunch and like the after lunch it's like uh almost 303 [PHI-Account] and is yesterday like uh 351 something.
Nurse: Oh, ok. And he's still taking uh the Lantus 30 units once a day. Yeah. 30
Patient: Unit only one. Right.
Nurse: Mhm. And then is he taking the [PHI-Personal] and the [PHI-Geographic] or, or just the [PHI-Personal]?
Patient: No, [PHI-Personal] only
Nurse: [PHI-Geographic]. Only [PHI-Geographic]. Ok. Yeah.
Patient: So we start the, but today I'm not checking her, his blood sugar yet because he's, he li, he little bit sleep, I think right now. So, after he is he say he gonna be, lay down a little bit, he feeling it's not like happy, I think it's probably normal or new medication.
Nurse: Yeah, a lot of new medications do come with side effects of like, dizziness, headaches. Um, you know, stomach upset, those usually kind of dissipate after a couple of weeks on the medication. Um, but just, just keep a really close eye on his BP, especially with all those new medications they started him on, uh, if his BP is getting too low, if we're seeing numbers that are like 100 or below on that top number or like 50 or below on the bottom one, sometimes that can cause an increase in the dizziness, lightheadedness, confusion and things of that nature.
Patient: Yeah. It's dizzy there. Yeah. Well, whatever he get, he get out, you have to hold him because it make him dizzy. Mhm.
Nurse: Ok. Right. And then another thing, so it's usually initially when he's getting up, that he's dizzy or does it last like the whole time that he's up and moving,
Patient: He's w whenever he sit down and get up, make him dizzy and like, uh he walk around it, make him dizzy. And no, it's, it's not like a look like all the time when he get up and he walking around like that. That's why he have to still stay. If he still and lay down it make better. But yeah, look like he's not like a, you know, he's not, he say he's not feeling like uh it's not normal either. It's like a I said, but he don't know how to complain either. You know, he say it make him not like uh not happy and not normal or something like that. But I give her water and juice, I give him.
Nurse: Are you still there? Yeah. Oh OK. It cut out for a second. All right. So yeah, keeping him hydrated is definitely important. We wanna keep his BP up a little bit. Um Make sure that he's got plenty of fluid in his vascular system to be circulating around properly. So definitely keep up with the water intake. A lot of times what we see is um a little bit of what we you call like an orthostatic hypotension. What happens is when he's initially changing positions. Like if you're moving from laying to sitting or from sitting to standing, that the body is not quite able to keep the BP flowing around and consistent. Like it should be in the first place. You lose that good perfusion, that good circulation is towards the brain. So you end up feeling kind of lightheaded dizzy, you might pass out um lose your balance, things like that. So definitely make sure when he's getting up or moving that he takes every change in position very slowly, very gradually. So, like if he's laying down, have him sit up and just sit for a minute or two, kind of regain his equilibrium, then try to stand and stand for a minute before he starts walking and moving around just to give his body a chance to kind of calibrate again and get back to normal before he starts moving. Ok. Ok. All right. And then, like I said, the dizziness is, is common, um, with new medications. So they started him on quite a few things all at once. It's hard to say specifically which one is, is probably causing some of the dizziness might be a little bit of everything at once. Um, but like I said, that should also start to dissipate over the next week or two while his body gets accustomed to the new medications. Ok. All right. But again, remind him move real slowly. Um, if he's up and walking and feeling kind of unsteady really try to have him use like a cane or a walker or something so that he's got just that extra little bit of, of balance. Oh ok. Ok. Alright. And then we
Patient: Don't have to worry anything right for like
Nurse: The no, no it's it's nothing to worry about unless if he starts getting real confused, doesn't know you know where he is, what's going on. If he's falling asleep and not being able to wake up very easily or he's having recurrent falls, then that's a more significant issue. That's something that definitely let us know we would be concerned about. You know, if that happens over the weekend, get him into the hospital to be checked out. But if it's just a little bit of dizziness while he's up and walking, it's most likely from the
Patient: New medication for new medication. Ok.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. Unfortunately, there's nothing you can really do to, to counteract those side effects. You just have to be real careful. Like I said, the gradual position changes moving real slowly just over this next week or two. while he kind of re acclimates and gets used to the new prescriptions. Ok. Ok. And then certainly if it's still persisting, if it's still giving him a lot of issues, um, when you come in to see [PHI-Personal] next week, let us know and if it gets worse over the weekend again, like I said, let him just get him in to be checked out, emergently just to make sure that it's not something more significant going on. Ok. But right now if it's, it, like I said, if it's just dizziness, he said, you know, he's not feeling quite right, but there's nothing major going on. Don't stress, it, don't worry too much. Um, just, you know, keep an eye on him and make sure he's being real careful while he's moving around.
Patient: Yeah I give I give you fruit to like a strawberry something like that make it like a it's a little bit fresh but. Mm. Ok. Ok I will give you a head. Ok.
Nurse: Yeah yeah yeah just keep an eye and then like I said if it if it gets any worse throughout the day today let me know or if it gets worse over the weekend get him into like an urgent care or something just to be safe um but it shouldn't be anything to worry about and it should start getting better over the next week or so
Patient: I think so. Ok. Ok.
Nurse: All right.
Patient: Uh thank you so
Nurse: Much. Oh you're welcome you're welcome. All right we will see you if nothing else comes up we'll see you on the 10th but if you need anything else you just let me know. Ok. Ok
Patient: Thank you
Nurse: You bet. Alright bye bye bye.
