Nurse: Hi there. Is this [PHI-Personal]?
Patient: It is. How are you?
Nurse: I'm good. Ok. So I wanted to give you an update with your mom [PHI-Personal]. So I, I got your voice mail. I sent a message and asked him to send the lab order to the mobile lab. Um, I saw a response so that I know they're working on it. Great. Uh, your, your mom called and she was confused about one of her medications, but I, um, I looked it up in the chart and it's her cholesterol medicine that, um, was just refilled by that, the physician assistant and she was confused because it didn't say Doctor [PHI-Personal] and she's a little bit confused about her medication. So she said, hey, can you just send me a list of my medication? I'm like, sure. So I just typed up a letter for her and I just, uh, from her chart and I just typed out the medication she took and put it in the mail.
Patient: Ok, I'll talk to her about that tonight. When we went to her follow up visit, it was with [PHI-Personal] and there was a note, there was a note in the, from doctor [PHI-Personal] that he wanted to change that medication and we were just gonna let the first one run out and then start the new one. Um, and she was ok with that. So I don't know if it's the milligrams or different or he switched the name. Well, it says
Nurse: Frequency, you know how medications are, where it'll have the generic name and the brand name. So the brand is, I believe Crestor, but the, the generic name that's on there is rosuvastatin calcium. And so it threw her off. She thought it was a calcium pill,
Patient: Right? Ok.
Nurse: What I say? And so I just sent out her list to her.
Patient: That's great. I always tell them like, it doesn't hurt to ask questions, you know, because they take them and if anything, they're so used to taking the same thing that if anything changes, they're like, what, like anyway, um, well, good. I'm glad you talked to her. I, I tell her just to call you, you know, because they're so they can't talk to the doctor's office. They, they can't. All right. I'm like, just going to call, like, if she answer the phone the first time, she'll call you right back. Helpful and she calls up like, right, I'm like, just don't even fret about it, just call her and don't worry about the rest. No problem. So good.
Nurse: It very easy. Now, this may not be a complete medication list and, you know, she takes over the counter vitamins supplements if she gets prescriptions from somewhere outside of Temple and we don't have records. So I just put, this is the list
Patient: That's all she's on. Yeah, that's all she is. She really doesn't take that many, which is nice and she doesn't see any outside. Yeah. No one's outside the bubble. Ok.
Nurse: That I just specified that in there just to be safe. But.
Patient: Oh, good. All right. So I'll just wait to hear from you about the, whenever that is I told him it would be sometime next, sometime next week and, and I don't think we have any appointments next week anyway. So, you know, that'd be great. And that will, that will time out well with, um, her appointment on the 10th,
Nurse: Right. So I did send that over. I just, um, I just sent it, I didn't call. Yeah, I figured I call you when we got it done but, um, I did let her know as well that we're gonna do that mobile lab and then I put in the request and so they, they could be calling her next week and she said, ok.
Patient: Yeah. So what will they do? Just call and say we're coming over or they'll call with, hey, can we come Friday or Wednesday at noon or how did that?
Nurse: I, I've heard both ways. I've heard they call and I've heard they don't call. So I wonder if it's just, um, it may be a phone issue with the people that don't get, get the call or whatever, but, uh, they're supposed to call and then I can also give you the number to the lab once we get it sent over. Just so you have that available. Um, and, yeah, and you can call if you want to. So, ok,
Patient: Or otherwise they can just, that'd be great. Thank you. Mhm.
Nurse: Cool. All right. Well, you have a good weekend. I told her I'd be uh reaching out to her maybe the beginning of the week or sometime next week just to check and see how she's doing. So. That's
Patient: Great. Thank you. That's awesome.
Nurse: You're welcome. You take care.
Patient: You have a good weekend. You too. Bye bye.
