Nurse: Hi, good morning. That was fast.
Patient: That was, wasn't it? Hi, how are you?
Nurse: I'm good. Thanks for asking. How are
Patient: You? I'm doing good. I was on the phone and I saw you coming, calling through and I was like, ah, just a second.
Nurse: That's ok. No problem. I was like, that was.
Patient: So, yeah, I wanted to call you today by the way. So,
Nurse: You, it's perfect. Well, her readings look strange what's going on?
Patient: You're taking the cloNIDine twice a day.
Nurse: And so they're probably almost too low.
Patient: And she said, yeah, like [PHI-Personal]
Nurse: Nine. Well, here's the thing. She has this great variant, you know, like we talked, she was in the one seventies and one fifties and then she slowly came down like 1 32 1 19. That wasn't so bad. 1 33. But then she literally dropped for, I don't know how many days she was like [PHI-Account] over
Patient: Before she started the cloNIDine twice a day.
Nurse: That's probably, oh, I mean, I'm gonna ask Doctor [PHI-Personal] what she thinks. Now yesterday she was 1 53/66. Did she say I'm not taking it.
Patient: No, she took it. I asked her.
Nurse: Interesting.
Patient: I can wait. I can, I can run back there and talk to her. Hold on because I know she's up. But she did, I wanted to talk to you because she still keeps saying she's so tired. You know, I, I don't, she said she just keeps saying I don't feel right. I don't know what else, you know, it could be. Um, I did, uh, maybe we do to have her see a cardiologist because can you look at her labs still? Yeah. Are they checking her for her cancer tumor markers, whatever. So, let's see. I don't wanna say, but I'm just, somebody told me when they had BP issues, they said that it could be your body fighting off another infection. That just doesn't
Nurse: She? In [PHI-Personal]? She checked like, pretty much everything, her microalbumin, her vitamin levels, her thyroid, the lipid panel. What
Patient: About these? Are they checking her tum, are they checking the cancer markers still? Mm.
Nurse: I don't even see that. We've done that in years. Where was she getting those checked at or was checked?
Patient: But then everything was good. Oh, I think we might need to check that again. So she, to do that or when did
Nurse: She? Well, I can talk to doctor when. So she was seeing, uh, she was being seen at, when did they kind of discharge her from their care?
Patient: Oh. Wow,
Nurse: It's been a while,
Patient: Been a while and it
Nurse: Was a, um, she had a malignancy in the stomach do specifically like,
Patient: Yeah, it was um, let me go to my, let me go to my, hold on, let me pull out her stuff that I can do it. Patient [PHI-Personal]. Ok. I got, I'm going into our [PHI-Personal]. Yeah, that's ok.
Nurse: Ok. I mean, you would think that in ter,
Patient: Ok, [PHI-Personal] was the last time she was there.
Nurse: Ok. Was she technically discharged from there?
Patient: No, she said I'm not going anymore. Uh I mean, she didn't have cancer anymore. Um, you know, just right. Let me see because she had the last thing she had done was the um radiology, right? Um What the heck was it? Hold on. She had her port removed um in [PHI-Personal] because it stopped working. Um radiology she had in Ja on [PHI-Personal]. She had a CT tap with contrast of her thorax abdomen and pelvis. Ok. Hang on. I'm downloading this.
Nurse: I mean, you know, doctor has checked obviously like you would think you would think that if, if something malignant was happening that you would see it in her CBC, right? You know, in her blood counts. Um
Patient: You would think so.
Nurse: I mean, yes, you would think so. And her labs look, you know that we took in [PHI-Personal]. Yeah, everything is within normal range. But um if you are concerned I would, I mean, is she willing to go back to my office?
Patient: Mm. No, probably not.
Nurse: All right. And then I'll have to talk to Doctor [PHI-Personal] and see what she can. You know, what else could we run? Um, I don't think we have the records from, et, when you come into the office. Are you able to, like, bring a copy that you could leave to be scanned into your chart when you come in, in [PHI-Personal]?
Patient: Yeah. What do you, what is it that you want?
Nurse: I think the biggest thing she probably wanna see is any labs or an imaging, like her imaging results. Um, maybe like the last office visit if she has that, you know, like the last visit with the oncology team. But I mean, it's possible she's not feeling good for that reason. So she's still complaining of dizziness and just really like it just tired. Yeah. And she,
Patient: Like, she tries to work outside and uh huh, I mean, she worked longer than my husband did, um, outside this weekend on Saturday but she, you know, she just, she just keeps saying I, I don't, it, I still don't feel right.
Nurse: Ok. And so now she's taking the cloNIDine um, like at nine and five like we talked about.
Patient: Mhm.
Nurse: Yeah. So, yeah, so she takes the cloNIDine at nine and five and the um Lisinopril in the morning and now she's so low. Um I mean, so ideally the pro the problem is, I don't know what I, I think it's dropping her too low and on Sunday she might need it. But then that would be a matter of like you took her BP be, you know, in the evening and see if it's elevated and if it's high then you'd have to give it to her. It wouldn't be like a routine thing. And I know it's hard in your schedule and it would probably be, I mean, honestly, for her, that's what I mean, that those are difficult directions for her, you know, to look at her BP and assess and say, do I really need that?
Patient: Yeah. All right. I'm just, I'm looking at these CTF all the case.
Nurse: No, that's not true. I was gonna say she seems to have the low readings when she takes them in the morning. Um, yeah, I agree. And the ones in the evening are better.
Patient: So, should we tell her not do? Well, she's gonna do, she probably already took the one this morning, but I
Nurse: Have to see what doctor [PHI-Personal] says. I mean, truthfully she may say cardiology, but I will also obviously express your concerns about, um, it's just difficult for her to know what they were ordering for her to do. You know, like if there was a specific marker, we have no record of, we can't see ETS records unfortunately.
Patient: Got you. Well, that, yeah, I wanna, so we can't, I'm gonna go through these so I could do a request too with them to send them over. But I'm gonna print her last response. I gonna, I'm gonna print her last one. Why is it going here? I don't wanna print it. I don't wanna do a PDF. Yeah. Oh, ok. Because I can drop them off to you today. I'm off today. Um, that would be [PHI-Personal] 13th of 2022. It talks about her. She had stage four gastric cancer. It gives her like there's a whole bunch of other codes in here. I don't understand. Diagnosed in [PHI-Personal], um, underwent subtotal gastroectomy. [PHI-Personal]. She was on the ox regimen, talked about the cycles. So this one's pretty detailed.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, that would be great. She would love to see that [PHI-Personal] and I'll let the front desk know that you're gonna come in and drop off some records from it, put into her chart.
Patient: Ok. Yeah, I was just, you know, trying to think what else could be causing this [PHI-Personal]. I don't BP thing. Ok.
Nurse: But she obviously, so the problem is like there's such a variance now, it's so extreme that her body can't adjust to those pressures, you know, in the morning and then at night, like there's at least a 20 or 30 like millimeter me, you know, there's like a difference of some days, 20 to 30. And, um, I mean, that's gonna, she's probably dizzier from that she might even feel worse.
Patient: You know, I, I talked to her a little bit yesterday and, oh, ok. So here's another thing you, she called me not last night and she called me the night before, at 11 o'clock at night. And I'm like, mom, why are you calling me? And she goes, well, um, you called me, didn't you call me? And I said no, oh, she said I have II, I thought you called me and then she was like, very apologetic. She said, well, maybe somebody else called me and my name, you know, she can't your phone. So that makes it hard too. She was not. So we talked to her, I talked to her again yesterday about it and, and on my way home and she goes, I think I was hallucinating. I'm like what she said, yeah, I, I act, I could hear somebody call my name. It was like whacky, like weird whacky. She goes, um, I could hear somebody call my name but maybe I was just hallucinating. I don't know what's going on. It's really weird. So when I got home I talked to her again, you know, no explanation. Um, like she hears things but they're not there, which is kind of scary. And, um, I said, what in the world are you doing up at 11 o'clock at night? And she goes, oh, I stay up, I'm staying up late at night and then she's constantly going to the bathroom again. I'm like, ok. Um, I said, what do you do? Why are you up? And she says I have to watch the news. I go, why do you have to watch the news? And she said it's just the thing she has to do to watch the news. Well, you know, it's, I go stop watching the news. It's just all bad stuff on there and maybe that's giving her anxiety. Yeah, especially the war, right? So I don't, my mom fled [PHI-Geographic] because bombs were dropped in her house and here's all this stuff going on with the Ukraine War. You know, the market, you know, gonna crash, like all this bad stuff is gonna happen. I said mom, nothing that you're doing, you know, listening to this stuff on, on the news is helping you at all. I said it's making you more, have, have, I think I have more anxiety than anything. She's like, oh, it actually relaxes me when I go to sleep. I'm like, oh my God. And I can go to sleep better. I'm like, mom, I really need to stop watching the news. So maybe she has anxiety and that is a part of why she has
Nurse: Had thought that before, you know, when she was at your sister's um, yeah, sister had talked about having that. She seemed to have anxiety and that she would report feeling like she had anxiety and doctor [PHI-Personal], you know, like she I think I was talking to [PHI-Personal] and you know, she was saying, like, I think the the anxiety is contributing to the BP. Like I could go back and look at the notes from when she was a [PHI-Personal]. Um And you know that she was saying, you know, does she need something for that? Um And I mean, I have patients who get yes, it increases their pressure. But um like I always feel like when she's with you, there isn't necessarily that same level of anxiety with you, you know.
Patient: Right. So growing up, well, I wouldn't say growing up what? So when she used to be able to drive, right, she, she lived here, she had to move because she had um asthma really bad. So we bought her, we bought a house, she and I up in Tennessee, she would, she lived in the house, right? We go visit her there. It was great. She loved, it was on the water. But before that, I, we can remember for years if she would drive herself to [PHI-Geographic] non stop, straight through stop one time to pee and when she would get frustrated or mad because of something, somebody said that was totally weird. Like my brother in law asked her one time how long she was staying? And she took that as, but you know, why am I here? I literally got up in the middle of the night, two o'clock in the morning. And, and would leave. Right. I think, and she did, she, it was almost like a routine, almost like every six months she would do that. She did it to me twice down here. I told you about the arguments that we got in but she couldn't drive anymore. And that made her mad and very frustrated. So she doesn't do it as often with me anymore. I think it more so happens up there when she feels like she's out of control or something, sets her off and she just thinks so much about it. She can't get out of her own head.
Nurse: Right.
Patient: I think there's something there. I really do. My, my older sister and I not [PHI-Personal]. Um, we're talking the other day about the same thing, the news. Why is she watching it? Maybe the BP is high because she's really anxious because it might be bringing back these old memories from being in the war.
Nurse: I mean, as anything is possible.
Patient: Yeah.
Nurse: Uh, it's so I'm, I mean, let's see, you haven't seen doctor [PHI-Personal]. It's been, how long
Patient: Been a little while?
Nurse: Has you really not seen her since she, have you not seen her with her? Is it only been [PHI-Personal] that brought her before she
Patient: Left? Yep. Yep.
Nurse: Look at something. I'm thinking, I'm thinking that she might need to let me see.
Patient: You know, she's had this high BP thing since she had that bowel obstruction, which is
Nurse: I know. Weird. But I did tell you that. I think she had high BP prior to that because remember when we looked in her records it was elevated. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I did see it wasn't
Patient: Correct. Yeah.
Nurse: But it had been, um, so doctor has an appointment on two weeks from today, on the [PHI-Personal] at 9 30. Is that a time that would work for you? That you could come in there?
Patient: Um, yeah, I mean, I'll, let's put it down, I'll put it on my calendar. I gotta get my work computer out and see what I have. I'm gonna,
Nurse: So I mean, this isn't like I'm gonna talk to her about all this anyways. I mean, clearly I can't like leave her BP like that for two weeks. Um, but I think it's a really good idea. I am not gonna cancel the um, I'm not going to cancel the appointment in [PHI-Personal]. Um, because maybe she'll wanna see her again. So let's have it for now if she feels like she, um, if she feels like she doesn't wanna see her, we can always cancel it right. But let's do her in [PHI-Personal]. Let's come in in a couple weeks. Let me show her what her readings are.
Patient: Yeah, I got Tuesday the [PHI-Personal] at 9 30.
Nurse: Yeah, it's, it's actually a Wednesday. It's Wednesday the [PHI-Personal] at 9 30. Ok, so two weeks from today, let's bring her in. But, I mean, obviously I'm gonna follow up with you after I talk to her because those readings are.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. So, let me know about, yeah, the cloNIDine because, like you say, it's pro, it's too low. Remind me again. What is low? Well, I
Nurse: Mean, you know, the thing is like under 100 but the problem that I see is that like, in one day time, you know, like from 66 o'clock on one night, she'll be 1 33 and then by the next morning she's 104. and then, so she had a day or two where she stayed really low, you know, but then, I mean, and, you know, again, you don't think it's like user error because she seems to be, we've gone through that, you know, but she goes from like 101. Um, and [PHI-Personal] up to, you know, like, she was [PHI-Personal]/49 at 11 30 in the morning and at 6 40 at night she was 1 37/69. Like, that's a huge variance. Right? For your body to, it's, your body can't really, like, it doesn't function. Well, you know, there's no stability you're going from very low pressure to. So, you know, that's what's normal. 1 37/69 we wouldn't have been worried about it, you know. But then the next morning she dropped back down to 107. Over 62. So the variance is, you know, from like, 30 or 40 you know, it change like that any greater than, like, 15, 20 at the most. I mean, she's feeling it. So that's like what I'm concerned, you know? So now she, she might almost honestly feel worse than she did
Patient: Before. Yeah, because she's too low.
Nurse: I think I can
Patient: Tell her, but not if she has, I, as she took her pill this morning. But should I run back and check with her? Well, the
Nurse: Issue is that if she, um, you know, we used to have the parameters, right. Like if she was right, we had the parameters for her. And so she would technically have to, um,
Patient: We go back to that
Nurse: To find them
Patient: Versus doing it all the time. Only do it when we, when it reaches X level it.
Nurse: Correct. Right. And which is strange because I'm not even seeing it in here anymore. The parameter is why? All right. Now I have to look someplace else. Um, I mean, and she could certainly do that. I, you know, she could, um,
Patient: Uh, but will she be able to catch it? Well, that's
Nurse: What I'm saying. Do you feel that she can manage, you know, something like that? Um,
Patient: Probably not on our, probably have to, I'd have to do something and my husband's home, get him involved. Go over there every day or whoever is now.
Nurse: Yeah, I have to ask for, you know, for like parameters. And um because see, this is what doctor had said when she was at [PHI-Personal], this is back in [PHI-Personal] and she said on days when she's elevated, is she feeling more anxious? And that's why sometimes she's having these higher readings. Um you know, and then she said she could try taking the magnesium, I recommend magnesium available through Life extension. Um You know, because like [PHI-Personal] wanted to know at the time if she could try magnesium to uh assist with anxiety rather than a medication.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah, she, we got it but she, she doesn't take it obviously.
Nurse: Yeah. Right. Um So she was like, you know, and the idea of the amLODIPine was so, you know, because [PHI-Personal] felt too like um there's just too many pills and she couldn't do that Pr N thing. Um So she was like, you know, she wanted her to continue the Lisinopril. Um tell me about this was in [PHI-Personal] that the cloNIDine was what was causing the di the dizziness, you know, that, that, that was like what the issue was. And so doctor [PHI-Personal] had said, you know, she could stop it, but she should take it if her BP consistently reached over 1 60/100. Right. Right.
Patient: Yeah. And now that she's taking the amLODIPine, she, she thinks that was making her feel worse the any better but she seems to be, oh, we're ok. With it.
Nurse: Well, it didn't, the interesting thing is it didn't change her symptoms, like she still has the same symptoms, but she isn't putting that together. Right. That it's not necessarily the medication. Right.
Patient: Right. You know, is there something else going on? Yeah.
Nurse: I mean, you could try having that talk with her, you know, because ideally the amLODIPine and the Lisinopril seem to be a good combination in her pressures, you know. but I, she doesn't wanna take it any longer. Um I guess I would try talking,
Patient: You know, I go back and tell her the cloNIDine dropping it too low. We're gonna go back, put you on the amine, just do that at night with the Lisinopril. We're gonna try it again. I mean,
Nurse: Yeah, let me see what doctor suggests, you know, let me, let me talk to her and see what she says. I, I mean, in the, in the interim until you see her. Um And then if you want to bring those records into the office, great. I already told them up front. If not, you can always bring them in. Um,
Patient: When I come, yeah, I'll bring him in today. I'll make an appointment now. Correct. I'll do that and then I'll see if I can't get to uh US F this week or not US F it this week and get all of her scans because I need to do that anyway. I'll just have to bring my po a so quick. Got it.
Nurse: Right. So, you could, like I said, try to, um, bring them in, in advance. I'm gonna let her know. I mean, either way she's going to have to take a peek at, I, I don't know what she'll say about the meds. Clearly, the two a day schedule isn't working. Right.
Patient: So, do you think you'll be able to talk to her today? So we can figure out what I'm saying?
Nurse: Yeah, hope, hopefully. Um, it depends on how her, her patient schedule is. Um, you know, she tries to be really good at, like, looking at everything, you know, and really looking at it in between patients, but it sometimes doesn't happen until she's done with patients for the day. So then I wouldn't talk with you until tomorrow. But, um, you know what I would say at this point is she was high on her last BP that she took, she was high. Um, well, last night she was 1 53/66. So
Patient: Last night was 1 [PHI-Account]
Nurse: 3/66. Yeah. Right. And that,
Patient: What was it the night before?
Nurse: So, the one previous to that she took yesterday morning and she was 1 16/58.
Patient: What was it yesterday, last night though, or the night
Nurse: Before? Um, she didn't take it the night before she took it on Sunday night and it was 1 37/69. So it's so high. In the evening, in the morning. I mean, on the Saturday night. So, yeah, on Saturday night it was [PHI-Personal] 1/53 though. See, that's what I mean, there's this incredible variant that I can't, I can't make rhyme or reason of, you know, that's why I was like, is she taking the meds? Is she not taking them, like, does she miss some doses? So, I'm telling them at the front desk that you're drop off the records possibly today.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah, I'll pull whatever lab info I have from more, the more recent stuff and, um, I already pulled like the PT stuff too.
Nurse: Ok. All right. Let me talk to her and see what she says. I mean, obviously we'll have to do something until, um, you know. Yeah. Right. So she'll see you in two weeks. That's just too low.
Patient: Yeah. So
Nurse: I agree. Uh huh. All right. We'll talk as soon as I have an answer for you. We will talk. Ok.
Patient: Sounds good. Thank
Nurse: You. Perfect. Ok. All right. Bye.
