Nurse: Thank you for calling the care management team. My name is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you? Yeah,
Patient: This is, I got a call.
Nurse: Yes. Let me pull back up your account. Give me one second. All right,
Patient: I haven't even got my lab results and I've called many times and no one's called me back.
Nurse: Oh, goodness. And
Patient: It's been from 22 or three months now. So I'm not real happy with the office. Oh, goodness. So I don't know what benefits you're talking about.
Nurse: So, um, let me just start by saying that we are on a recorded line for quality purposes. And the reason for my call is Doctor [PHI-Personal] is providing a care management program and that is where a dedicated nurse will call you in between your visits. She will provide you with any assistance on your current health conditions. She can help you with your medications along with that. I don't
Patient: Know what's going on. How could I get a care management if I don't know what's even going on? Because I've never got to the lab and I haven't followed up yet. So, what good is the care management when I
Nurse: Don't know anything. I completely understand. Um, and,
Patient: And I understand the role I used to work in the hospital so I know what the role of the care management.
Nurse: Yes. Um, what we could do is if you wanted to sign up for the care management program, I can have the nurse contact you today and she can help with getting those lab results for you. Um, and to kind of help figure out what's going on.
Patient: Yeah. Well, I wasn't a call before now.
Nurse: Um, that I am unsure of, I'm a different department from the actual, um, practice itself. Um,
Patient: So, so I don't know if I need a care management team or not. So, until I find out that information, I really don't want any anybody calling me.
Nurse: Ok. Not a problem. I can go ahead and document that down here. Um, and I do apologize for the office not letting you know what is going on with your lab results.
Patient: Yeah, because I don't know if I need a care management or not. So,
Nurse: Ok, well, if you end up changing your mind, you can always reach back out. Ok.
