Nurse: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you?
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. It's [PHI-Personal]. How are you?
Nurse: Good, [PHI-Personal]. How are you doing?
Patient: I'm doing ok. Um, I wanted to mention something to you. Um, I think I know I spoke to doctor about this and I, I think I might have mentioned it to you. You probably know that I've, I've been having this, this, this on and off headaches along along with this, this feeling of flushness in my face. I mean, it, my face is, is red a lot of the time now my BP is normal. Ok. I mean, it's been no higher than 100 and 17/72. I mean, I think that's the highest reading I got. Ok. Um, I continue to do my bike training every other day. I eat well, you know, I do what I'm supposed to do. Uh, I do consume probably too much salt. That's my one weakness. Ok. Um, but, uh, I keep having these bizarre symptoms. Ok, this morning I have these, I have, it almost looks like finger marks on the inside of my knees, on both sides. I mean, I'm getting some bizarre stuff going on here and, you know, I had that skin rash that we never discovered what that was. Right. I'm getting these little tiny, you know, hemangioma under the skin more often. I'm wondering if I have something here that's a little bit more. I don't know what I, you know, are you taking any B
Nurse: Vitamins? Huh. Are you taking any B vitamins or do you take anything with a lot of niacin in it?
Patient: I, I take a B complex.
Nurse: Ok. Um, because too much niacin can cause that. So I was just, I was wondering if that was maybe, maybe something. Um,
Patient: Yeah, now I, I, you know, it's like I say, it's a, it's a over the counter B complex with, you know, 1000% you know, daily. But I've been taking these for years, right? I mean, literally years and
Nurse: No changes in your diet that, that would cause an increase in that.
Patient: No, if anything, I'm probably consuming less protein because I'm not eat, uh, consuming a big whopping protein shake every day. Like I do in the summer time when I'm riding, you know? OK.
Nurse: And, um, how about, um, some, so some other things that can like cause these kind of things is, is definitely like eating like spicy foods can cause that alcoholic beverages stress. Um, also, also, um, in, in intestinal bacteria. Have you ever heard of uh uh H pylori?
Patient: No, I had f, you had I was, yeah, I was in the hospital for three days.
Nurse: Yeah. Like, some, some of these kind of things are, um, you know, things that can cause that, that kind of thing. Um, uh, and also like, things like stress and all that. But you're, you're, you're, you're not seeming to hit, it doesn't come on during, like, stress. It's just come out of nowhere. Right.
Patient: Well, it's, it's more or less constant and I was with, you know, uh, with some friends out eating, you know, on Friday Friday night, you know, it was kind of a Christmas get together. We do every year at this particular restaurant and they took pictures and I saw my, my, my face is like, bright red compared to everybody else's I was looking at and it looked to me like my God. That's the way you look when your BP was, you know, off the hook years ago. You know, when you were, when I was working at the boys home and wasn't on any medication. Right. But my
Nurse: BP is good. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's obviously not the case. So we need to figure out. Right. Well, that's, that's, that's normal for you that low one. But if it's not, if it's not the BP there has, I mean, and you're, it's, it's, is it coming with, with, you said it's all the time though? It's not just with any headaches or anything like that.
Patient: Well, right. Now I have a mild headache and I have this, this very slight feeling of flushness on my face and I can see that my face and I also have red patches right in my cheeks. Ok. That I've noticed for a while. Have
Nurse: You, did you look at it thinking about like maybe [PHI-Personal],
Patient: The, the, uh, II, I talked to, I asked, uh, um, about that. She didn't really respond. She's never talked to me about it. Um, I mean, me, I think he occasionally looks at me other than his computer screen. Ok. Somewhat. Uh, you know what I'm talking about? Yeah. And, and, um, the, the, um, um, the ophthalmologist tells me that I have [PHI-Personal], the eye. Mm. Which I, which I said, what I said, should I be worried about that? And I said, nah. Mhm.
Nurse: And they didn't discuss any kind of medication or anything to take for [PHI-Personal]?
Patient: No, not for my ocular [PHI-Personal]. But I've got this, you know, I, I look like somebody put on me right on my cheek, you know, and it's kind of ly.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, and it, it does sound a lot like [PHI-Personal]. I mean, except for the fact that is it, you, are, you just not just the face that you said, right? You said you're getting some spots on the knees too and that, so it's
Patient: On the, it's so weird because it's on the inside of my knees and the only reason I saw it, I, you know, I got up in the morning, I was sitting on the toilet, I looked down and I saw what looked like fingerprints on the inside of my knee. That was beginning to, you know, it wasn't like I was sleeping with my hands between my knee. Right. Right. And it's a little bit lightened up a little bit, but I can still see it. I don't know. I'm just having some weird crap going on. I think
Nurse: I'm gonna bring it to his attention about. Maybe you're thinking about if that is [PHI-Personal] because, well, well, I can't see it. You know what I mean? So I can't, you, you know, take a look and assess it, but, I mean, I'm just surprised that you brought this to his attention and he just wanted to do a urine test. Um, he didn't even, I don't know if he could considered [PHI-Personal], but it sounds a lot like, especially you've already been, you've already been diagnosed with it in your eyes, which means that, you know, it's a good chance that it would affect your skin too. Um, so I'm not sure, you know what he would want to do about that. But, um, I think that's something I don't know, I to look into.
Patient: I'm calling you because, you know, I kind of look at you as the gatekeeper here. Yeah, I mean, that's, this is what you told me your function is and I've been using you, you know that, ok, so, you know, we've developed a little bit of a relationship here, you know, know me pretty well, I think, yeah, I
Nurse: Think I'm
Patient: With that though. I'm getting to the point where, where this, this, uh, these syndromes that I seem to be having here. I'm starting to, I'm starting to worry a little bit that I have something a little bit serious that's, you know, underlying cause for some of this crap that's going on.
Nurse: Well, that's only gonna cause you more stress. [PHI-Personal], you know.
Patient: Do I have cancer? Do I have lupus or? You know, what do I have?
Nurse: And hopefully it's just [PHI-Personal], which is, it sounds like a good cause, like I said, especially since you've already been diagnosed of it in the eyes. But I mean, I think that he should consider that and see if there's any treatment to get rid of it. Um, do I have any,
Patient: Do I have diabetes? I mean, I haven't been checked for stuff like that, you know, I mean, I wouldn't, I wouldn't think I would with, I mean, I weigh 100 and 40 lbs and I, I eat well and
Nurse: No, you're, you're fairly, you're fairly, um, you know, healthy, you know, I mean,
Patient: Extremely active, you know, for a person my age, but, you know, I'm not as active as I am in the summer time. Right. Right. I don't know, I just, you know, I'm not like ing at you. I just thought I'd run this by you because every, every day I'm seeing some new goopy symptom now and I'm like, what is all this stuff add up to? Because something is not right with me. And I told doctor before, when I talk last time I talked to him, I said doc, I have a feeling that something's wrong with me. Something's not right. I'm very body conscious. You understand that? You know, if I get a pimple, I'll find it.
Nurse: No, I hear you. I, I know
Patient: That it's on my butt.
Nurse: No, I hear you there. I know what you're saying. So we want to get this treated though. We don't want to just sit around and wonder what it is and then nothing happened out of the process of, of getting all these tests done. So, uh, let me go at him and, and I, I will, I will put it right out there for [PHI-Personal]. See if that could be a consideration for, for what possible diagnosis because, you know, as well as I do everything in medicine is trial and error and if it doesn't, if it's not that then we have to figure out what it is. We can't just, just let it go and wait for, wait for you to call me and then we have to go after he needs to get on top of this and see what's going on
Patient: And I think my palms are red, red, your palms as well. Yeah. Look kind of reddish. Yeah. And I've got spots behind my hands too. I mean, I don't know. I mean, is my liver failing?
Nurse: Mm. No, that, that makes you reconsider the [PHI-Personal]? Uh, um,
Patient: I don't know. I mean, you know, maybe it's me. I mean, you know, I am fair. I am living right now in cold conditions because electricity has gone off the hook
Nurse: And, well, that's gonna definitely cause the white patchiness, like on your skin. Um, if it, if, if you're not getting enough, you know, if, if your, if your hands are, are, um, getting those blotchiness on it, it's usually that your, your blood vessels are contracting and your, your hands aren't, you know, getting
Patient: A [PHI-Account] between [PHI-Account] right. You know, as soon soon electricity is gonna be 14. Yeah, you're telling me I'm at 8.4 in, in February. It's gonna be going up to 14. I mean, and, and it's gonna be major financial stress on me.
Nurse: Craziness. That is craziness. You think they would, ah, they would, they would, they're, they're increasing all these people's, um, you know what they get in their Medicare and stuff this year but then they're not, they're not giving them any extra money. Yeah. You know, they're just,
Patient: Well, I'm, I'm gonna get an extra $157 a month, you know.
Nurse: Yeah. You know what that does, that puts you over the, over the limit to what you can make to get any assistance for heap, for, for other assistance programs for these people. Yeah. You know what I mean? So, this is really gonna screw people out in the long run actually.
Patient: Well, it could, I mean, I'm still gonna be eligible for the pace that in Pennsylvania for my medication, which has been a blessing for me because I'm on, I'm on Restasis and I, and I pay 45 45 [PHI-Personal] for three months instead of $600 a month.
Nurse: That's why, that, that cost
Patient: That much. I mean, that, that's why I don't wanna take more out of my, you know, retirement fund each month because if I go over 100 30 or $33,000 a year, I won't be eligible anymore. Mhm. Mhm. So, it's almost like I have to, I have to stay poor to stick, to keep my nose above water. Right.
Nurse: Right. Because if you make any more then you're gonna be even worse off. It's, it's really, it's really crappy. It really
Patient: Is. And eating well is not cheap. No, I hear you. The right stuff is not cheap.
Nurse: That's why there's so many overweight people because you can't afford to buy organic. You can't afford to go buy, buy good things. Gotta go and spend $2 on a double cheeseburger from mcdonald's. You know what I mean? You,
Patient: You know what, even fast food is ridiculous. It's ab, absolutely. Everything is, everything is going. There's
Nurse: No such thing as a
Patient: [PHI-Personal] hasn't been to mcdonald's lately.
Nurse: That's right. That's right. Um, they don't have no more dollar menu. 00, yeah. I just got an email. I won the Survivor Pool. That's
Patient: Awesome. What's the Survivor Pool for football through the
Nurse: Weekend? No, I made it, I made it 14 weeks picking the right team. That's awesome. I just won [PHI-Account] [PHI-Personal]. How much? [PHI-Account]
Patient: [PHI-Personal]? [PHI-Account]. Yes. Oh, good. Good for you. That's all. Well, it
Nurse: Would have been 500 but me and this other girl we tied and they don't wanna keep, we don't wanna keep going on for the, you know, over and over and over. We'd rather just split the 1st and 2nd place. So first place is [PHI-Geographic] place is 200. So we just decided to split it. So that's what we're gonna do. Awesome. Good for you. That is so cool. I'm so excited. Sorry, I didn't mean to do that to you. It just popped up on me. Oh, that's
Patient: Ok. I,
Nurse: I'm telling you what I'm like, I'm sitting here, I'm like, oh, I got my one daughter's Christmas all done. I got to really get to the other one. I'm so freaking, you know, just me being a single mom ta taking care of this big old house and the kids by myself, just like pinching pennies. It's been crazy. But, you know, I'm not even sure that I can even afford to even just keep this job. I might have to go get something else and, like, I don't know, I don't know what to do. I mean, I might just pick up on my days off, um, in a nursing home or something because I can make what I make here in a week and one day at a nursing home. Um, so it's just, it's just trying to, yeah. Well, nursing home is where, where, where the money is at. Really? Because you can work doubles and they're always short. Yeah. So I go through agency and I can make, I can make, like, 50 [PHI-Personal] an hour going through agency. You know what I mean? It's like, and we're, we're here. I don't even make, you know, I don't make half that. So,
Patient: The person as an, are you an RN or? No, I'm
Nurse: An LP N.
Patient: You're an L PM and you can get 50 [PHI-Personal] an hour through an agency. Yeah. That, that doesn't surprise me. I, I mean, I remember what the waiver used to pay and, uh, you know, through [PHI-Personal] for nurse and, and our ends, boy, they got big [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. Yeah.
Nurse: For, oh, yeah, our end they're getting even a
Patient: Waiver. [PHI-Personal] doesn't pay well.
Nurse: Right. Oh, no, not that, that's, you know, that's why it's so much at nursing homes because they're getting so much money for these people being in a nursing home, you know, that they can afford to pay that and because they're so short, that's why, um, and, but not to say that you're not working your ass off when you go in there because they're so short. So you're earning them money. You, I tell you that you're doing nurse work, you're doing aid work, you're doing everything, you know. So it's not like you can just go in there and screw up.
Patient: But I see a couple people on my mom's running around. It. It's
Nurse: Insane. It's insane. They
Patient: Definitely, uh, keep busy. So,
Nurse: Anyway, that's for sure. Well, anyways I'm gonna go, go at, um, uh, you know, the doc with this and then I'll give you a call back as soon as he gives me a response. But I, I mean, I don't think this is anything that needs to be. You need to come in for anything I don't think. But, um, I'll just, I'll just get what he wants to do.
Patient: Some kind of syndrome going on here. I, and, and it's, it, it just is a mystery to me. I just, I just don't feel right.
Nurse: I know. I wish I could see you and assess you myself but, you know, I, I can't, so, so we'll see what he says. I mean, he, when he saw you the last time he saw what was going on. Right. Did you have it at that time in the office?
Patient: Well, I think I just mentioned to him, well, the last time when I had the, the televisit with him, oh, it was a video visit? Ok. I told him that I felt that the, the facial stuff or that the, the headaches and the, uh, flushing was kind of reduced and sometimes it is worse. I mean, I can feel it right now. I have a very, very mild headache. I mean, I get migraine headaches. I get cluster migraine headaches. So I know what a headache is but, uh, it's just very mild and I have this flushed feeling in my face and I, you know, I don't typically have that. I have that when I exercise heavily in the summer time, I'm a redhead, you know, I come back and I'm beat red but it disappears. Right. You know, it's just, uh, it, that, so I know your 15 minutes is about up here and I don't wanna, I, no, I, no, I wanna
Nurse: Be able to keep it going and, and get this, uh, get this taken care of. So, yeah, let, let me get off here, go back to him with this and then I'm, I'm typing it up right now to, to talk to him. So I'll call you back. I don't know if it'll, it should be today. He should get back to
Patient: Me, but it's ok. It's no rush. I mean, I'm not gonna, I don't think I'm gonna die in my sleep. I did, I did finish the course of, of Doxycycline or whatever it was. And that, and that really did seem to knock out that, uh, infection or whatever.
Nurse: Well, and, and while you're doing the Doxycycline did, um, did you continue to have that facial flushing and the redness? Yeah. Ok. So that, it's probably not [PHI-Personal] because that is a, I, I think that's one of the treatments or maybe it wasn't Doxy, what was it? Tetracycline? Doxycycline is one of the treatments. Uh. Oh, that's usually taken for 4 to 6 weeks, but longer courses may be necessary spots. Or
Patient: Maybe it was, I'm not sure, but I mean, I had this flushing before I even had the skin rash, body, skin rash. So
Nurse: Let me, you said, so the hands inside the knees, the, in the face,
Patient: Well, inside the knees is really bizarre. It's very, it's very light but it, it, it was more apparent when I first got, it almost looked like I had been, you know, like if you sleep with your hand in a certain place, like you sleep on your hand or something like that, you have a hand print and it looks like I had hand prints or finger prints on the inside of both knees. I know. Damn well, I wasn't sleeping, bent half of my hand between my, I, I sleep on my back always. Yeah. It was just, it was just weird. Everything that happened to me these days is
Nurse: Weird. Well, I'll let him know that you're real concerned with that and, you know, we want, you want, you wanna know what, you know, what can be there as far as,
Patient: Because I'd like to know what the hell might be wrong with you to try to get this fixed up if I can. So.
Nurse: Absolutely. And the only thing you're gonna be able to do is just [PHI-Personal] MD and just get, get more worked up, you know what I mean?
Patient: Well, I, and I'm not gonna do that, you know, I mean, but I mean I've done that enough in the past. I know what a lot of these symptoms mean, you know, I don't think I have, I don't, I have red palms but I don't think I have cirrhosis of the liver, you know what I mean?
Nurse: No, I hear you. So I just wanna, I just wanna go at him just so he doesn't forget about you so we can just keep seeing what's next to, to do with this. Ok. So I'm gonna call you back as soon as I figure it out. Ok?
Patient: Yeah, well take your time. Ok, bye. Alright thanks
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. Bye
Patient: Bye.
