Nurse: Good Morning Care Management. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Uh Yes. Uh my name is [PHI-Personal]. I got a call on my answering machine.
Nurse: Oh ok. Let's see. Yep, that was me. How are you? Alright, good. Yeah, I was reaching out to provide you with information on the care management program. The doctor is providing uh you have a couple minutes. I can go over that with you today. All right, perfect. So I just wanna let you know the line is recorded for training and quality purposes. Mhm. So what they're doing is uh the doctors would like to provide you with your own dedicated nurse where she'll just call and check in with you in between office visits and she'll be there to answer and discuss um any issues or concerns that you might have been having in between. Uh She does also help with medication refills. She can go over any lab results with you and any community resources that you may be interested in as well. So basically anything that is pertaining to your health, your nurse is uh will be an added resource for you. Um And more importantly, it does keep your doctor updated with your current conditions and anything that may change. Just so this way, they're all aware of anything that does go on. So this way they can better manage your health. Ok. Um It is also covered by all Medicare insurances and what they do is they treat it like a regular office visit. Um So it is a billable service to all Medicare um Medicare Advantage plans and any secondary insurance carriers and may also be subject to a deductible or copay if you were to have to pay any of that, uh, with those appointments. And then, um, your nurse can reach out on a monthly basis or every couple of months. And then you also do have the option of opting out of that program at any time as well. Would you like a nurse to reach out to you in between those appointments?
Patient: Oh, well, well, you'll probably can that we can get it a try.
Nurse: Ok. And then [PHI-Personal], what works better for you, morning or afternoon?
Patient: Well, not necessarily sometime. I don't be in the morning some time. I don't be in the afternoon. It'll probably be in the afternoon.
Nurse: Ok. All right. And then, uh, now that I have you set up since you'll have the same nurse with each phone call, what she likes to do is she will give you that first initial phone call next week and she does that. So this way she can introduce herself to you. So you'll get to know who your nurse is and then she's also gonna provide you with her direct contact number as well. Ok. All right. Um and then I'm also gonna send you a copy of what I went over so I wanna make sure I have your correct address here. I have [PHI-Geographic]. Yes. Alright, perfect [PHI-Personal] you were all set.
Patient: All right. Thank you all. Alright
Nurse: You're very welcome and I hope you enjoy the rest of your day and have a great weekend. Yeah, you too. Thank you. Ok bye bye.
Patient: Mhm.
