Nurse: This is [PHI-Personal] nurse care manager with [PHI-Geographic].
Patient: Hi. Yes. Did you call? Uh, yes, I, I had, I had was in the other room. The house was pretty good. I didn't take the phone, so I, here I am.
Nurse: Hey, there you are. So, yeah, I was just, I wanted, um, just to check on you, of course, since, you know, you had a lot of stuff going on, but I did want to make sure that you got those letters from me about the Ortho and then the letter from Cardio as well. They were supposed to send you one with addresses and
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. Yeah, I had received the one from my, uh, I'm glad I'm just gonna go to her because I had her before she has all my records. So it's a little bit far. So almost in [PHI-Geographic]. But,
Nurse: Uh, I, I, when was that? Because I had spoke to her, we, me and her were on the phone for like 11 minutes with each other. But that's the one on, let me see. The drive in [PHI-Geographic] [PHI-Account]
Patient: [PHI-Account]. I think that's what it is. Yes, you gave me the letter with [PHI-Personal] and I appreciate that. Now, what I did what I did with, uh, the orthopedic II, I will cancel that out because they told me I have to get records from the hospital, a video and something else. And I thought, no, all I wanted a second opinion is that I was afraid when I fell that the knee, that the knee because they didn't take that x-ray. And I thought, no, this goes all back to, you know, uh, personally, uh, yeah, we have personality conflict. Uh, when did you cancel it? Um, uh, just the other day. Let's see. I was in to see doctor you go with on Thursday. I guess it was Thursday. I canceled it.
Nurse: Ok, you doctor your quit knows you were gonna cancel.
Patient: Yeah, I told him I didn't explain everything to him. I said I'm just gonna cancel it this time and wait to see if the kneecap gets better. And, uh, so that's all I needed was. I thought I would just need to go see a doctor and take an x-ray and he could say yes, you know, or didn't, I didn't want to get records and all that with doctor, you know, the surgeon, you know, it's just not right. That's just not right. Did it, did it feel better? It's getting there? But like I said, the doctor you go with, I'll wait another month or so. Uh, because it's this knee that the second one that he operated on. This is, this is, this wasn't like the first one this just gave me so much trouble, but it's getting better. But I have 111 bone that goes up into my side that I have problems with and sometimes my knees feel tight, you know. But I, I walk, I do. I've been in therapy. Well, both of my knees and then the one came in for the pelvic. He says, you do wonderful. I says, well, I'm going in another eight weeks. I mean, like, how many weeks have I been in therapy and the doing the work, you know, knowing the stretch of the leg and I want, I just wanna feel good and hopefully, maybe I will hunt. And II, I told doctor you go with, I really appreciate this help that you give. I like this. I says, I almost feel special. I said they're so sweet. The girls are so helpful, so nice. And like my son got, and he came in and said, they're calling you and I, I just came in, I had it. I'm getting a specimen of my, uh, urine and I have, they're gonna do that. They're gonna be doing, uh,
Nurse: Yeah, for the, um, a urine gap.
Patient: Yeah, I've been trying to take it back to them and it's always been closed. So to this morning I got there early and picked it up. So I'm gonna drop it off to on that. But other than that. Um, yeah, I'm, I'm, other than that, everything's fine, hon, I'm just
Nurse: Making me a note here so I can keep myself
Patient: Up to date. Yeah. Go ahead.
Nurse: Um, and I see what he said. Um, possibly consider treatment for overactive bladder or
Patient: Cystitis. Yes, that's it. Yeah. Well, maybe, and I'm, yeah, because I went to take it. I didn't get them enough when I was in there. So they wanted me to, then every time I went there they were closed, they were closed at Thursday. Yeah. Yeah, they closed. So I had to do the weekend with work, you know. So I said I did this first thing this morning and I will take it to them. Uh, I'm taking, what I'm doing is taking all my pills and high BP, all the pills in, in, in the, and so some of that should, there's some, something's wrong. Maybe we can find out, got you and
Nurse: They, they went over how to do a clean catch. Right? Yeah. Ok. Because, you know, as females front to back and then you pee some and then you catch some mid stream and then the lid label. Yeah. And I'm guessing they provided everything for you. Huh? The sterile cup. And like, did they give you some wipes or anything? No. No. Did they give you a bag to put
Patient: It in? Oh, I'll put all that in. I'll wrap it. I'll wrap it up in. The in, uh, the bottle itself and then I stick it in a plastic bag and, uh, yeah, I'll take it and make sure everything's nice and clean there.
Nurse: Cool. Yeah, I'll send them a message too and let him know you'll be coming in this afternoon to drop it off just so they're aware.
Patient: Yeah. Ok. That sounds good.
Nurse: So perfect. I'll do all this and I'll get you updated, you know. Of course, if you need me, give me a call, you know, and I will, we'll catch up when we figure out, I guess what the urinalysis
Patient: Is. Yes.
Nurse: All right. Well, you be be safe and when you get ready for that Ortho referral, let me know
Patient: I will and thank you very much. Yes,
Nurse: Ma'am.
Patient: Bye bye bye bye.
