Nurse: Hello, this is, how may I help you?
Patient: Yes, this is [PHI-Personal] and somebody had called and said about from the family practice said about they had some programing. Well, I called them to make sure
Nurse: That was me. You called the right person.
Patient: Ok, because I don't trust people anymore. You're good. No worries. So. Ok, so what's going on now?
Nurse: Yeah, so I just wanna let you know this call is being recorded for quality purposes. But the reason for the call today is Doctor [PHI-Personal] has a new care management and behavioral health program which she is providing. Basically, it's just a call from a nurse to help answer any questions, refill prescriptions, chat about previous or future visits, discuss any new issues going on and things of that nature. This is a program in which you were qualified for which allows you to maintain peak health by having this nurse contact. You. All of these calls are documented and sent to Doctor [PHI-Personal] for review and are treated as billable services to Medicare, Medicare Advantage plans and secondary insurance carriers and may be subject to deductibles your copay and coinsurance. Now, I do see you have the Medicare and the Aetna Senior products, uh, insurance. Is that correct? Yes. Is there typically a copay, uh, with the, with the Aetna Senior products? Do you know if there is one? No, there is awesome. Great. Just wanna let you know, you also have a $0 co pay for this program, which is great news. Is, is there a time of day that works best for the nurse to give you a call morning or afternoon?
Patient: Uh, it, yeah, it doesn't matter. Morning is fine. Yeah.
Nurse: Awesome. I do also wanna mail you some information about the program which kind of explains everything in more detail. I have the A, I have the address at [PHI-Geographic]. Is that correct in Burwick? Awesome, great. Well, I will mail the information to you if you have any questions, please feel free to call us back. Ok.
Patient: Ok. And if, but if you need the doctor, he'll, you can still go to him or? Yes. Yes. Ok. Yes.
Nurse: Ok. Awesome. Bye. Thank you so much for your time. I greatly appreciate it.
Patient: Ok. Thank you. Have a good day. Yeah, you as well. Bye bye.
