Nurse: Yeah.
Patient: Hey, [PHI-Personal], it's [PHI-Personal]. How you doing? Hi,
Nurse: How are you?
Patient: Good. Good, good,
Nurse: Good. Yeah, I was calling you for two reasons. Ok. Ok. I, I found out that, um, I had food poisoning. I didn't know until they told me that other people had gotten it. I was really, I thought the case of the flu or stomach virus. But, uh, when they saw me, they said, did you get sick from that fish? And I said I was, I was really, really sick. I was just, just about to go to the emergency room and I was still holding off thinking it was a virus. But anyway, also my heart doctor and, um, I have a, uh, a lo recorder in my chest, the battery actually dead or dying. They said it wouldn't last, probably until, like the end of this month. So they had scheduled me for the 12th to do a procedure to take, to take out the, um, the loop recorder and then in place, put in a new loop recorder. Uh huh. So I, after questioning the fact about that I told them, I said, why are you gonna put a new loop recorder in when you said I was ok on my last visit and he asked to speak to, but his secretary on and she mentioned AFIB, right? And doctor called me back up and he says you don't have a fi and you don't have to get another loop recorder in, in implant. We would just to remove the old one. He says, because your issue is a BP issue, you know. You know. So here they called me back and they canceled the whole thing out just like that, no explanation other than doctor was canceled everything out. So what happens with this loop recorder? I have in my chest that the battery is no longer in good.
Patient: Honestly, I, I don't know, I, I don't know what to tell you for that off the top of my head. Um, she is asymptomatic. Hold off on loop change. I'm comfortable with that. We can cancel the procedure, spoke to cancel patients, made aware of cancellation. I mean, so yeah, he just canceled it. He just said, ok, that's cool. You know, we'll, we'll cancel it.
Nurse: How about they told me the battery? You know, is it, it is dying. It's like it didn't even have enough probably for this month. So what happens? That battery sits there?
Patient: It possibly, um, they might leave it in and it's not gonna bother you. You know, it'll never be a problem, you know, because that's just in there or they may want to schedule a procedure later on to just take it out completely. Um, but there's a chance it could just stay there. Uh, it depends on what, what, what it could, you know, if it could cause any issues or not. There's a lot of, uh, medical equipment that won't cause any problems. You know, it just stays in there. Like I have two clips in my breast from where they took biopsies to mark where the biopsies were. You know, they're metal clips and they've just been there for years and years. Um, you know, there's also clips like when they took my gallbladder and removed that, they put clips there could mark where, you know, what parts they removed and stuff that's been there forever. Um I'm not familiar enough because I didn't specialize in cardiology. So I don't know much about the different uh, devices and how they can stay in the body. That kind of stuff. I know what they are. I know what they do but I don't know, you know, past that. So I would say I would recommend you call doctor s [PHI-Personal] and ask them that specifically, ask for, you know, a call back and, and ask that specifically like, ok, we canceled this loop procedure. What is gonna happen with the loop that I have implanted and that the batteries are dying? Does it just stay there? Is it safe for that or does something need to be done? Down the road, I would just call them and ask them that specifically.
Nurse: Yeah, I'm gonna call them because my machine is, is going off and it's a different color now. So I just like if the battery is dead, I don't know. So I'm a little concerned about that. So, um, other than that you can go on and speak with me without any anything. Did you notice that I called you or you were just calling me?
Patient: I, I know you called me. I saw that you called me. There was a voicemail but there was nothing left on it. It was just quiet. So I just wanted to make sure you weren't having an emergency or something.
Nurse: Thank you. Thank you so much. No, I, I was gonna call you back um at that moment I, I had to use the restroom. Oh, that's fine. So um I didn't get to hang up on, you know, real fast.
Patient: Yeah, not a problem. That's, that's what I, you know, I'll always check in on you if you leave a message with no voice mail, I'll always give you a call real quick just to make sure nothing's going on.
Nurse: Ok? All right. So I, I'm gonna reach out to the team, the heart team with over and see what they, you know what they say and um what they feel that those should be done and done. Perfect. Yeah, other than that, other than that um you know, just getting to be myself, you know, from that food poisoning. Yeah,
Patient: But drink plenty of fluids, make sure, you know, you're drinking plenty of fluids if your stomach is still upset, you know, bananas, rice, apple sauce, toast. That's the best thing to start off with. Just kinda,
Nurse: And introduce foods. Who, who, who does doctor refer? I wanna, I wanna go for a colonoscopy. Um,
Patient: I don't know who, who specifically probably just G I at temple. I, I don't know if there's a specific like doctor that he typically refers to or she typically refers to. I'm sorry, I,
Nurse: I wanted to find out if there was a doctor for a temple to have it done. Mhm. Oh,
Patient: There absolutely is. Do you, do you want me to send a message over asking for an order for a colonoscopy?
Nurse: Yes, please. I would ask.
Patient: Absolutely. Yeah, I'll get an or uh message over to doctor Tran and once they respond I'll let you know and that way you can call and schedule it, I'll give you the number to schedule it for once that's all ordered.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. And also my neurologist um, that handles my MS. He's no longer seeing patients um, with insurance, everything's cash, which I can't afford so to see if I could find a neurologist also. Um, just follow me with my, um, MS. Ok, because now, now I won't, I don't have a doctor because he won't see a doc anyone that has insurance people.
Patient: Ok. Well, I, I'm gonna, I'll add that to the note of the colonoscopy, uh, about a referral to a new neurologist because of that too. That way we can get, we'll kill two birds with one stone. We'll, we'll take care of both of those things for you. Ok. Ok.
Nurse: I really appreciate it.
Patient: Oh, absolutely not a problem whatsoever, honey. You know, if you need me, you just pick up that phone and you give me a call and if I can't help you, I'll send you to who can?
Nurse: Ok, honey, thank you
Patient: So much. All right, you're welcome. Hey, you get on the phone though and call doctor [PHI-Personal]. Ok, I'll take care of the other two things. You call the cardiology. I'm gonna
Nurse: Call him now. Ok,
Patient: Perfect. All right, honey, have a great day. You
Nurse: Too. You take care yourself.
Patient: Thanks. Oh I will. You too. Bye
Nurse: Bye bye.
