Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal] with the care management team. How can I help you?
Patient: Uh, this is returning your call. Oh,
Nurse: Thank you for getting back to me, [PHI-Personal]. How are you doing today?
Patient: Oh, I'm hanging in there. Ok.
Nurse: Uh, well, I appreciate you getting back to me. Uh, I wanted to go over information with you about the program that Doctor [PHI-Personal] is offering. Do you have a couple of minutes now?
Patient: Ohh. Ok. All right. Yeah, I have a minute before they leave me. Ok.
Nurse: Uh, [PHI-Geographic], the call is recorded for quality purposes. Ok. Uh, it's a new care management program and behavior health program and that's just where our nurse is gonna call and check in with. You, see how you're doing in between office visits. Uh, she's gonna go over your full medical health with you answering any questions, addressing any issues or concerns that you might have. Uh, she'll also go over any medications that you're taking. Uh, she's gonna make sure that they're working the way that they should be and that your conditions aren't worsening. Um, or if you had questions about your medications or needed refills, uh, if you had questions that needed help with like appointments, labs, community resources. Those are things she would discuss with you during the call. Ok. Um I do wanna let you know [PHI-Geographic] that the care management programs and behavior health programs are both services to [PHI-Personal], uh [PHI-Personal] Advantage plans and secondary insurance carriers. Uh They're both subject to co insurances and deductibles and co payments. So when you have contact with your dedicated nurse, you may get a statement from the practice for these services. Um, now you do get to choose how often your nurse calls you. Uh, so if you'd like her to call you once a month or maybe once every three months or even just once a year, that's up to you. Um, I'm gonna mail you a letter to the program. It'll have your dedicated nurses contact information in there so you can call her too with any questions or concerns. Ok. Ok. Uh, would it be better for your nurse to call you in the mornings or in the afternoons?
Patient: Uh, mornings? Probably? Ok, early morning. I'm talking 10 o'clock morning. Ok.
Nurse: All right. And then I just wanna confirm your information we have is still the same. Uh, we have your mailing address still as five Mountain View Drive, Carlisle pa 17013. And your insurance still is Medicare and Hop. Ok, great. Then you're all set. Marylyn. I hope you have a great day and stay safe. Thank you. Oh, You're welcome. Thank you. Bye bye bye bye.
