Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal] again. How are you? Sorry to bother you. Hi, could be better. I'm having an issue. I have to have, um, an IV, um, central line port put in. Ok, for my treatment for next week. I just got the order, you know, with the approval and everything. And my doctor in [PHI-Geographic] said I could have it done down here. So she sent me the lab order. She told me to take it to the lab, but I don't know what lab to take it to, um, because they said I have to have it done. Uh, I don't know. That's all I know is and I called my gastroenterologist. They can do it but they can't do it until Thurs this Thursday. But I'm having my first treatment for the Ivig on Thursday. So I can't go and have an IV port put in because I'll be here all day, eight hours for that one first treatment. Ok. But I wanted it for the next because I'm gonna do 12 weeks of this and because I have, uh, a problem with my veins, um, I can't be poked and TED every week with, uh, you know, IV hook and so they wanted to put in a port and because they're gonna change my nurse for that next week. I didn't wanna have another nurse poking me and prod me that, I don't know. And then my regular nurse will come back. But I gotta find somewhere to get this port put in without having to go to the emergency room.
Nurse: Ok. All right. So they gave you orders to have a port placed but, but they're not able to do it until next week. Is that what what you're saying?
Patient: No, they're not able to do it until this in two days. But I'm having my first treatment in two days and I can't leave the house. So I have to find somebody else who can put the port in for next week. Ok. My next treatment is either on Wednesday or Friday of next week because it's once a week. Ah,
Nurse: Ok. So, but I'm, I'm confused by, by what you're needing. So you need the actual, the actual port that goes under the skin placed or you just need it
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. I, I need the, I don't have the port, I need the port put in the sent. Ok, let me read the order what it says. Yeah. Yeah. I, you know, otherwise I have to take fi five or six or eight hours to go up to, to have it done and then come back. It's like, it's a two hour drive there and then a couple hours over there and then two hours drive back home. So she said anybody can do it in Bowling Green. It shouldn't be an issue. I mean, we got three medical centers here and I can't find one place to do it. Just take it to the lab. I take it to the lab. The lab says, oh, that has to be done at the [PHI-Geographic] center. Surgery center says, oh, you can do it on the day. You're having your treatment. Yeah. My treatment on, at home
Nurse: Implanting a port unfortunately is not something that, that the lab or something is going, going to be able to do. It does have to be done at, at a surgical center or something of that nature.
Patient: Yeah. Ir central line port, bring all pages to the lab. So it says, uh, what else do you need? Oh, um, because it's, uh, because they, yeah, I have a, the, is, is a, is a, the, the, the, the, the has an auto, auto, auto immune component. And so they're doing these IV, with the, with the, whatever it's called. I don't know, Ivig infusions weekly per venous [PHI-Personal]. Yeah, that's what she has written.
Nurse: Ok. All right. So it's just a central line you need placed. Um, and you said the gastroenterologist said they could do it, but not until Thursday and you need it done either today or tomorrow. So, that you can have it first. No, no, no, no, I
Patient: Need it for next week. That's why they said, but Thursday was the, on this Thursday was the third, was the only day they had available. And that's the day I'm having my first treatment because the doctor prefers, I do the first treatment direct, I guess in the arm or wherever they find a vein. But after that, because I have such a problem with my veins. Um because like, even when I go to do the double red at the Red Cross in the past, they've had a problem because when they're trying to put the, put the, my platelets back in it pops the vessel and they just pump it in, under my skin and I end up getting really bruised and I have a, you know, sickness because that stuff has to be reabsorbed into my body. So, you know, to draw blood is not an issue most of the time, but to put in an IV, like when I have to have uh a, a test done or something is a problem because they, they're poking and prodding me everywhere to try to find an I VA place to put in an IV in my hand, in my wrist and my uh under my arm on the top of my arm just to find a vein where they can, you know, put an IV in so I can receive fluids during uh uh you know, like my co colonoscopy or an EGD because I have an EGD on the [PHI-Personal], I have to go up to four, but that means I'll have 43 or four treatments before I even go up there. And they're not gonna put the port in at the same time. They're doing an EGD with the Botox treatment. They're not gonna do that at the same time. I said, is there a way I can do it locally? And she said, yeah, just take the order to the lab. I was like, ok.
Nurse: Ok. All right. So, and it may be something that you will have to go to the hospital for, but let me call around and see if I can find anywhere that does it outpatient. Um, and I will, I will let you know as soon as I get some answers. Ok. So you
Patient: Think, uh, I might have to go to the, er, to have them put it in?
Nurse: Yeah, it's, it's possible. Like I said, none of the outpatient labs are gonna be able to do it. Those are phlebotomists. They can do a venipuncture that's superficial veins, but they can't do any kind of a central line placement at those, um, that does usually require either a doctor or a nurse practitioner to place that. Um, so I'm not sure if any, like I said, I'm not sure if any of the outpatient clinics will be able to get it done or if we'll just have to get you in, um, to the, er, to have it placed. But let me make some calls and see what I can find out. All right.
Patient: And it can't be done at like urgent care either. So it have to be, er. Right. Right. Because I know there's outpatient [PHI-Geographic] over there, but I didn't know which doctor to call. So I figured I'd better off if I call you, you'll know you'll be able to find out more than I will because if I had to call doctor office, I'll be put on the message and I, I won't know anything until next week. That's why I'm happy to have you available. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah, absolutely. I really
Patient: Appreciate it.
Nurse: Of course, like I said, let me make some calls and I will give you a call back here a little bit later on today. Once, once I get an idea of maybe where we can try to get you in. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Thanks [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Yeah, you bet. All right, I'll talk to you here again soon. Bye bye. Alright, bye bye.
