Nurse: This is,
Patient: Hi, this is, excuse me. My mouth is good. Oh, that's ok. How are you? I'm having a horrible day. Oh,
Nurse: Goodness. I'm so sorry. What's go, is it anything I can
Patient: Help you with or? No, I think I got it. I think I've got most of it taken care of. It's just, I've been kind of chasing my tail all day. You know, I had [PHI-Personal] of those days. Oh, yeah. And have, and have accomplished nothing. So, yeah, I have, I have to, I have to, uh, get so busy and do something this afternoon. So, anyway, um, uh, explain to me what, what you've been calling me about. Ok.
Nurse: Yeah. Um, so I'm a nurse, case manager. I work with s office and it looks like it's been a little bit, let's see. Maybe the end of June, you enrolled in the care management program. This is just that introductory call. I'm just introducing myself as your assigned care manager talking to you a little bit about the program. And if you have time, I like to, on the first phone call, um, go over your medications.
Patient: That would be ok. Just a minute. So I get a hold of them. Uh, now, now, you know, doctor leaving.
Nurse: Uh, and yes, ma'am. Are you planning on staying with the office or?
Patient: I'm, I'm planning on, on going to doctor, what's her name? What's her name? No, the other [PHI-Personal]? 00, you say? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um, yeah. What
Nurse: Birth email? But just so. Yeah. Mhm. I also work with Doctor [PHI-Personal] patients. I work with that office in general.
Patient: Ok. Um, my birth date is 22, 1933. Ok.
Nurse: I have a few friends. I have a, that was born [PHI-Personal]. Um, let's see here. Ok. So about the program, basically what, um, I do is I can help you with labs, refills appointments, any questions or concerns you have about your medications or your health in general if you wake up and you have some symptoms and you're just not sure. Like, should I have an appointment? Should I go to the urgent care? The, er, I'm here Monday through Friday from 8 to 4 30 you can call me? Ok.
Patient: Ok. Um, before we get started, can you tell me why nobody in doctor s office has been answering the, the, uh, my chart for the LA for this month? I,
Nurse: I personally cannot, I'm not actually in the office.
Patient: Yeah. Ok. I don't know what's going on. But anyway, I know in previous, any time I would put, uh, something on my chart, I usually had a response in, you know, two or three days. Um, I've just had several this month and haven't had a response to any of them. So I didn't know if they just stopped doing it or what. But, um, my chart is very handy and I like it. So I hope they haven't, aren't disbanding it. I don't think they are. I, when I go to, uh, when I go to Wisconsin on Monday, I will be 15 miles from Epic headquarters. So if anybody's got a problem, I go over there, we'll see you over
Nurse: There, won't we? Alright, let's see. Um, let's see. I'm just trying to look at some of the messages to see.
Patient: Well, when I had had a problem with uh, with uh a re a reorder on the medication and I just, I just got that taken care of. I went over there because trying to get through on the telephone is ridiculous. So I'm close enough that I can drive over there. And um, and uh Elba, the nursing uh medical assistant helped me get it straightened out. It was, ended up being Walgreens problem, not there. So I guess we got it straightened out and then the other [PHI-Personal], she's going to put a, a request in to doctor um um [PHI-Personal] for me, I forgot to check before I had seen him the last time that my Ciprofloxacin was uh outdated and I used the last of it when I went to the dentist and so that's, uh, she's gonna see that that's reordered. So that was really what I was after pressing at the moment anyway. And I did, I did, did see an endocrinologist. Ok. And, uh, got that all taken care of. So I should be hopefully in ok shape. Oh, yeah. And my, my appointment for [PHI-Personal] with doctor, um, [PHI-Personal] got canceled on their part, they canceled it and then, uh, I get to see him the next time. [PHI-Personal]. Oh, goodness. What in the world is going on with these appointments these days? It's just crazy.
Nurse: Now, I have seen a lot with, um, that cardiology group there at us. S, I've had a lot of patients, I think they're doing some, uh, changes with maybe some providers are leaving or they're getting new providers and I'm not exactly sure what's going on, but a lot of my patients have had that, uh, going on as well.
Patient: Well, I know my daughter ha, uh, she's a patient of Doctor [PHI-Personal] and she had a heart attack in [PHI-Personal] and of course, you know, when you leave the hospital they say, you know, contact your physician, you know, in five days, what a joke that is, you know, I don't know why they think that's gonna happen, but you try and her doctor wasn't available. So she did see Doctor [PHI-Personal] and for that hospital follow up call and then she wanted to see a cardiologist because she wasn't, she was not satisfied really with the response she got from the cardiologist who did her, um, catheterization when she was in the hospital and she couldn't get an appointment. Well, that was [PHI-Personal] she had an appointment last week? Oh, and then, and then the response of the doctor was, well, you know, we can't really do any more testing on you because it's too late now. And she said that's not my fault. I tried to get in to see you, you know, and, uh, he also was not very nice to her, which I'm gonna take up with doctor with Doctor [PHI-Personal]. I could not believe it. I could not believe what he said to her. And he said to, he said to my daughter in a very nas nasty tone of voice. Doctors don't like it when patients ask questions. And the reason she wanted to see him is because of his credentials online and everything. And she had the, uh, cardiac cath and there was nothing, nothing in her veins, you know, in any of her vessels. So they don't really know why she had a heart attack and she wants to know why or some more information as to what happened. Why did she have a heart attack? And what should she do to prevent another [PHI-Personal]? And all the response she seems to get is like a pat on the head and say, well, aren't you lucky? That you don't have any plaque. She said yes. But I wanna know why I had the heart attack but she was, she was quite put off and I do, uh, commend her for holding her tongue. She said it was all I could do mom to keep my voice level. But she's a former teacher so she knows how to do that. Um, she said because that would not get her anywhere. But I thought, I thought we were past those days for God's sake. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. I hate, she had to do
Patient: With that. That's awful. Well, I hate it too because I'm a nurse and I taught my kids when you go to the doctor you have a list of questions what you wanna find out that day and you get them answered before you leave. So I felt badly for her too. And I thought that's, that's a horrible thing to say the sign. And then he, because she said something, well, my research has shown and he said, oh, he said, yeah, you were on Google. She said doctor, I was looking up medical research
Nurse: And this is Doctor [PHI-Personal].
Patient: No, it wasn't. Doctor [PHI-Personal]. It was, uh, starts with an s they say, oh, yeah,
Nurse: I heard I've heard of him before. I don't really know a whole lot about him. But, yeah,
Patient: Well, he looks good on paper. He's not so good, not so good in person apparently. Or maybe he was having a bad day. But, uh, but none, the way that they need to get it together over there or they gonna lose more patient, you know. That's kind of, kind of bad anyway, that's nothing to do with what we, what you wanna know. So, anyway, I'm sorry for blabbing on. But that's, it's very, that's very worrisome. I mean, I'm [PHI-Personal] years old. I've been around the horn a few times and I've seen doctors like this and I thought we were past that for god's sake, you know. But that's not. Hm,
Nurse: I'm so sorry. I hate that. That, that's happened. So, um, yes, let's see. Uh, just looking at your chart here, I've got Walgreens in [PHI-Geographic]. Is your preferred pharmacy, correct. Correct. Ok. And how do you keep up with your medicines? Just a, uh, a list or do you have like, medication? Just the pill bottles or a PO box?
Patient: Yes. Yeah. But I, oh, wait a minute, I'm sorry, what was your question?
Nurse: I'm sorry, like keeping up with your medications. Do you use like a pill box or do you just keep a list or do you have, just go by the, the bottle, the labels on the bottle?
Patient: Oh, I, I go by the labels on the bottles. I know which ones they are and, uh, I put my pills up for a week at a time and that's the way I take them. Yeah. Ok. I mean, I have them in a, I have them in a container and the prescription drugs are in the smaller container within that. And then the non, the non prescription drugs or medications are also in there. And, uh, that's how I put them up. I've put up so many medicines in my life that I got. Yeah. Ok. Let's see.
Nurse: I have, I'm sorry, go ahead.
Patient: No, I didn't say anything. Oh,
Nurse: Ok. Would it be easier for you to go through your list and to, to check off on my end or me to go off my list and you?
Patient: Oh, go ahead. You go ahead and I, I don't have mine in front of me right at the moment, but I think I pretty much know them by heart. So, go ahead.
Nurse: Ok. I have Aspirin 81 daily. Yes. Ok. I have atorvastatin [PHI-Account] mg daily. Yes. Uh, do you still take the Tessalon Perles? The ate? I can never say that when
Patient: I have a, whenever I have a bad, a, a bad cough and that very seldom. So when I live in [PHI-Geographic], that hardly ever happens, but sometimes it does. And that seems to be the only thing that really takes care of it. Ok. I, so I do not have, I do not have a cough and I noticed I did not, this is nothing to do with medicine, but I did notice the, uh, other day I was looking at, um, [PHI-Personal] of Doctor [PHI-Personal] reports and it was something about, um, headache on there. I don't have headaches. I had a headache in [PHI-Personal] when I, before they diagnosed me, diagnosed me with visual hallucinations, which is part of that. So, I, I don't have headaches ever. That was why it was such a strange thing. That was, that was how it started. Are, are you familiar with the visual hallucinations with a MD?
Nurse: Um, a little bit. Yeah, I was, I'm just trying to read over some here with your chart to see.
Patient: So that's, that's an error. I don't have headaches. Uh That was just, that was so rare because if I have [PHI-Personal] little minor little headache a year, it's a big thing, you know. But, uh, but this was, this was, I had it for like a day and a half and then I started the visual hallucinations and the, the headaches went away, but the hallucinations lasted a while. I didn't know what they were. Scared me to death though. What the heck is happening now? I mean, I'm sure until I got to, um, until I got to the neurologist and within three minutes he took the pad that I had on my lap and wrote on there, he said this is what you've got. And I, he said it's only been diagnosed 250 years ago, but the majority of the doctors don't know anything about it for some reason. It's news to them. Every, because every doctor I saw after that and I was with [PHI-Personal] of my friends with her doctors. They never heard of it. I said, well, I know you were having a nap that day during lecture. You missed it. Uh, but anyway, I don't have those anymore either. That was just, that was just [PHI-Personal]. Ok,
Nurse: Bad time. And then I have vitamin D 3 1000 units daily.
Patient: Well, I've been taking 2000 daily and I see that my vitamin D level is going down and I checked it and the last three tests it's, it's been going down each time. So I might increase that to 3000. I don't know. I, when I first started taking vitamin D was probably, hm, let me see. We did down here nine years. So it's probably about 12, 13 years ago when I was seeing a nurse practitioner in a OBGYN office and I had just been reading about vitamin D three and I was talking with her about it and they, they ran a test and it was very, very low and I was on extremely high doses for a period of time to get it back up. So I'm not sure if there's any reason for that. I don't go in the sun much because I get skin cancer. So, um, I exercise but it's inside down here.
Nurse: Let's see what else we have here. Um, I have CO Q 10 100 mg. Daily.
Patient: Yes. OK. It's not it I take now. OK. In place of that, in place of that
Nurse: Doxazosin or Cardura [PHI-Personal] mg two times daily. Correct hydrALAZINE. 25 mg every 12 hours.
Patient: Correct
Nurse: Hctz or hydrochlorothiazide 12.5 mg daily daily. OK. Synthroid or levothyroxine uh 88 micrograms daily. Yes. Losartan 25 mg two times daily.
Patient: Yes. Uh it looks like
Nurse: A let's see uh 40 mg the uh uh daily. Uh let's see here. Magnesium oxide, 500 mg twice daily. Metoprolol, 25 mg twice daily.
Patient: Yes.
Nurse: Like you take a potassium uh 99 mg tablet daily.
Patient: Yes.
Nurse: Valsartan wrong way. Uh 40 mg daily. Yes. Vitamin C 500 mg daily.
Patient: Yes. A
Nurse: Natural NRA for the A MD Daily. Yes. Yes. And uh um the press vision, the two or s two daily or two times a day, two tablets daily. Ok. Did I leave anything off?
Patient: Hm. Well, just a minute, I'll bring it up on my computer. I'm sitting right here could have been doing that while we were talking. Um Do you have any, any clue is if there should be any kind of concern about that vitamin D that I just noticed that. So I haven't said anything to anybody about that. Let's see. What is
Nurse: That was last checked in [PHI-Personal]?
Patient: Oh, come on. What's the matter of here there? Ok. Hm. Ok. I $[PHI-Personal]. Uh I do take um calcium, 600 mg uh with vitamin D 300 mg times two. And did you mention Cu guard 100 and 73 mg times [PHI-Personal]. That's another [PHI-Personal] for my eyes.
Nurse: Can you spell that [PHI-Personal] for me?
Patient: Capital M ac U Capital Guard. Ok. 100 and 73 mg times [PHI-Personal]. Um I've been taking selenium 100 micrograms times [PHI-Personal] and zinc 50 mg times [PHI-Personal]. OK. And then I premed uh Cipro 500 mg [PHI-Personal] hour before and 12 hours after procedure.
Nurse: It's for like dental procedures.
Patient: Yeah. And if I have surgery or something like that, which hopefully I'm not gonna have any surgery. But if I do, yeah,
Nurse: Let's see, actually. Um, so I'm looking at your, uh, vitamin D and it's showing vitamin D total. The value was 49. So it's in range. It's actually saying that's in optimal range greater than,
Patient: That's the last [PHI-Personal]. Was that the last time? Yeah,
Nurse: That's the last [PHI-Personal] that I have here. Uh, it was on July 16th, 2000
Patient: [PHI-Account]. No, that was, no, I had labs in, uh, oh, when was it?
Nurse: Uh, July 2022. July 16th.
Patient: Oh, ok. Ok. I must have misread that then. I was thinking that was all. Ok. All right. Scratch that.
Nurse: Do you need refills on any of your medications?
Patient: Well, I think I got it all taken care of now. I think so. Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. Well, um, I'm gonna be sending you a letter in the mail. It's gonna have my name, my telephone number a little bit kind of what we went over today with the program and it'll also have your wellness goals on there. Those are just any immunizations or screenings that Doctor [PHI-Personal] has, uh, recommended for the remainder of the year. Just take that, uh, look over that. It looks like I have you as a six month, uh, phone call every six months. Um If you decide that you feel like you need that more frequently, we can, I can call and check in every month or every three months, however you want, we can change that. Ok? And you can call me any time
Patient: The um my immunizations, I have had my um tw 2022 flu shot. Mhm. I had that the end of [PHI-Personal]. Well, not the this is the end of [PHI-Personal], is it? I guess I had it earlier in [PHI-Personal]. Um I'm not sure exactly what the date was kind of the middle of the month. I had it at Publix, the uh high dose [PHI-Personal]. Uh and then I had the DTAP in in doctor um [PHI-Personal] office. They should have that. That was the on [PHI-Personal] 4th
Nurse: Just when you um if it wasn't done in our office, if you have the documentation when you come in in December to see Doctor [PHI-Personal] on the [PHI-Personal], I would just uh bring that documentation so they can scan it in, they actually have to see the, um, the paper in order to update it appropriately.
Patient: Oh, ok. I think I have a paper. Yeah, I'm sure I do. Ok. All right.
Nurse: Do you have any questions or anything else I can help you with today?
Patient: No. Uh, so in the, in the future then instead of going on my chart to Doctor [PHI-Personal] or to Doctor [PHI-Personal], whether I would go to you, you can,
Nurse: You can give me a call. Mhm. Ok. For anything related to doctor s office or Doctor [PHI-Personal]? Yeah, you can give me a call, like I said Monday through Friday um from 8 to 4 30 I can try to help navigate anything for you. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Ok. All right. Sorry, I've been so challenging to get a hold of, but I, I'm busy. That's
Nurse: Ok. I understand that entirely. So you just uh you just let me know if you need anything. Ok. It was a pleasure meeting you
Patient: Today. Yes. Uh Yes. Uh Thank you very much and nice speaking with you and, and look forward to uh work to working with you that I think this is a, it's a great idea, especially as challenging as it is to try to get a hold of the doctor. Uh Great. Those days are gone forever, I guess, you know. Yeah, it is difficult
Nurse: To get a hold of those offices. They stay so busy. So,
Patient: Yeah, you, yeah. All
Nurse: Right. You have a good day.
Patient: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Bye bye.
