Nurse: Good morning. This is [PHI-Personal]. How may I help you?
Patient: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal]. Hi,
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. How are you?
Patient: One day at a time? Hanging in there. I can say, I don't know. Um, you know, I'm ok. I'm so far better morning today, but it's been rough.
Nurse: Yeah.
Patient: Yeah, it was quite a shock. Um, I, I don't know if you knew but she, she, um, she was fine at 12 30. She got me up 12 30 use the commode and then, and then not too much later she called me back in there and, um, what I didn't know at the time she was having a heart attack but she wasn't having the typical, she wasn't having the typical symptoms. Um, her BP was fine. All her vitals were normal, including her heart rate. Um, and, uh, but then as time went on and she wasn't feeling any better. I, and I was looking at my ipad, you know, to see if she had arm and neck pain, but I thought it was the way she was sleeping. And, um, you know, and I sat in her bed for about a half an hour. 40 10 minutes and just stayed with her. And, um, you know, and then I finally said, mom, I really think you need to be checked out. And, um, first time she said no, you know. You know, and because I told her, I said, why don't you roll on the other side and you can't get some sleep and blah, blah, blah, you know. But then I called 911 and they confirmed she was having a heart attack and it was like, oh my gosh, then she went, they took her, they weren't supposed to because she's ad nr they took her to um, and it's like why did they bring her here? She's ad nr but, you know, they were going to admit her and um this all happened like early morning like, you know, two o'clock in the morning, whatever. And uh, and uh anyway, uh as I'm sitting in my sister and I were sitting there in the hospital room at the foot of the bed around 7 30 in the morning, between 7 37 45 the tech came in to do an echocardiogram on her that the doctor had ordered. And uh it was like right in the middle of the echocardiogram and her, I fell off the side and she took eight more breaths and she was gone. Mhm. So she, I mean, she just let go right during the echo. So her body they couldn't do a stent or, you know, the catheterization because of her age or kidneys and, you know, the time they had gone by. So, um, they, you know, they were just giving her morphine and heparin and, um, yeah, it's, I never, I mean, that was the last way I thought that she would go. She has no history of cardiac but she's got the vascular changes. So, I don't know, it's just, I'm so, my head spinning right now and, um, the house is empty and, um, I was getting so burned out and she was getting so distressed because she could see that much. And so, I mean, it's a blessing for her. It's a blessing for me. She died the day before her birthday. Mhm. Oh, my goodness. We had celebrated her birthday the day before we got cake and celebrated. So that was good. But, um, yeah, um, I'm trying to get, yesterday. I signed on to her up MC. Um, account because I've got a up MC account for both of us. So I can see test results yesterday. Of course, was such a busy day. I was going to, you know, the funeral home and the talk to the pastor and everything for the funeral. And, um, I, I saw the results were there and, uh, then I had a notification later last night, there was more, you know, there is another new test result and her accounts been locked. I did call up MC. Um, the, you know, for that, I don't know. Is there any way that doctor can get copies of everything or, you know, being heard that, you know, your office being that, that was the patient, I'm trying to get a copy of all that, not only for my records, but just because I'm interested, um, I know the cardiologist had said it was, you know, it was rare. Um, apparently, and I don't know, I, I was, believe me, I wasn't capable of obtaining any information that, that time, but they said that usually when people have a heart attack it affects a certain part of the heart, but hers was a different part of the heart and I don't know, they said it was the upper shape or something but it, it was a different part of the heart that was affected by hers and it was, I just was interested in, you know, knowing that information and, um, and getting copies of, like, you know, I'm curious to know, you know, really what I mean? What? Yeah.
Nurse: Anything that you want. Yeah. The, anything that you want, um, from the hospital has to be released through the hospital. Ok. Yeah.
Patient: But they, it being that I'm not her and she's passed away even though I'm her daughter and her caregiver and her po A,
Nurse: I think if you're the po A they
Patient: Should, so would I, I mean, you would just call,
Nurse: Yeah, you would just call and ask for medical records. Um, and then you would, um,
Patient: I mean, I can go to local if I was to go to WC A down here and bring a copy of the PO A, would I be able to get her records here in town? You know, because they, I mean, they're all on the same computer. Correct. Yes.
Nurse: And I am, I mean, yes, technically if they're all under the same up MC, um,
Patient: I mean, because it came across the up MC dot com yesterday, as I said, I started reading, you know, some of them, but I didn't get to the end because I was driving and I was at a stoplight. I don't know why I did it. But then when I tried to, you last night is when I settled down, you know, I, I went to open everything and it said too many attempts and account is locked call and then I called this morning they said, oh, it's locked because she passed away. Yeah, it's like, oh, darn, I wish I had, you know, opened them and made copies of them to read later. I never even thought that the account would be locked and I thought I'll just look at them, you know, because I just, when things settled down. But, you know, I, I,
Nurse: Yeah, if you call medical records, I'm sure that, you know, at least tell them that you're coming and that you wanna come to the WC, a hospital and, and get them. Um, I would think that they, especially if you have the, the po, a, like you and you're on there, um, they should release those records to you. Ok. Yeah, I don't see why not because that's, you know, you have all the paperwork there anyway. Um, and it should be on a, all of her files that, you know, like you're the, the emergency contact, the primary care provider or the primary, um,
Patient: That is all on the papers because they were calling me and I am, you know. Yeah, they have all that. Yeah. All right. I, so, so I should call him and then, and tell them I wanna pick it up locally.
Nurse: Mhm. And honestly I wouldn't, uh, don't even, yeah, I know, don't even mention about anything. Um, sometimes they're hesitant because they're like, oh, is there a reason why you want them? Like, are you trying to sue the hospital or something? Um, so like, um, just, you know, explain, explain, explain, explain, you know, like, just say, look at, I just wanted it for my own personal reasons and, you know, I, I really, you know, wanted to see what happened and
Patient: Yeah, the family, you know, I mean, I know that she was in the midst of a heart attack and obviously she needed a stent put in and she had vascular changes and she was a day away from being [PHI-Personal] you know, and, you know, I mean, there is no fault of theirs and they, you know, and they did offer, you know, when they all came in and when we're yelling for him to come in, they said, you know, I know she's a nr but you want us to, you know, you want us to do something and, you know, we said no, that's not her. So we let you know, I mean, they were willing, even since we were standing they're willing to do CPR but yeah you know without you know without the um catheterization it was that she didn't, you know she would have continued, it would have you know, you know and as I said, I mean, you know, God showed mercy and [PHI-Personal] upon her at that point and uh get the best birthday ever being in heaven with my dad. So
Nurse: Absolutely yeah
Patient: Yeah so all right but thank you for calling I appreciate it um very much and thank you for just being understanding with me through all this too and you know and appreciate it.
Nurse: Mhm. You got it you got it you take care. Ok. Alright bye bye bye.
