Patient: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: How may I help you? Uh, this is new and you just called? Hi.
Patient: Yeah. Hi [PHI-Personal]. Good morning. How are you doing today? Oh,
Nurse: Great. I finally I thought I'm going back to bed. Gotta get some sleep. I'm sorry, I'm sorry if I want. No, I need to get up. I've got things I wanna do. I
Patient: Got you. Ok. Well, um again, my name is [PHI-Personal]. I was just calling to um, introduce myself. Um I'm, I'm taking over your panel for the um for the care management program, care navigation. Um, so I just wanted to call you and introduce myself and kind of go over some stuff with you. Um, would now be a good time to do that.
Nurse: Yeah, I'll grab my key and head outside with this visit.
Patient: Ok, that sounds good. Um, can you just verify your date of birth for me?
Nurse: Uh [PHI-Personal]
Patient: Six. Awesome, perfect. Um, so again I'm I'm [PHI-Personal]. Um I'm gonna be doing your care navigation or chronic care management. Um, it looks like I have you on a frequency to call you monthly. Um, so just during those calls. I'm just gonna call and check in on you and make sure everything's going. Ok. Have
Nurse: A personal question to ask. Yep. And I'm [PHI-Personal] name that I became very acquainted with your replacement or the g you replaced. Mhm. Did she quit or? She had to take off? No.
Patient: Yeah. I think, I think she, um, I think she's still there. Um, they just, she's, I don't know if she's moving into a different role there or not.
Nurse: I thought, well, I know she lost her dad recently and was having trouble with her mom and, I mean, we, we visited as much as we talked, um, about what's going on with me. Oh, got
Patient: You. Yeah, I think, I think she still works there. Um, I think she just is going into a different role, so I'm not sure. Um, is that, what was that, what
Nurse: Was her name?
Patient: Um, was, was it [PHI-Personal] that you were talking with?
Nurse: Yes. [PHI-Personal]. That's, I'm pretty sure that, yeah, I don't know. Is it, what's the other name?
Patient: Um, there was, I think a [PHI-Personal] or a re,
Nurse: No, it was and then I just can't remember names. That's ok.
Patient: Yeah, it was probably [PHI-Personal] then. Um, she seems to have been there the longest, I believe so. Um, but yeah, so I'll, I'll be calling you monthly just to check in on you. Make sure nothing's changed. Um, if in between those calls something comes up, um, say you get sick, you need help getting a medication refill. Um You need help getting an appointment. You can always call me for that too. Um I use the same charting system as doctor [PHI-Personal] so we can send messages back and forth to him as needed. Um And then he can also review our notes and we can review his. Um So usually this first call, I just like to see if you're having anything, um, new issues going on today. I
Nurse: Am having an issue. Um, and I was, I had, I thought I had an appointment with [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Geographic] for my wellness check. So, but I got my [PHI-Personal] and [PHI-Personal] mixed up. So I didn't go [PHI-Personal] 28. I go [PHI-Personal] 28. 0, ok. Ok. In, in my stomach it's not a pain but it's, um, when I touch it, uh, down where the fat is, it's very, very tender. Ok. And, uh, uh, and it hasn't really bothered me until the last few evenings. Like, if I've got pants on that are tight and, you know, I down watch TV or something, uh, it starts bothering me. So I usually get up and put my, my pjs on. So I don't have that and I don't know, I've just put it off and put it off and I just wanna know what's going on. So I keep thinking I need to call pollen and get in.
Patient: Yeah. Um, are you having any, like, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, anything like that.
Nurse: No, no, none of that. It's just, uh, it's just a real, when I lay my hand on it, it's, I can, I can almost maybe double up my fist and lay it down there and that, and I catch it right now and it's just really tender and I can't imagine what, what it is. Ok.
Patient: And you don't remember any injury or anything to the area?
Nurse: No. Uh. Oh,
Patient: Ok. Um, are you noticing any bruising in the area at all or swelling? No
Nurse: Bruising? The only thing when I look in a mirror nude, uh, that side seems to be, uh, slightly swollen. It seems larger than the other side. Ok. But, you know, our, us swimming and our tummies. Yeah,
Patient: They like to swell and then go back to normal within hours. Um, so, um, with the swelling, when did you start to notice that?
Nurse: I would say I see. Probably, I'm, I'm guessing about five weeks,
Patient: Five weeks. Ok.
Nurse: I'm one of those that I don't jump into things. So I kinda, oh, it'll go away. It, yeah, but it's, it's just, it's just something I've never had before. I had my pancreas stopped working last [PHI-Personal] and they've got me regulated on Creon and some powder that I drink and that, that's going great right now. Uh, so,
Patient: Ok. Um, and no issues with like constipation at all.
Nurse: Uh, if I am, it's from the medicine that I'm on the powder that I, I can't pronounce it. It's a big long name. Ok. So the, uh, uh, and I think it kind of cause it's probably, it's probably its purpose because I was, I, the reason I went, because I had diarrhea for like eight weeks before I got diagnosed or what was going on. Oh, gosh. Ok. Oh, it was fun. And then I didn't wanna go anywhere and if I did go to town I wouldn't eat right. Right. So. Oh, my goodness. Ok. Um,
Patient: Yeah. And what side did you say it's on again? Left or? Right.
Nurse: It's on the left side, left side. Ok. So, I don't know. I think your pancreas is probably more toward the back. Yeah, I don't, you lower belly? Right. Yeah, it's lower. It's just right above the fold. Ok. You know where? I don't know. I know I have,
Patient: Yeah, I would, um, yeah, I would definitely recommend getting an appointment with them sooner [PHI-Personal] than [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal]. I know you're seeing, um, [PHI-Personal] that day. But, um, I would probably go in since this has been going on for quite a few weeks and you're having that swelling that you're noticing. Um, I would definitely, you know, I'd recommend maybe calling their office and seeing if they can get you in. Um, well, are you having any fever or anything?
Nurse: No fever, nothing else. That's probably why I just kinda put it aside. But it, and and if, I mean, I can go out and work it, it, it doesn't hurt, it's not a, not a pain. It's, it's when I, like, I'll lay in bed and, I mean, I probably mess, I try, I'm trying not to mess with it because, because it's tender but it's, it's kind of like, um, you've got something in your teeth, you can't leave it alone. Right. Right. Yeah. You know, it's there, you know, it's there and you're constantly messing with it, leave it alone and
Patient: Absolutely, yeah, I would, um, I would recommend giving their office a call and just see when they can get you in that way if they need to do any imaging or anything. Um, you know, they can get that done and then, you know, you have that appointment still on the [PHI-Personal] that if you needed to follow up with anything you still could. Um, so, yeah, so I would recommend giving them a call, um, and just seeing, you know, what they, you know, if they can get you in sooner than that, um, I'd still maybe keep that [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal] appointment again just in case you have to follow up. And you said that was for your Medicare Wellness. Right.
Nurse: Yes, that's my wellness.
Patient: Ok. Awesome. Yeah, I would, um, I would, I would just give them a call, see when you can get in, um, and then real quick just for a couple of housekeeping things. Are you still at [PHI-Geographic]?
Nurse: Yes, I wanna stay here as long as can.
Patient: And then you still have the [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Yes, I still have. I have, I have a new, I got a new insurance card in. Oh, I don't know when all this stuff was going on with my pancreas. I called and they got me at, uh, what's it called? It's, it's because I have diabetes, heart problems. What is it? And they've got this card and the man, he got it because when I do have to start buying my medicine, I can get it for $47 a month. The Creon and the other. But, um, I just got the other one and I messed up. I had a, um, a, a time there that I, I had, I, I started getting diarrhea again. So I called Doctor [PHI-Personal] office and they put me on two powders instead of one. Well, I didn't think about that when I called for my mail order and then I switched back to one by myself because I was getting too, like, too constipated and the one worked, it worked fine. But when I called, I didn't tell [PHI-Personal] office that I've gone back to one instead of two. So they double ordered that. So I got three boxes of this powder for 100 and well, I can't think right now, let's see. Instead of 90 days. Yeah, they gave me 90 days worth, but they gave it for two a day. Oh,
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: So I need to call and straighten that out in 90 days. I've got a note somewhere and not have him send me two more. Box two, you know, two more. Right. So I need it and should I wait or should I do that now?
Patient: Yeah, I mean, I would, I would just call them that way. You're not getting, you know, extra and then having to pay that amount just, just that way you're on the right track to have the amount that you're needing. Um, that way they know how much to send in since you're doing the one. but then I, again, I'd also recommend calling Doctor Ly's office and then if you have any issues getting in contact with Doctor Ly's office, um, just give me a call back and I can help you with that.
Nurse: Ok. I probably won't call until Wednesday because I've got a hair appointment tomorrow and. Oh, ok. Um, and I put things off, I, my schedule not there, so
Patient: That's ok. Well, um, again just, yeah, give them a call um, to get scheduled and then um, you know, if anything worsens, you have extreme pain, you develop fever, night sweats, chills, um, anything like that, you'll definitely wanna go to the er, um, but yeah, just give them a call Wednesday then and see when they can get you in and if you have any issues, feel free to give me a call back.
Nurse: Ok, I appreciate that.
Patient: No problem [PHI-Personal]. Well, it was great speaking with you again, I'll follow up with you next month unless there's something that comes up in the meantime and you give me a call. Um, but what I'm gonna do now is I'm gonna create a letter that gets mailed to you. Um, it's gonna have some wellness goals on there. So it's gonna um just be like reminders for things that you need to have done um you're having that annual wellness visit done at the end of this month but that will still be listed and then we can check it off as you do them. Ok?
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: Alrighty so I'll get that mailed to you and if you have any questions again, feel free to reach out.
Nurse: Ok? Thank you very much thank you.
Patient: Have a great day hon.
Nurse: Ok. You too thank you bye bye.
