Nurse: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal]. Can I help you?
Patient: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal] from [PHI-Geographic]. Calling back, uh, in response to call the other day. Oh, ok.
Nurse: She is not here today but we can chat. Let me pull you up here. Ok. So it looks like, yep, she was calling to check in on you and see how you've been doing this last month.
Patient: Right? Uh, and I've been doing well but I was at work so then she didn't pursue any further. I don't know if she had any other questions or, and I think she wanted to talk to [PHI-Personal] as well and I'm, I'm at home here where I can get [PHI-Personal] on the phone.
Nurse: Ok, on one second, let me pull up too. So, you're doing well. No, no major issues.
Patient: It looks not really.
Nurse: Um, who did you go see here recently? Orthopedic doctor?
Patient: Right. Yeah, I'm gonna, I'm gonna have that. I was with, uh, I can't think of her name, the nurse practitioner or, or no, no, no. At, at family practice. So, for my, for my finger, that's what I was up there last about.
Nurse: Ok. I don't see her on here. I don't see who the nurse practitioner is. So they, um,
Patient: Anyway, she referred me to, to, um, yeah, I guess it's [PHI-Personal], it's [PHI-Personal], the other one.
Nurse: I'm not sure. I don't work with this office very often. I'm sorry, I
Patient: See. I see. Ok. Well, anyway, she referred me to the, can't think of the name now, the skin, skin people, um,
Nurse: To, to dermatology or
Patient: To, or dermatology, dermatology and, and, uh, they took a culture and they analyzed it and they said, oh, it's, it's wood substance. You got a splendor in and it didn't heal, still didn't heal. So, uh, I went back to dermatology again and, and, uh, the lady that was a nurse practitioner there wanted to take a core sample. She's, and, and I, I just didn't like, feel comfortable with that idea. So I, uh, I said something about O IP and she said, well, that's where you may end up anyway. This don't seem like it's something surface. OK? And, but I did ask for an x-ray and she gave me an x-ray. So I went to o IP urgent care. They saw the x-ray and then they set me up an appointment with the hand doctor and Friday the ninth. They're gonna do surgery on it. And he said exactly what I said when I came in the first time I said, I think there's a bone spur in there. It causes irritation from the inside. That's why it won't heal. And he, he said, I think you have a bone spur. He says, well, we'll open it up and we'll shave that off if that's what it is or find out what it is. So, on the ninth, we're gonna do that
Nurse: On the N [PHI-Personal], I'm still back in May. I was gonna write [PHI-Account], gonna have that right. Ok. And you know, and then obviously they'll go after over all of that afterwards. Uh, just watching your surgical incision for any sort of infection, extra redness, warm, things like that.
Patient: He's, the doctor said I'll get antibiotics to take immediately afterwards to make sure there's not an infection.
Nurse: Perfect. Yeah. All good. Well, so at least we got that figured out, huh? And you're gonna, you'll be on,
Patient: That was, that was my last, that wasn't my last visit. I think I had a physical after that with Doctor [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Ok. Yep. Your [PHI-Personal] and your annual exam. Ok. Yeah. So, all right. Well, that works. Um, are you ok, on medications then? You don't need anything sent in today or anything like that?
Patient: No, I don't, I don't need anything. Uh, all right. I just took my BP because I figured you'd ask that. And that's good. It was 1 30/72. Ok.
Nurse: Do you track that daily? No, or just occasionally? Ok.
Patient: I'm lucky if I check it every month. Ok. Uh, last time I checked it was uh, [PHI-Personal] and it was 1 34/77 that, that date and the time before was [PHI-Personal] and it was 1 33/75.
Nurse: Ok. So you, you seem to be sticking right around in that area. Yeah. So, yeah, and it seems like, I mean, as long as you are doing well with that and that does seem to be the case that you're, that's what you're running. Um, honestly, monthly is probably ok. Now, you know, should you, uh, have start having symptoms of, you know, higher BP, headaches, anything
Patient: Like that? I think he did say I probably should do it once every week or two weeks, something like that. But I, I forget, I, I
Nurse: Usually when people aren't having problems, I usually recommend, yeah. Uh, either once or twice a week and only because it is easier to track like any trends or to identify if things are starting to change words, you just never know. Um, so, yeah, usually what we recommend is like, you know, checking it once, twice a week if you, if you really can, um, otherwise, you know, and, and writing it down, keeping a, a log so that you can take it with you when you go to the doctor's office that, that just gives them a little more data in case they see something that's a little off that they can look and see, you know. Oh, when did this start? Which medication would work a little better. That's all, it's, it's, you know, kind of a good idea. But, but now you seem to be on a pretty even keel there with your BP right now. So, that's good. Let's keep it that way. Hopefully. So. All right, my dear. Well, if you're good then is, is available to talk.
Patient: Yep. I'll see if I can locate her now. Ok. Sounds good. You wanna statement they help? She just took her BP. It's been, it's been up, she just was at cardiology this week. Oh, ok. I may increase that or however you say it? Ok. I, I put on speaker so she can hear better.
Nurse: Ok. Hello? Hi, this is [PHI-Personal] with [PHI-Geographic]. Carry is off today. So I, I'm just covering and since, uh, called in, I figured, yeah, we would check in with both of you and see how things are going. So, I hear you were just at cardiology and had a medication change. Right. I, how was, how was your BP today? The BP today is 1 39 66 70 that was at 12 55 70. Ok. So that's not bad. That's not terrible at all. No. Well, I'm, I'm starting to sit for five minutes before I actually take the reading. Yep. I get, I get so impatient. I know and, and you know what that happens very frequently and that's, that was actually going to be my next question was, are you sitting, um, because usually, and sometimes it is easier if you can remember to do it. Like, first thing in the morning when you get up, could you believe family practice is calling our, my phone? Oh, doesn't figure. Well, it looks like they sent in some Keflex for you. Is what, what's the antibiotic for? Uh, I think I have a urinary infection again. Ok. They're horrible. Oh, yes. What are your symptoms with them? Well, burning when I urinate, uh, going off? Ok. Frequency. Ok. And do you feel like a lot of pressure? Like when you gotta go, you gotta go, I gotta go. I better go. Yes. Ok. I will go. Any, any cloudiness or smell to your urine. Um, I'm not sure for sure. My daughter, my daughter, uh, had gave me some pills I had from beforehand. That makes the urine red or orange. Ok. Yeah, I know what you're talking about. All right. Um, ok. So, yeah, they did call that Keflex for you. Cephalexin. Oh, they did? Yes. Yep. Then that's probably why they were calling your phone was probably to let you know that they did that, but they did. So, so it isn't all, it isn't all the cancer on the bottom there. It's some urinary infection. Well, yeah, and make sure. Yeah. So if you should take that and, and, you know, you should see relief to those symptoms pretty darn quick if it is a, a infection. So I said I'm having the worst trouble with that part down there. The worst trouble first is the cancer, then I get urinary infections and I know from other people that are older they get often urinary infections.
Patient: Um, they're gonna in
Nurse: A, yep, that's the, yeah, the cephalexin. Um, now, so the big thing with urinary tract infections and yes, it is. It's very frequent as we age, especially as women. Um, our urethra or urinary tract is a lot shorter than males. So, it's easier for those bacteria to get up in there and, and wreak havoc. Uh, there are some things that you can do, uh, make sure you're drinking lots of water, the more you drink, the more you're gonna pee and the more you're gonna flush all that bacteria out of there, it's not gonna, I have time drinking. Uh huh. And, well, that's it. I'm not surprised I hear that very frequently. Very frequent that I hear that. Um. Mhm. And I tell people too and, and that's the other thing is as we age, our body does not tell us we're thirsty and we need the fluid like it used to. Um, so dehydration or, you know, not taking in enough fluid is, is, it's a very frequent problem as we get older, I suggest, um, usually keep it a bottle of water, glass of water, whatever. Something beside you at all times. Every time you look at it, take a couple sips. Oh, that'll help increase what you're taking in as opposed to waiting until you feel like you're thirsty. Cause by the time you feel that you're thirsty, you're usually well on your way to dehydration. So make sure. Yeah, try to do that. Um And that also helps with the symptoms of the urinary tract infection is the increased fluid intake because it dilutes all that, you know, and, and you don't have so much bacteria sitting there. The other thing that helps is cranberry juice if you like. Now, how, how does that work with being diabetic? Well, you can do, you can get unsweetened cranberry juice. Here's the other thing that I suggest to people sometimes too, if you're diabetic and you can't drink cranberry juice or you don't even like cranberry juice, they actually have cranberry um tablets or capsules, ok. That, you know, obviously doesn't have the sugar in that, that the juice does. Um And you can take those um a popular brand of that is the Azo A Zo and it's literally, it's at the pharmacy. They have generic versions too. It's literally just cranberry. And the thing with cranberry is that it helps, it makes the inside like the walls of your, your urethra, your urinary tract a little more slippery, essentially. So that, that bacteria can't cling to the walls like it used to. So it helps get rid of all of that in helping with the symptoms and in preventing it. Ultimately, I'm not gonna lie. I actually take cranberry supplement every day just to be safe. You can't take, you can't take too much. No, no. Nope, you can take it. It's something I think. Well, with the stuff that I take, I'm actually looking at the bottle right bottle right now. Um, it's a daily, you can take it daily and you take two of them every day and you're good to go. So it's, it's not gonna overdose on cranberry. Um, and it works well. I mean, I, I, at least, I think it's working well. I haven't had a urinary tract infection and I'm somebody who does have and, and sometimes just depending on our anatomy too, um, how everything's angled and tilted. It's just easier to get those infections. Obviously, the whole white from front to back, make sure you're doing that. That's a big one. Um, something I'd like to point out to is like, uh, the feminine products, deodorants sprays, powders, anything like that. Stay away from those. Those can irritate everything down there actually and lead to an infection. Yeah. And then the other thing is, is if you do have incontinence and you wear incontinence products, make sure you're changing those very frequently and trying to keep yourself as dry as possible. Um, the other thing with that that goes along with that too is certain people are more sensitive to different products. Different incontinence products. Some of them, you know, have like a scent to them or a, a coating sometimes that irritates people. So pay attention to if you're using those, if you know, it seems to be correlating with, oh, look, I switched to this one or I got this one that was on sale, whatever. Just try to stay away from the ones with like scent or anything. Um, now these, these cranberry pills, are they all unscented on, on sugar? Yes. Yeah. Yeah, because they're just, they're capsules. They don't add sugar to any of it. Yeah. Absolutely. No sugar in it. That probably would be the better for me. Absolutely. Yeah. No, if you're worried about your blood sugars and that. Yep, because it's, and like I said, they're not bad. I've, I've been taking them for over a month now. Um, they, they last for quite a while. Um, and like I said, I just take two a day and life is good. Yeah. Yeah. So, ok, try those things and like I said, they were calling in your Ce cephalexin, which they called you about and we'll go from there. Ok. Ok. So, um, that was your, uh, I guess that wasn't the drug store yet. They called, it was probably your, it was, yeah, it was the actual office calling to let you know that they were doing that. Yep. Right. I wish it, where did they send that to? Ok. Yeah. Yeah. They usually let you know when those things are ready. Correct. But Charlie, oh, but they'll go to Rite Aid. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. So they should let you know when that's ready or, you know, if you don't hear anything within a couple hours, I definitely give them a call because they should have received it and be working on it. Ok. Ok, appreciate that. Oh, any time it was my pleasure and if you need anything at all, you please call us. Ok. Ok, I appreciate. Oh, no problem. And, and I hope you guys have a wonderful weekend. Well, I do too. So I think once you start taking this antibiotic, you'll start feeling better and things will go, you know, better. But yeah. Yeah. Yeah, because it is, it's UTIs are, they're miserable, they're miserable things. Um, and you got to run, run, run to the bathroom. Yep. Yep. And my thing is, is you feel like you gotta go, you gotta go, you're running there and it's a couple drips, you better go. Yeah. So, yeah. Yeah. All right. You hang in there and if like I said, you need either of you need anything at all you call. Ok. Ok. I appreciate my pleasure and you have a good week and we'll talk to you soon. You too. Thank you. Bye bye. Thank you. Bye bye.
