Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal]. [PHI-Personal]. Uh, I'm just returning a call I missed from this number. Hi.
Patient: Can I have your name, please?
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]? All right,
Patient: [PHI-Personal], you're a patient of Doctor [PHI-Personal], is that correct?
Nurse: Correct?
Patient: All right. So let me just tell you real quick that this call is gonna be recorded for training purposes. Ok. Ok. All right. So, the reason I was calling is because I received a referral from doctor [PHI-Personal] requesting your enrollment to his new care management program. Did you receive anything in the mail in regards to that new program?
Nurse: I don't believe. No.
Patient: Ok. Yeah, some patients got a letter and some did not. So I'm just following up with a phone call. Um, so basically within the past few months, the physicians within op started offering their [PHI-Personal] patients a new program called Care Management. So with that [PHI-Personal], you would receive a phone call from Doctor [PHI-Personal] care management nurse and his nurse would basically just call you to check in, uh, make sure that you're feeling good. Medications are working and generally just to make sure that you're feeling good and staying healthy, you would, you would also be able to reach out to your nurse if you had any acute medical questions or concerns or if you needed assistance with things like medication refills, test results, scheduling appointments, things like that. So, it is a billable service to [PHI-Personal], [PHI-Personal] Advantage and secondary insurance plans and the calls are subject to deductibles, copays and coinsurance. Now you have [PHI-Personal] Primary and New AA life secondary. Is that correct? That's correct. All right. And you don't have any copays when you go to the office. Is that also correct? That's correct. Yes. Ok, perfect. Then you should not be responsible for any out of pocket cost for a call from your nurse. And you would get to choose how frequently your nurse calls you, you could choose to get a call once a month, once every three months or just every six months. And doctor [PHI-Personal] does get documentation of those calls sent to him as part of your medical record. Ok. Ok. So do you think I can set you up for a morning or an afternoon call from your nurse?
Nurse: The mornings are best
Patient: Mornings are best. Ok. Ok. And the number that I'm speaking with you on now, is that the best number for her to reach you at?
Nurse: That's a good one. Alright,
Patient: Perfect. And then I do need to mail you some welcome information. I have that. Your address is PO [PHI-Geographic] and that's Huntington [PHI-Geographic], correct. All right. So I will go ahead and get this all set up for you and your nurse should reach out to you within the next 2 to 3 weeks for your first call. Ok? Alright. Alright. Well, thanks for calling me back. I really do appreciate it and I hope you have a great rest of your day.
Nurse: Thank you and same to
Patient: You. Thank you. Bye bye bye bye.
