Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal] with the care management team. How can I help you?
Patient: Uh, [PHI-Personal], I just got a call from you. Um, I was showering. Ok. Right. Is who I am?
Nurse: Oh, ok. Yes. Thank you for getting back to me. Um, so I was just wanted to go over information with you about the new program that doctor and doctor [PHI-Personal] are offering. Uh, do you have a couple minutes for me to go over it with you now? Sure. Ok, great. Uh, and just so, you know, the call is recorded for quality purposes. Ok. Sure. Um, what it is really, it's a care management program. Um, that's where our nurse will call and check in with you, see how you're doing in between office visits. Uh, she'll go over your full medical health with you answering any questions, addressing any issues or concerns that you may be having. Uh, she'll also go over your medications with you. Uh, you know, making sure that they're working the way that they should be and that your conditions aren't worsening or if you just had questions about them or needed refills, uh, if you had questions or needed help with appointments, labs, community resources. Those are some of the other things that she would discuss with you during the call. Ok. Now, um everything is documented for Doctor [PHI-Personal] and doctor to review. So that way they're kept up to date on how you're doing. Um I do want to let you know that the uh care management program is considered to be an office visit. So it is billable to Medicare and Medicare Advantage plans and secondary insurance carriers. Uh, it's subject to coinsurances and deductibles and copayments. So you may get a statement from the practice for this service when you have contact with your dedicated nurse. Now, you do get to choose how often your nurse calls you. So if you'd like to call you once a month or once every three months, six months, maybe even just once every nine months, that's up to you. Um, I'm gonna mail you a letter to the program and then the letter will have your nurses contact information. So you're able to call her with any questions or concerns also. Ok. Very good. All right. Now, do you prefer for your nurse to call you in the mornings or in the afternoons?
Patient: As long as it's not too early, morning is fine either or is fine but morning most probably that's probably better.
Nurse: Ok. And then I just wanna confirm the information we have for you is still the same. Uh, we have your mailing address still as 36 I'm sorry 36 12 Rutherford street Harrisburg pa A 17111 and we have your insurance still as Medicare and a ARP. Mhm. Ok great. Now your nurse she's gonna be giving you a call in about two weeks or so just to introduce herself to you and get to know you a little bit and then at that time you just let her know when you'd like her to give you a call again. Ok. Very good. Alright, then you're all set. I hope you have a great day and stay safe. Thank you. You're welcome. Bye bye bye bye.
