Nurse: [PHI-Geographic]. This is [PHI-Personal]. How
Patient: Can I help you? Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal] calling. Hey, good morning, good morning. Well, listen, I take a water pill for my meniere's disease. Yes. Uh huh. And, uh, I called down there to have it filled and she said it ran out and I went three times now. It, it has refills on it but it was [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. And it goes up up to 2020. You know what I mean? But anyway, I'm waiting because I'm getting down to the end of my pills now and I need them. I take one a day. Do you wanna know the number of it? Uh, not
Nurse: The number? Is it the meclizine [PHI-Account]?
Patient: Is that the one? No, no, no, that's for dizzy. That's only when I get a spell. This is [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Ok. Yes. Mhm. With the Hydrochlorothiazide.
Patient: And I get 90 at a time.
Nurse: Let me see here. Let me pull it up. Ok. All right. Yep, I see it. And you want it to Walmart Pharmacy. Yes. 90 day supply, right? Three refills. All right. Let me get that set up and sign to the to doctor here real quick and hopefully we can get that taken care of right away. Good. Um, yeah, we don't want you to go on the weekend without it, that's for
Patient: Sure. No, I never miss those. Yeah. I'd rather take a beating than get another vertigo home. Yeah, that's the
Nurse: Worst. Oh, I know. You know, I have, um, I have a family member who, who struggles with that and it's just so debilitating
Patient: It is you, you're absolutely done. Yeah. I have to sit on the recliner with my head. Still. Don't roll your eyes. You can't lay down. Yep.
Nurse: Yep. It's just, you know, and it's like, once you find that position that you can, you, it, like, minimizes the symptoms then it's like, don't you dare move, you know, you
Patient: Gotta stay that way when I, when it, when I get it, uh, I sleep on the recliner with like, five pillows on the right side that I could at least put my head down if I accidentally do it. Oh, it darn. And it's nothing to be operated on. It's just one of those. Yeah. It's not like the, put the tubes and stuff. He said, no, it's not that kind of thing. Doctor with. Oh, an em. Oh, yeah. For years. 20 years or more. Well, I went to that where they flip your head around but, oh, my God. I don't have crystals. No. No, it just made me wanna scream and then they gave me a test one time, uh, at the pots where I go and I didn't know they were putting water in my ear. Oh God. Oh boy, the dummies put water in my ear. And I, and she said, well, I have to do the other ear. I said, no, you're not. I said, put the strap on me because I thought I was gonna fall off of the, the table they had me on and I said, she said, well, I'm going to tell the doctor, I said, go, go tell him, tell him to come in here. She said, oh, he said, if I had known that was gonna do that, he said I have never given you that test. Oh, it's good. I took my daughter along that day and she had to drive me home. I, I couldn't have never gotten home. Oh, I hate it so bad. I pity anybody that gets it.
Nurse: It's just an awful thing. Oh, man, that's terrible.
Patient: Well, thanks so much. I appreciate it. Have, have a good weekend. Yes, you too. You take care of yourself. You, you too. All right. Bye bye
Nurse: Bye.
