Nurse: Thank you for calling the care management team. My name is [PHI-Personal]. How may I help you?
Patient: [PHI-Personal]? Um My husband took a message and said to give you a call, but I'm not familiar with you. So I was wondering why I'm
Nurse: Actually calling um through [PHI-Geographic] rheumatology on behalf of Doctor [PHI-Personal]. Oh, ok. Um So the reason why I called is Doctor [PHI-Personal] is providing a care management program and you are eligible for that program. Um And what it is is a dedicated nurse that will call you in between office visits and she'll provide you with assistance on current health conditions, medications such as refills, things like that. Um She'll also help with lab results and community resources and this program is just to help doctor. So stay up to date on your wellbeing and making sure that you're staying safe and healthy in between office visits. And if anything were to arise, the nurse can assist you on getting an appointment um sooner and that kind of thing, things like that. And it is a billable service to Medicare, Medicare Advantage and secondary insurances. Um It's considered an office visit, so it's subject to coinsurances, deductibles and copays. So you might get a statement from the practice for the service and the nurse can contact you on a monthly or every two months, every three months or every six months basis just to check in and make sure everything's going good and then she'll report back to doctor [PHI-Personal] and just keep him up to date on your well being. Um, so the nurse can give you morning or afternoon calls.
Patient: Um, no, I don't think I'd be interested. I, I have a busy enough life right now. I take care of my mom and my husband's not doing too well either. So, um, uh, so like it just seems to be like one more thing on the plate and I'm just waiting for that one more thing to just crack me. So I
Nurse: Completely understand I know how that goes. Uh, if you happen to change your mind, you can always, um, let doctor know that, you know, it is something that you would like to do and then he can help with the enrollment process. Ok. Ok. Very good. Thank you. You're welcome. Have a great day. You too. Bye bye. Bye bye.
