Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal]. Uh, hello. Hi, this is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you?
Patient: Oh, I don't know. I got a phone call. This is and they told me to,
Nurse: I'm sorry, what was the name? Ok. Ok. Let me see. Let me just pull your chart up here. Ok. Yes, it looks like I called you earlier, um, today around like 11 o'clock.
Patient: Um, yeah. Oh, no, you're,
Nurse: Yeah, no problem at all. Um, I was just gonna introduce myself and kind of go over the care management program with you. Um, if you had a few minutes. Um, so basically what I'll be doing is I'll be checking in with you on a monthly basis. Um, just to see how you're doing, um, if you have any questions or concerns at all. Um, and if you need any kind of refills or any help with scheduling appointments, I can certainly do that for you as well. Um, so I basically have a direct line to doctor office. Um, where
Patient: Did you said?
Nurse: Yes. Correct. Yeah. So I'll be able to, um, update him with any concerns or issues. Um, yeah. So, um, let me see here. I just wanna pull up here. Now, one thing that he did want me to go over with you was, um, your list of medications. Would you be able to do that with me?
Patient: Uh, yeah, the, we'll downstairs. I, ok. Uh, well, I could just, I took my handbag down, I walk down. Could I get that? I, I know off hand. I take, um, if you Eliquis,
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, if you want me to go through them, if you just know them, um, then, um, I can just run through the list that we have here and you can tell me if you're still taking it or if it's, oh, yeah, it just to make it a little bit easier for you. Um, let's see here. Ok. So I've got Tylenol 500 mg just as needed. Um, ok. And then I've got, um, amLODIPine 2.5 mg. Uh, once a day. Yes. Ok. Um Eliquis 2.5 twice a day. Um, um, your vitamin D, I have it at 2000 units. Um, once a day. And
Patient: Let's see here, there's another one I think.
Nurse: Yeah, the 50,000 units that you're taking twice a week. Oh, the, of the vitamin D, the stronger? Oh, no,
Patient: He had told me to stop that. I did take it like that one time and then he said just, you know, go back on the one that you don't need the prescription. Oh, ok. Vitamin did, so I buy that at the store and I take it you know, once.
Nurse: Ok, perfect.
Patient: All right. I really don't take it once a day though when I supposed to I thought I was.
Nurse: Yeah so it has it has it listed as daily um um but yeah I know it's an easy one to forget to take every day. Um and then it looks like the last one I have is let's see. Metoprolol 50 mg twice a day, right? Ok. Alright,
Patient: I'll go over with you the next time I speak to you too. You know when I'm sorry that I just come off the steps again and it's you know. Oh, that's ok.
Nurse: Yeah, that's no problem at all. Yeah. So um basically that's pretty much what my call was just about just to go over um your med list make sure that everything is um up to date in here and that we've got the correct information. Um and I did just wanna go over, it looks like um your allergies. I have amoxicillin and amiodarone. Is that correct?
Patient: Yeah, I never had allergies. I don't know where they got this that I, I take the amoxicillin only when I go to the dentist which I just went last week and I, you know, I don't know um I don't, I don't remember having it. I don't know how they got that.
Nurse: Yeah, it looks like it was like back in [PHI-Personal] you had hives or something. Yeah. Oh,
Patient: Probably. Yeah, that's, I remember that. Yeah. And I had the,
Nurse: Yeah, and then it looks like, um, amiodarone was the other one. It just looks like you had a rash back in [PHI-Personal]. But, oh yeah,
Patient: That was. Yeah. Mhm. That was when I had my knee done. Yeah.
Nurse: All right. Well, sounds good. And then let me just confirm one more thing with you. Um, I have your address is [PHI-Geographic] in [PHI-Geographic]. Yes. Ok, perfect. Um, the only reason I wanted to double check that was because um, I'll be sending you a letter in the mail which will just have my contact information on it. So I'll have my name and my phone number. Um, and you can call me, um, any time Monday through Friday 8 to 4 30. Um, any if you have any questions or concerns at all. Um, and then other than that, I'll just be giving you a call monthly. Ok, just to check in and see
Patient: What you're doing. Now, what was your name again? Um, see I have hearing aids and sometimes I just have a hard time, you know, hearing the people.
Nurse: Oh no, that's ok. My name
Patient: Was your naming. What was it?
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]? [PHI-Personal]. [PHI-Personal]. Yes.
Patient: A [PHI-Vehicle]
Nurse: Te uh [PHI-Personal] actually
Patient: [PHI-Geographic] [PHI-Personal] TT EC A? Oh, ok, [PHI-Personal], I got it.
Nurse: Mhm. There we go.
Patient: And, uh, now were you the one that was supposed to call me the other day. Call me back. I spoke to one of doctor and I couldn't talk to her at the time and then she said what time? And I said too, but she never called back. I mean, I stayed off the phone and all. So I, you know, I never got any more. No, it
Nurse: Looks like, um, it looks like one of the other nurses had tried calling you. Um, I'm not sure if she just forgot to give you a call back or, um, what? But, but yeah, I'll be, um, the one, he'll be in touch with you monthly. Oh,
Patient: Ok. And then what do they do? They just, you know, if I have questions and we'll, like, just, yeah, you know, I've been doing ok. I mean, I take my medicine every day. I just saw doctor a few weeks ago, you know, the heart doctor. Yeah. And the only thing I had with him was he just said he thought my BP should have been like, a little higher. It was in the forties. Like, I usually take it with that wrist band and when I showed him a lot, a lot during the day, you know, when I took it and he felt that it should have been a little more higher than the four in the forties. But he didn't make a big thing about it. You know what I mean? And, and I was wondering, you know.
Nurse: Yeah. So, like, typically, um, your heart rate should be anywhere between, like, [PHI-Personal] 100 but a lot of people's normal every day, heart rates are just generally lower. The only time that they're really concerned about it is if you're having any kind of symptoms. So, if you're be, if you're dizzy or light headed,
Patient: Right. I don't, but I do have AFIB, I have that. Exactly.
Nurse: I, I did see that and that can obviously cause the irregular heart rate. So sometimes those home monitors are not picking up um, the correct heart rate just because the heart rate's kind of all over the place because it's such a sporadic um, pulse. So, um, yeah, it's kind of tricky with AFIB and the home monitors. Um, so I would definitely just keep an eye on it though.
Patient: Um Yeah, because the, the one, the, during what I showed him, you know, he said if you could write it down for him, you know, the one or two times it went up to like the 1 70 something like that, it was high, then, you know, then it went down when I was in the office, it went up and he said it was, the nurse said it too. Sometimes you just get a little, you know, uptight when you're coming to the doctors or something, you know.
Nurse: Right. Exactly. So that can definitely
Patient: Happen. Yeah. So, uh that's all, I mean, that's the only thing and I, I've been doing well. I'm not doing that great because I had, um, they have, I had, um, needles in my back, my spine. I went to the spine doctor up in King of [PHI-Geographic]. And I got, I think I have four needles and I started back in November and, uh, they're pretty bad. I mean, they're hurting me. I didn't go back to them. I had called them when the last needle was done. You know, he said you call me any problems, you know, you had to stay for 10 days, like taking it easy and it's pretty hard for me to do that. But I did it and they felt good, but now that I have a lot of pain and then, and I just persevere when I get up in the morning, it's really bad when I'm up. I get up in the morning I walk like I'm bent over. But as I move around then it sort of settles. So, I mean, I just, and I told doctor [PHI-Personal], you know, he knows all about that when I went for that. That's the only problem that I really, you know, so far I'm dealing with. You know. In fact, uh, I just wanted to get my hair cut today and I was fine. My husband took me, you know, I mean, I didn't, if, if I'm doing a lot of walking and going up and down the steps and, you know, it hurts me but I, I'm, I can take it. I mean, I deal with it because I don't think the needles are, you know, helping. I went and they, you know, they have, they, uh, do it right there up at the, up in king of, they have the spine doctors and they said it's my, um, what do you call, uh, oh, gosh. Down in, like my back. It started years ago. I had trouble with it. I used to get needles in, uh, you sciatic, you know, I used to get it there and I guess it sort of just came back on me, you know, all of a sudden I had a knee done and ever since I had my knee, uh, replacement, I came at home with a afib and then this started this sciatic and when I went back to the, the bone doctor, uh, the doctor that did my knee and, and he said that your knee is fine. He said, and we're going x-ray, you know, and do all that. And then when they did, he said it's your back. He said your spine you're gonna have to see. So they recommended me to the doctors. So that's the only, you know, my knee had to be done because I had a Baker Cyst, you know, I never had no problems. And then one day my ankle was swollen. And the, my girl said to me, my daughters, they said, mom, you never had ankles, you know, swollen like that. So when I was at doctor for my check off that time I mentioned it. So he sent me down for, um, oh, what do you call that when they do it right away? No, I had that before. The spine stuff. The other one that you just lay there and they put the x ray. Not an xray, the, no, I, I can't think of it. It's like an xray. It didn't take long. You know. So I've got that done and they sent me, they called me the same day and told me that I would have to see an orthopedic because they don't, they don't take the baker out no more. What happened? The, the, uh, uh, the fluid in there, whatever went all the way down my leg and it ruptured. Oh, my goodness. Yeah. So I had it because I had pain. I went to the bone doctor. He said, well, he knew what it was. He said we don't take them out no more. I, so, gosh, my husband had two of them taken out years ago and he said, no, we don't take him out. And he said yours is, it's, it's not good at all because it was like infection and it was, the AIA was running down to my foot and that's what was making it. And then since that I had the AFIB and, you know, other than that, I was fine, you know, I was shocked when they said I had a knee replacement because my husband had three of them and then he had his head, but that was from his job, you know, he was, he had to retire when he was [PHI-Personal] retirement. He didn't want to. But he had to because he couldn't kneel no more, you know. And, uh, but he's doing good. He just turned [PHI-Personal] in August. So he, wow. Yeah. I mean, so far I could see his fail and he can't do things like he did, you know, I mean, he's very active and did a lot of work and well, good.
Nurse: He's active. Mhm.
Patient: Mhm. But, uh, you know, so that's, that's that and another thing ever, you know, without, I mean, that I was always so good. I was, I was only on the, a BP pill and that was it. And then just, you know, lately now with the legs, I know they're not going to go away that, you know? Right. So, I guess if it gets too bad I'll have to have a needle again or whatever they do, you know? But I don't think it's yours, you know? So that's me. I mean, but I'm active, see, they holler at me in the house. I can't sit still, even though I have pain. I said, well, I get up and move and all, but there's a lot of things I don't do that. I can't, since the late.
Nurse: Yeah. Well, yeah, you, yeah, we definitely keep an eye on it. Um, you know, if you notice anything getting worse, when is, um, let me see here. Do you have an appointment scheduled with an orthopedic doctor coming up
Patient: Or? No, I just call if I needed them, like, go to him. You know, that's what I did when that time was, you know, after my operation and one I thought, let me go see, you know, I thought it was the knee because it, and then he said it was from the Baker Cyst behind my knee. And then, and then I had to go in the hospital and then I had a, um, like it when I had afib while I was in the rehab and didn't know it when the doctor come in to check me. So then I went through that after, you know, he said some people don't know it when they have it, you know, and then they rushed me to [PHI-Geographic] at that time and I have my knee on it for more. Mhm. So, that's, that's how all my, you know, it started all within like the last two years.
Nurse: Yeah. Well, yeah, if you, um, just keep an eye on everything but if you need anything in the meantime, you just let me know, um, and I'll be giving you a call next month if I don't hear from you sooner. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Yeah, because I don't see doctor, he doesn't call much like he didn't make me any appointments. So I guess because I'm with doctor the heart doctor. I mean, he knows all he
Nurse: Looks like. Um, yeah, it looks like your last visit was, um, in October. Um, does he just have you following up, um, like yearly or?
Patient: He was seeing me like, for, you know, when you had to go get the needles, the shots, you know, or, or how to be checked, like, for, uh, Medicare, like then, but lately, you know, and thank God, I mean, I didn't have to call him for me. You know what I mean? I was feeling right by the other doctors because my husband still goes to doctor. But, but that's good that they're doing this.
Nurse: Yeah, for sure. Yeah, exactly. And it makes it easier too. Like, if you're not because we, we know, like, obviously the doctor office is very busy and we work within their care team. So we kind of expedite things and if you need anything, you know, don't be afraid to reach out. And, like I said, I'll be sending a letter to your address, um, with all my information on it. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Ok. Now that does that work with re takes care of this? They paid for it on me. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Right. Ok. Well, it was nice talking to you.
Nurse: You too. You too. You have a good rest of your day. Yeah,
Patient: I hope so. Ok. Alright, you're
Nurse: Welcome. Bye bye.
