Nurse: Thank you for calling Care Management. This is
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. Hi. Uh this is [PHI-Personal] returning [PHI-Personal] call. Ok. Sure.
Nurse: Let me just see if she's available. And who is your provider?
Patient: Barb? I see Ren she had called me a couple weeks ago and uh wanted to talk to me and then I, we had a death in the family. So then I called the other day and they said she wouldn't be in until Friday she can return my call. I'm gonna be home all day. Ok.
Nurse: Sure. Well, let me see if she's available. Um, and it was [PHI-Personal] that called you, correct?
Patient: Right. [PHI-Personal]. Mhm. Ok.
Nurse: Just just one second. [PHI-Personal]. I'm gonna put you on a quick hold. Sure. Fine. Thank you doctor this year. Ok. Ok. Ok. Sure. Ok. Oh my.
Patient: Hi, this is me. Hello Melanie. Yes, ma'am. Oh, hi, this is Williams returning your call. Yes, ma'am. Let me just pull up your chart real quick. Ok, so Melanie, I have to apologize. We had a death in our family and so I wasn't able to call uh the last week and then uh I called the other day and they said you'd be in on Friday. Uh, now this is concerning the benefit you were telling me, uh, about wanting me to have something done. Oh, ok. Um, so with this program, a nurse can give you a call, um, once a month or every two or three months, whichever one you would prefer. Um, and what she'll do is she'll just any questions, concerns that you may have, um, or if you need a change in prescription or if you're waiting on any test results, we can help with all of that. Um, and any community resources or supplies that you may need. And then it is documented, all of the, um, everything's documented back into the chart. It is billable under your insurance that I show you have the Aetna Medicare, right? Um, so I don't have that card in front of me, but if you have a copay, it might be subject to that copay. Um, and then how much can I do have copays? Uh, I have a lot of copays. Now, how much I do it? I do. I was actually trying, let's see, let me, I can pull it up. Now, how much would that copa be? Uh, it's like an office call your PC P copay. Is it 20? Because I know 20. Ok. So it, it may be the 20 if that it'll be the most, but normally it's even less than that. Um, so I know of a lot of my patients that if they have the $20 copay do either the three or six months instead of every month. Oh, yeah. I would not, I would not want every month. I, I don't think I pay that. No, I, I understand eventually down the road probably. Yes. Yeah. So, um, do you go, we could do if you would, like, we could do either three or six months or we could start with six months and go from there. Uh, well, what I, what I wanted to do, uh, I have an appointment with for my wellness. Uh, April. April, I get my blood work done first and then I see her for my wellness. But what I'm really interested in is, um, I don't get my bone density till August of this year. Uh, I always used to get the reclast infusion. Um, and then I don't know why it stopped or I didn't do it. I, I can't remember. It's been quite a few years. But anyway, now, uh, I have, uh, is it the osteopenia that's worse than the osteoporosis? I believe so. Yes, ma'am. Yeah, I think so too. Well, um, anyway, uh, then she put me on the, uh, oh, you know, the pill that you take, uh, once a week and walk, walk, I took it on a Saturday. Had to walk for a half hour. You don't sit down. I just, I can't remember the name of it now. But anyway, I stopped it because I had my knee to do and I had a lot of issues with my knee. So, and it bothered my stomach. I have diverticulitis so it really bothered my stomach. So I just called and, uh, it's been a year that I stopped that in February. And so I told her and I said, I'm not taking that anymore and she said, oh, ok. But I really would like to start, uh, getting that reclast infusion. You know, that's a yearly thing. It's just an IV that you go to the hospital and have it done, you know, it takes about an hour. That's what I really am interested in is that reclast infusion. And I had mentioned that to, but I never got, uh, you know, when we talk about our wellness, but I really would like something done like that. Ok. But as far as six month I would do, I would do a six months. But, uh, no, I'm not gonna do what, every month or three months. No, I can't do that. Yeah, that's totally fine. And let me see if I can, I'll, I'll set you up on the six month plan. Definitely. So it'll only be once every six months. Um, now they do they come to your house or do they just call you on the phone? They'll give you a call on the phone and, and I can also mail you the letter to, um, and it'll have the nurse information on there. So, in between that six months, if you have a question or concern that comes up, you always have that number as well. Ok. And, uh, where do they come from? Well, no, the nurse is, um, with the office so she'll just give you a call. 00, it's a nurse in the, uh, interior office. Yeah. Well, ok. Yeah. No, I'll do a six months. Yeah. And then I was gonna say, do you want me? I can put a message in and we can see we can get that infusion started before your April. Well, the only thing it, oh no, August. 000, yeah. Well, the only thing is I wanna make sure my insurance pays for it definitely. Um, is that something you check into for me or? No? Well, we don't, but I was gonna say either I could send a message to the nurse and see if they can start working on that and seeing about getting you started on it or we can add it to appointment in April that you want to discuss. Getting that. Well, April. April is almost here. Uh, you know, I can do that but, uh, I really, I, because I know my bones, I know, uh, with, uh, with my knee done and, and I have, uh, neuropathy in my feet. Uh, I have a tendency kind of once in a while, you know, if I don't watch, I might be falling or something. So, that's why I really wanna get that infusion started. I completely agree. My mom actually had, um, hip surgery last year and she just recently was going down the stairs and her hip. So I, you know that. Yeah. Absolutely. Well, it really did me a lot of work because I always had osteoporosis. And then when I, when I stopped that and that pill, then that's when I got the osteopenia. Oh my goodness. My mom tells me all the time. You need to take your vitamins. Tell you, honey. Yes, absolutely. You're young. You wanna listen, listen to your mother. Yes. Exactly. And I have girls of my own. So I'm like putting it in this too. We have to get this. You better get, get what you can. Yeah, it's not fun as your age. Let me tell you. No, it is not. Oh my gosh, it is. It's insane. Well, do you think I should, uh, check with my insurance company and see if it pays for the, uh reclast infusion? We can do that. And what I'll do is I'll put a message to our nurse and have them add that. So when you go in April 5th, we, we can discuss that. You. Oh, yeah, I, yeah, I, I really wanna do that. Yeah. Ok. Yeah, let's do that. And I'm gonna mail that letter to your address that we have on file 11 900 route six. Well, right Ok, awesome. I just wanna make sure I have the right address so I'll mail that to you. I'll put a message in um and make sure we can add that to your appointment in April. Maybe they can even working on authorization and everything. Now. That would be great and check with my insurance company. Yes, that would be because I there's, I mean, I can't imagine what that price would be. I never had to pay for it before, but insurances change all the time. Exactly. Ok. All right. Sounds good to ma'am. Ok. Well, I'll get that email and I'll get that message over. Ok. Ok, Melanie. Thank you so much. Appreciate it. You're welcome. You have a wonderful day and good weekend. Ok. Ok. Thank you. Bye bye. You're welcome. Bye.
