Nurse: Yeah, good afternoon. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is,
Nurse: Hey, how are you doing today? All right, how are you doing? It's Friday. I'm good. I was just calling to check in on you and see how everything was going. But I, oh, you called me? I thought I called you. I was like, I thought I was pulling up. I was like, nope, I didn't call you today. I called you a couple of weeks ago. What you got going on?
Patient: Well, um, um my P A gave me started me on Pravastatin a few weeks ago and 40 mg a day and I don't want to take that much. So I've been cutting it into four and uh she sent the script to my local giant pharmacy, but since I will be on it, um, long term, I would like to have that script sent to express scripts. So I just get it automatically and I would like it reduced to 10 mg. I've read online. I consulted with my brother who's a physician and I just think for, I didn't even feel good on 40. I just was nauseous and
Nurse: I'm just taking notes right now. You keep talking and telling me I'm taking notes so I'm gonna send her the message and get this taken care of. You felt nauseous. You just didn't feel good on it. I
Patient: Did not feel good and, you know, from everything I read and discussing it with my brother, I just, I think 10 is plenty. My cholesterol is not that high. Yes, it's gone up. Um, I mean, it used to be all really low. I've always prided myself on sticking at 1 40 but now [PHI-Account] and uh, but you know, I don't think I need
Nurse: 40. Ok, so we'll get your prescription switched over. Tell her how you were feeling on it, let her know all that stuff and get it sent to express script from now on. I think I got it. Ok, perfect
Patient: Good. You, you have a great weekend.
Nurse: Thanks. Can you give me one second? I'm gonna get this put in the computer real quick and I'll be right back with you. Just hold, can you hold? Thanks. No problem, [PHI-Personal] there. Yep, I'm here. Cool. Ok, I think I got you all set. I'm gonna get this message sent over to her so she's up to date and we can get you a new script sent over to your express scripts. Do you have any other questions or concerns I can help you with? No, that's it. All righty. How long ago, how long ago did you um switch over that medication. Did you start cutting it in force?
Patient: Oh. let me look at the calendar here because I can tell my, let's see, I saw her that day. I started it here. I would say probably around the [PHI-Personal]. I just started cutting them down to four.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. Perfect. That way I can let her know how you've been and you feel better once you started doing that. Oh, yeah. Yep, perfect. Ok, good. Ok, I will let her know and if you need anything, just give me a
Patient: Call. I will do that. You have a great weekend.
Nurse: Thanks. You too. I appreciate it. Ok, bye.
