Nurse: Hello, this is a management nurse. How can I
Patient: Help you? Hi, [PHI-Personal], this is [PHI-Personal]. Is, is this a bad time? You can call me back.
Nurse: No, it's ok. What's going
Patient: On? I need to check in with you guys anyway. And I was kind of holding off until he had a meeting. He had a lane. I'm calling for [PHI-Personal] Fester and [PHI-Personal] Feer and he had a session with a counselor last week. Uh, and the first one I don't think ever goes as expected or as hoped and, and, uh, he has another one tomorrow which I think I'm gonna have to cancel to see and see if we can get him in next week. But we had a rough time last night, [PHI-Personal]. And I just, um, when things don't go the way he [PHI-Personal] wants, he, he's just getting worse. Um, there were some things in my head that I wanted to say. I, I'm taking care of my little [PHI-Personal] year just that, uh, [PHI-Personal] year old granddaughter and just got her to sleep. So my head, I probably should have gotten my thoughts to get better. Um, yesterday, uh, he, he [PHI-Personal] obsessed, uh, and he's obsessed over a gait that he put up at their house. And of course, [PHI-Personal], his son, our son gets a little frustrated with him cause he's not good with O CD and stuff like that. He just, that's just not his thing. And, and uh, so he got a little short with his dad but then apologized and, and then [PHI-Personal], this was a mess the rest of the night and this was probably about 9 30 10 o'clock, uh, maybe not quite 10 last night. Um, and [PHI-Personal] lives in [PHI-Geographic], we live in Burg and the trip home [PHI-Personal] was in a car in front of me and he went through every stop sign. Now he didn't put anybody's life in danger. Uh, because of the hour there was really, uh, if we saw one car on the furnace [PHI-Geographic], that was it. Um, but still, you know, he, he, I think he paused up maybe one or [PHI-Personal] of the four or five stop signs, but he went right to him just because he was angry. He's angry at [PHI-Personal]. Uh, and I know it's frustration but his frustration is getting worse. Uh Now he does have a, do, um, a doctor appointment with [PHI-Personal] and my question is, is doctor Doctor [PHI-Personal]. I know does sleep, uh, ca cause he put [PHI-Personal] on a CPAP like 20 years ago, maybe more. And, uh, I'm hoping that, uh, [PHI-Personal] wants to see him on a medicine that's gonna help him with dementia, er, said there's [PHI-Personal] of them and I can't remember what he told me. You probably know better than me. Um, and he's hoping it's not too late because [PHI-Personal] just is, he gets, when he gets angry he just, everything goes out the door, he, all his reason goes out the door. Um, he, he just, he gets so angry that he doesn't make good decisions. And, um, and it is to the point, you know, I even, I thought it last night before you, [PHI-Personal] even said it that or after I had talked to [PHI-Personal] then last night and [PHI-Personal] didn't even see and he doesn't even know that when his dad went to stop signs like he did, uh, that someday soon we'll have to take his keys. But I was thinking that last night, um, I'm not ready to yet. I don't, he, he just followed [PHI-Personal] up to, um, er, um, trying to get rid of, he's going through a divorce, trying to get rid of the vehicle, sell the vehicle back to a dealership and, and [PHI-Personal] followed him up in case he's successful doing that. And that was all the way up to par. So he's fine today. Uh, he's, and all he does is sleep yesterday. He slept most of the day. He came and helped me with the, with the grandchildren. That's why we were at errands. We were helping with the grandchildren. Um, and, and then, uh, I think we, I put to bed that she's the [PHI-Personal] year old and came down the steps and is the gate closed, is the gate closed? And it's like one time doesn't appease him. He has to hear it like a bunch of times. Uh, [PHI-Personal] was tired, uh, not really in the mood to hear it. So he did snap at his dad, but then he apologized, hugged him and apologized and, and I thought way was ok until we were on our trip home. And I thought, when he went through the first [PHI-Personal] stop signs, I thought, ok, he's got diarrhea or something's happening and then we got home and he was in his chair by the time I got home, he was in his chair, which is a normal for him when he's in his chair. [PHI-Personal] and I kind of take a breath of we, we're, everything's ok. And uh uh and he was angry with [PHI-Personal] because, you know, er, wouldn't tell him for the fourth or fifth time that the gates closed up there. And, uh, you know, so I knew then that he was going to stop signs. I said, well, you went to stop signs. He says I don't care so he could have hurt somebody. Nobody was around but still he, he, it, it was unreasonable. So I, uh you know, again, I, I'd like Doctor [PHI-Personal] to know this, uh, it, it, it seems to be getting the, the anger he, it, I told Doctor [PHI-Personal] about a vehicle but [PHI-Personal] was gonna get, he had a fit over wasn't safety safe enough. And now last night and, and, um, we're looking at another vehicle now, I'd like to go down to one. We still to, but, um, I'm not sure what we're gonna do about that. So, anyhow, that's not your problem, but I'd like him to know, um, uh, we have an appointment with doctor on the [PHI-Personal] and I just wanna make sure that he is going to, you know, rule in or out sleep deprivation. I mean, all [PHI-Personal] does is sleep. He doesn't sleep well at night, but he sleeps, he slept yesterday most of the day and then came over to us and help pitched him with the kids and he was great with the kids. So that one thing made him snap and, and, and we pretty much know what makes him snap the safety. Uh, you know, it would be, uh, keep the basement, in fact, before he left just a little while ago, basement door. Uh, you know, if he is closed, can you look at it? But it's getting worse. Uh, the counselor in talking to him last week, uh, he knows what [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal] situation is. Um, I, from what I gathered, I'm not too optimistic, he's gonna be helpful. We'll see. I'd like to give it another time. Uh you know, just because that was the first time we uh we communicated with him, you know, just to say, hey, you know, and then he explained to us he does it online, which is helpful. He does it online, which is helpful because it way will do that. If he had to go to his office, I think I'd be struggling at getting him there. I'm concerned about getting him to Doctor [PHI-Personal] office and that's the [PHI-Personal]. So I am concerned about whether we're gonna get him there or not. So, um, anyhow, so I'd like Doctor [PHI-Personal] to know that and uh, yeah, I just am not sure I'll see if I can get him to flee, but I just wanna make sure he's gonna, you know, not just sleep. I, I've kind of lost touch with him. Uh LA saw him years ago but it, it was for, you know, he snored and he's still snoring. I think he still has, um, sleep deprivation. But, um, he won't use a, a machine unless it's one the new type that you don't have to put a big face mask on. So, and also I need [PHI-Personal] meds for him when, when we're done with this. So if you'll mention something to Doctor [PHI-Personal], if he wants to talk to me, he can call me. Uh, it's probably best way he doesn't know he was, he keeps accusing me of going behind his back and getting the counselor and I said, no, you knew about it and he did. So he's forgetting, he's, uh, the, you know, remembering, uh, is, is just, he'll accuse me of something he already knew and get angry with me. And I've been able to appease him by saying you knew, but it's getting harder.
Nurse: Ok. So let's start here. Where, what are the [PHI-Personal] medications that you needed to have?
Patient: Refilled? Shoot? Oh, ok. The first, uh, the vitamin DD as in dog or David. And, and the, um, I thought I had all of his other meds. Esomeprazole. I looked high and low. I couldn't find that I had another, uh, prescription here and the bottle that I have is asking for another and it is, I think it was [PHI-Personal]. So I know I'm pushing, I have some pills. I do [PHI-Personal] weeks for him at a time. Uh, and so I do have some pills but I, I do need some, I, I thought maybe I mixed them in with mine and I, I can't find any because I thought I had redone everything because I talked to you guys a while ago and I don't have any, uh, uh, an extra esomeprazole.
Nurse: Ok. What pharmacy would you like it to come
Patient: From? Uh, the, um, Humana. Uh, I think they just switched. It was Humana Walmart. And now I think there's something else but it's the Humana, it's, it's the mail order one. Ok.
Nurse: Mail order.
Patient: Yeah.
Nurse: And would you like to make an appointment for him to see doctor or did you wanna ask his opinion on the, um, medications or?
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. See what he says, see what he says about meds. Um, there's [PHI-Personal] meds and, and I wish I have made [PHI-Personal] tell me, but [PHI-Personal] was not far from me when we were talking about it. And, uh, he, there are times he doesn't care if I talk about it, he doesn't care that I'm ordering meds and doing stuff and talking to you guys. Then the next time he's on my case about you're doing stuff behind my back. So, [PHI-Personal] is afraid for the near future when that anger now, [PHI-Personal] would hurt himself before he'd hurt me. But [PHI-Personal] doesn't trust that. Um, I mean, I live here, [PHI-Personal] do, hasn't lived here for quite a few years and, you know, he's, he's just around his dad for, since last [PHI-Personal]. He just moved back to the area. So he, you know, I'm not really afraid for myself, [PHI-Personal] would hurt himself and, and I don't feel like he's gonna commit suicide. That's not my point. But there are times he doesn't give a damn.
Nurse: Ok. So I will send out a Fy I to doctor, um, about the patient's mental changes, his, um, emotion range of emotion. Um, and then ask if he recommends any medications for now or should you guys just follow up with doctor [PHI-Personal] cause he is neurology.
Patient: Um, because I'm just not sure. I, I know he specializes now in the sleep, uh, a area and, and that could be some way that, you know, Doctor [PHI-Personal] and I talked and [PHI-Personal] talked about it, you know, some of his sleep problems, he, all he does is sleep and that doesn't mesh up your mind. Um, you know, but when you're totally depressed all the time, uh, you know, how can you move? So, and it is definitely affecting me. It's definitely, you know, the last night after I realized he didn't have diarrhea that it was because he was upset. It, it was very stressful for me, even though he didn't put anything on me, [PHI-Personal] didn't threaten me. I did not feel threatened. It's just, I followed them home. I kept a distance but I fall because I was watching other traffic pa, you know, other people and it, it was like it was going on 10 o'clock. So it, they're just, um, [PHI-Geographic] there, there wasn't much, I think we passed one car half, you know, in the middle. So it wasn't anything. Uh, but, you know, it, it, it, it, it was on my mind that, uh, the whole way home. Ok. What is it? And, and I used to be, no, I used to know his patterns. I don't anymore. He's taking me by surprise because I thought the way and then the way he parked in the driveway was totally different and I thought, ok, he had diarrhea, that's where I thought, ok, he had to get in the house, go to the bathroom and of course, that was not the case. So I was wrong. I was wrong. So, and I, yeah, go ahead,
Nurse: I'll send out the fr I for doctor [PHI-Personal] and I'll get those medications refilled for you guys. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Well, I might as well just let you know, uh, you know, other than stress from him at this point, I'm fine. I see the heart doctor next month and then I think I see doctor [PHI-Personal] in December. Ok. No worries right there. Oh, yeah. Well, I, I, since you got somebody, I think it was Stacy who called and they, she called on the land line. We were not home, we were babysitting. We were, we're pitching in, um, uh, baby mama is going to school, uh, to the center. And so I'm pitching and I are kind of pitching in taking care of her. So we were not home when Stacy called and I thought, you know what, I'll just first, I wa I was gonna wait till after the first meeting with, um, the, the, um, counselor and then, I mean, it, it went well and we was receptive and talk to him, uh, but I just don't think it's the kind of help that he needs and, but, but we, I'm willing to wait for the second one to see. He wanted [PHI-Personal] to come up with a list of things that worry him and, and [PHI-Personal] hasn't done that yet. But, um, and we meet with him tomorrow. So I think I'm gonna, and tomorrow might be a little crazy anyway, so I might just postpone it until next week. And uh, yeah, but I am kind of anxious for the second one to see if it goes the same and then we'll just let him know that we don't think he's gonna be helpful because he was very kind. He said, look, if I'm not gonna be helpful, you need to let me know. So he was very kind. So, you know, it, it it's, it's one day when it's not that he wants help, but he'll accept it and the next day, no way he's accusing me of going behind his back, setting these up. And I know. So, you know, we talked to doctor, he set it both of them up for you. You know, it's just going boom, boom, you know, and it's nobody's fault, it's your fault. You know, you're the one that needs some, some help here and we're helping you. So trying to reason with them. So. Okey doke. Well, I, I wanna be able to tell [PHI-Personal] that I mentioned something to you guys because he was quite adamant with me last night. You need to let doctor know. So and I don't think, yeah, I don't think he sees him until the beginning of the year 2023. So, all right dear. Well, thank you for the ear and I'll look forward to talking to you again.
Nurse: Alrighty, have a
Patient: Good night. Thank you. You too. Bye bye bye bye.
