Nurse: Care Management. This is [PHI-Personal]. Can I
Patient: Help you? Hi, [PHI-Personal]. It's [PHI-Personal]. I'm sorry. It was the dentist office, but it was confirming my appointment for Tuesday and it was a different person that I was talking to and she doesn't know what's going on. She must have been just so. So I'm waiting to hear about, you know, if he's in the middle of a root canal or something like that first thing in the morning, then, um, ah, it's gonna be a little bit before I hear from them. So it's, uh, we'll take it from there. Other than that things have been going pretty good. The [PHI-Personal] is, seems to be, I think it's starting to kick in and work. Ok, [PHI-Personal] treatments for it to start noticing the difference. So, I think I'm at that point. So that, that's better. That's, uh, that's a good thing. And, uh, other than that things have been good, you know, until this thing. So, yeah. Yeah. Good. It's, uh, weather's been good. My neighbors on the [PHI-Geographic] been keeping me cleaned out when it does snow. So, that's a good thing. It is cheap, $15 to do. My whole area and I've got a lot to do because he does between the, besides the driveway that is, um, double wide, it pans out in front of my [PHI-Personal] and the sidewalks and he does a wide squash between the, uh, house, house and the [PHI-Personal]. Mhm. To my shed and then my whole patio. So, for 15 blocks, no, not bad at all. Other people said, well, 40 you know, so I'm thinking I'm going to 15 if he doesn't do it quite as meticulous as what I would do. But, you know, I laugh because I had a neighbor, uh, catch me outside and he says, you know, he says we're missing, looking across the [PHI-Geographic] and enjoying how meticulous your snow removal is. We can always marvel at how neat everything is. And I said, well, you know, I'm not doing it this year. I haven't been able to. So it's, uh, you know, I could choose to do that and not walk around for two days afterwards. So, well, let it slide a little bit. Let the guy down the [PHI-Geographic] do it. He's a little strange. But, um, well, it's a younger guy and he just, you know, what can I say? Yeah. Yeah. Uh, this is a guy who claims he lived, um, [PHI-Personal] years in a, in a cavern that time away from the main [PHI-Geographic]. So he, he's a little strange. Yeah. Well,
Nurse: As long as he does a good job and he's cheap. That's all that matters.
Patient: Well, that's all I care about. My dog likes him a lot, you know, I'm excited. Yeah, [PHI-Personal] here, you know. Sure, for sure. Yeah. So, so anyway that's where I've been. You got any other questions?
Nurse: No, I'm gonna just give doctor [PHI-Personal] a heads up about the tooth and you know, if you run into any major issues, please call us. Ok.
Patient: Yes, I will, I will, I am. It's like you said, if uh you know, be ready to go to the er, yeah, I would,
Nurse: I would
Patient: Be, I will go to [PHI-Geographic] to the er, it won't be age, let me. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah, I don't blame you and, and you know, especially get going into the weekend, you know, it usually not, you know, don't, aren't on call on the weekends and stuff. So just hopefully you'll get that taken care of sooner than later today. If you don't hear anything by like 11 o'clock, I would call them back before they go to lunch.
Patient: Ok. Alrighty. All right. They seem to be right on top of things this morning. So. Ok, I'm, I'm guessing I'm going to hear something soon as she told me besides taking the acetaminophen to uh, and um Ibuprofen, Ibuprofen to it and I said, well, Ibuprofen from years past um Ibuprofen is the same as Motrin. Right? Yes. Yes, it is. Yeah. Well, Motrin back when I first had problems with my joints. I was about [PHI-Personal] years old and Motrin had just come out at that time. And that was a big thing for arthritis and all it did is make me sick to my stomach and it didn't touch any of the pain. So I've never had a great confidence with ibuprofen. You know, it's, uh, I know my brother used to tell me, oh, take Advil. I go. Well, I tried Advil doesn't work worth the whole, you know, it just doesn't touch it. So, uh, so I don't know, what would you advise if they told me to take that along with the phen,
Nurse: I would alternate them if I was able to, if, if you could tolerate it. Yeah. Yeah. Without a doubt as well. Just eat with it first. So, if you're gonna take it.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: Yeah. Don't, don't take it on an empty stomach.
Patient: Ok. Ok. All right. All right. Go to the drug store. I'll pick up something that, yeah, I would. Ok. All
Nurse: Right. I'll let you know
Patient: Because at this point I, I've got some blue stuff that I use on my joints and all the rest of it for arthritis and a number of things. And I've been putting that on my face and on my neck and around my ear to try to relieve some of the pain that's in there. I don't mind job and that I put that on this morning when I, um, first got up and that seems to have eased it a little bit. It's not quite as bad as what it was. So, hopefully I can and it should get through until then. Yeah, I hope so too. Yeah. In the meantime I'll use my water, pick on gentle and use the, um, oh, I don't know the name of that. Rinse you gave me. Yeah,
Nurse: Peridex
Patient: Probably. Yeah. Some kind of. Yeah. Yeah. But, uh, because that eases, I find that will ease it for just for maybe an hour or two. Yeah. Yeah. Co, something like that. Yeah. Yeah,
Nurse: That's a, that's an anti bacterial. So, if there's any germs in there it'll help, you know, keep them at bay.
Patient: Yeah. So, so with that and if they get me on an antibiotic that ought to help too, right. It should, it
Nurse: Should. Yeah, it definitely
Patient: Should. All I know is I go in on Tuesday. I wanna be in shape for him to actually work on me and take care of it. Yeah. And what they, oh, we gotta get the infection cleared before we could do it. Well,
Nurse: And what is he gonna do on Tuesday? Exactly.
Patient: Well, uh, it's repairing the tooth, whether it ends up being a root canal or filling. I'm, he talked filling and he said I, I think what I have to do is go for, um, the silver filling. Unfortunately, he said, I, you know, that's the only thing that's going to really um fix it, fix it. But uh a while ago he had talked about a root canal on that but I can feel it's gone to the point that he can't do a root canal. I don't know we'll see it. It's debatable at this point right now. He's talking to [PHI-Personal] but we'll see what he decides when he really gets there, so. Yeah. Ok. All
Nurse: Right. I'm gonna let doctor [PHI-Personal] know if he has anything else to add I'll definitely call you and let you know [PHI-Personal]. Ok.
Patient: Alright thank you. Alright good
Nurse: Luck feel better
Patient: Thank you. Mhm I need I
Nurse: Know I know take care [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Ok thank you bye bye.
