Nurse: This is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you?
Patient: Hi [PHI-Personal], this is [PHI-Personal]. Ha. Calling you back. Oh, hi
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. Um just give me one moment here, let me just get your chart pulled up.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: Alrighty, thank you for calling me back. So I was just calling to check in and see how you're feeling. I know you weren't doing too well the other day.
Patient: Yeah, I'm wondering if I need to get in and get an appointment about whatever is going on with me. I I'm almost wondering if maybe I have um, sublingual tonsillitis or something. I, I had my tonsils out when I was [PHI-Personal] years old, so I have no, but, but I, this is over two weeks and I still have swollen lymph nodes and my throat isn't dark red like it has been it, I mean, it looked, it's still it, you know, there's still some, some red in there and stuff, but it's, but I just, the last few days I've had such horrible fatigue that I haven't really been able to. Uh, well, I haven't been able to function, I guess the timing of the storm was good in that regard. Yeah. But anyway, II, I, I've been, I, I've been through all the stuff that usually helps me off things like three boxes of cold and eea tea and couldn't get a hold of ginger this time. But ginger powder and honey and this supplement, that kind of acts like a amoxicillin, which really helps my IC, um, my bladder stuff. But it, but almost a whole bottle of that and, and I'm, you know, I'm this point, I'm afraid to keep taking all of this stuff, but II, I just can't stick it and I don't understand the reason for the fatigue and the, it just seems to be more of a throat problem to me cause II, I don't even think I've had the low grade fevers in the last for a few days. But for some reason, my throat is, I just the, the throat, you know, bothering me and my, and the fatigue is just, yeah, it's, it's a
Nurse: Lot. Now, do you think you'd be able to make it in the office?
Patient: I, I, um, I don't know about today, maybe Monday. Well, not
Nurse: Today. I just meant, um, because I know you spoke about the back pain and not being able to drive.
Patient: It's getting, it's, yeah, I still, that's still an issue but it's getting better. So I think that I, I could, I, I feel like I might need to because I don't know. I, because I think maybe I need a throat culture or something, you know.
Nurse: Yeah, just to see what's going on. Um, now I was with a patient earlier. I don't think Doctor [PHI-Personal] per se has anything until the week of Thanksgiving. So, would you be ok with seeing either the nurse practitioner or the physician assistant at [PHI-Geographic]?
Patient: And I have to say one of them I had a really bad experience with the other one's ok. So, um,
Nurse: I'll throw out some names here. So [PHI-Personal], was that the one? Yeah, he's ok. He's ok. Ok. Um because he has on Tuesday he has a 10 45. That's his first available.
Patient: Yeah, I have another appointment on Tuesday at two. I don't know. Um um mm let me think about this a second. Uh WW what else does he have?
Nurse: Uh let me double check here. I'm trying to see who else is um at the [PHI-Geographic] facility because I know there's [PHI-Personal] and I can't think of who the other person
Patient: Is. I know but it was, it was the the same woman that I talked to you once before. She was really terrible and wrong about something so and rude. So Iii I decided I don't ever wanna see her again.
Nurse: Got you was her name [PHI-Personal] by chance. I'm trying to see in your chart um who you may have seen and I don't,
Patient: I don't, I don't, I'm not sure. I kind of don't think so, but let me see if I can call their office and see,
Nurse: Or I can see about getting it because [PHI-Personal] only has [PHI-Personal] and then for some reason his next appointment is not until [PHI-Personal]. Um, that's
Patient: Weird. Yeah.
Nurse: So I can see. Let me just, can I just do [PHI-Geographic]. Let me see
Patient: Here. Oh, come on. I can't tell it is so slow. Um, the name of the practice.
Nurse: Uh, mine. Yeah, [PHI-Geographic]. Let me just double check, check that Doctor [PHI-Personal] doesn't have anything. Yeah, she does.
Patient: It. They tell me something one time at the office about, I, I, if you could, if I called the, it might be the same day or the day before that they, they reserved some appointments. I, I don't, I can't remember but I can't be off morning either. Let me see.
Nurse: Let me [PHI-Personal] something different here.
Patient: No, I don't think I've talked to [PHI-Personal]. I think it was Dominique that I had the bad experience with. I remember that was a kind of different name. So,
Nurse: Yeah, I'm, I'm trying to get you a sooner appointment here. It's just taking forever to load. So, I apologize. Usually not this slow. I'm not sure what's going on.
Patient: Mhm. That's kind of weird when they went on their side. Isn't, it doesn't show Doctor [PHI-Personal],
Nurse: Is there another location you'd be willing to go to? I'm not seeing any same day appointments at [PHI-Geographic] at all. Let me actually I'm gonna, can get out of this completely and get back in it because that's weird that there's absolutely nothing.
Patient: I think I'm in some weird site too here. Let's see. This is not what this crazy here.
Nurse: Ok. It's still showing me no, same day appointments at [PHI-Geographic]. Is there another location that's close to you?
Patient: No, there is not because the Tampa General itself is very far away from me. This is kind of, their practice is unusual that it's up here. Ok.
Nurse: Um, so I know you said you have another appointment, uh, on Tuesday, but it's in the afternoon. Is that correct?
Patient: Yeah. But I can't do morning very well. For one thing, I'm up until very late at night because I have major insomnia and I'm a night out on top of it and then I, I don't get around very well, first part of the day.
Nurse: Ok. So let me go back.
Patient: Let's see what I was hoping for Monday. I know somebody told me that before. It was, it's not a, it's not a thing with their office. It's like advertised. Um, um, so it might not just be, but, but they did tell me that because I remember being surprised about it and, um, unless they, unless they got rid of it, I don't know. But that was, I don't know how long ago.
Nurse: So, unfortunately, Doctor [PHI-Personal] doesn't have anything until the [PHI-Personal] of [PHI-Personal] and it's a morning appointment. At 11 30.
Patient: Well, I could probably pull up at 11 30 but I'm thinking, how long, how far away is that? When did you say the [PHI-Personal]? Yeah. So that's, I think it's kind of too long for this. I think so. Mhm.
Nurse: Um, shoot. Who's the other? There's another
Patient: [PHI-Geographic]. What, what, what about [PHI-Personal]? Did she not have any appointments? Let me double check. It used to be, you could get in to see the P A or the nurse practitioner pretty, you know, quickly there. I don't.
Nurse: Yes. So [PHI-Personal], her name is [PHI-Personal]. Um, she has a 2 15 this afternoon or she also has Tuesday the 15th coming
Patient: Tuesday. Nobody works. Monday is Monday a holiday. Oh, boy. Huh? Maybe I should [PHI-Personal] to go today. I don't feel like it, but
Nurse: It might be good to get, it looked at before the weekend because if it's something that requires the antibiotics you can get it ordered for you and you can get started
Patient: With it. They can do throat cultures in the office. Right. Yes. Mhm. Ok. Um, well, shit. Um, I'm sorry, I just,
Nurse: If not, she has some Thursday but they're not
Patient: Afternoon. Yeah. I, we get further out. Well, I guess, I guess, put me down and all [PHI-Personal]
Nurse: For today.
Patient: Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. It's, it's at 2 15 you have a little bit of time here to, uh, and maybe see if you can make it. Um, let me just get some information input in here. Ok. So that's all set for later this afternoon if you can make it. Um, how's your back pain? Is that any better?
Patient: Yeah. It's still when I first [PHI-Personal] to get up or whatever, I still, I can't stand straight up. I'm still bent me and, but, but once I start moving around then it'll straighten up and then I sit down or lay down again and the same thing. But, but it's, it, it's definitely better. Hm. My muscle pain though has been really horrendous, especially in my upper legs. I'm kind of losing the, I, I was thinking that I was for a little bit a couple days. I, that was doing better and I was thinking maybe because I had been off of it, carBAMazepine for two weeks that the, it was gonna get better after the withdrawal. But it's really been a bear. I mean, it's, it's been keeping me up all night and with heating pads and this professional vibrator I have and then using the pressure washer thing on my shower.
Nurse: Now, when you say muscle pain, are you talking about your back or just like a general muscle pain?
Patient: No, this is a different thing that happened first. The first episode, it's episodic. It happened over 15 years ago and I completely like, seized up and, and it put me in a wheelchair from part time to full time and I went to see doctor [PHI-Personal], my neurologist at US F for several years and he initially thought it was a, I can't remember glycogenosis, some kind of a muscle disorder. But then he concluded he was wrong because he said I would have been dead in a year if he, if he would have been right. He didn't tell me that at the time. But, um, I end up just saying, and I saw a bunch of different neurologist and doctors for it who initially I thought maybe it's fibromyalgia but they all were really adamant. It's not. And since then, every time I read about it or meet people that have it, it definitely doesn't seem like fibromyalgia, but it's this mystery and it's very disabling. It's very horribly, horribly painful and it, it, it, it always is worse and it starts off in my upper legs all around and I mean, really unbearable like pain and, um, and then it will spread, it spread to my whole body and it just stiffen up and see, like, like literally almost see, you know, and, um, it's really scary because if that happens because I went for many months, like six months, I couldn't drive it on. I couldn't even get a dinner in the microwave. That's how bad it was from my wheelchair. I remember it been a big deal when I could make it out to the front porch. And, um, but at that time I had, I lived close where I had a couple of good friends nearby that kept me going and if that happened to me here, it got that bad. I would end up in a nursing home where I'm at now because I have nobody up here anymore and moved away and then, uh, it's just been bad. So it's very scary thing. Especially not to know what the heck it is. Um, and, um, apparently that the carBAMazepine was helping that, I didn't think so because I was on all of these drugs long before this muscle thing started happening. Then I was on those for neuropathy, but it's turning out after all the work I've done, you know, retrain my brain to deal, deal with the neuropathic pain. Uh I'm, I'm doing ok with that. I mean, there, you know, it's a little harder but it's, I'm fine but I, but what's not, what, what really is the most affected are my muscles. And, um, it's also triggered by any, even if I'm even slightly cool. So going into winter is a super bad timing for it. I couldn't get my muscles go so bad. All I did even in the summer when I, during the first two episodes, I would just sit in the hot showers all day long and use heating pads even in the summer in [PHI-Geographic]. You know, my friends would take me anywhere in the car that I would, they couldn't use the air conditioning and I would be in heating pads and I would just be drenched, sweating to death trying to get my muscles to let go and they just wouldn't. And, um, so anyway, that's, that's concerning to me. I don't, I do not wanna go back on that drug, but I'm, um, um, I am concerned about it because, oh, you know, it could be, it could be really bad news for me and it certainly, I mean, I, I was up at, like, you know, how often happens. I was, wait until 4 30 this morning because I couldn't, the pain was just too bad and I kept using the vibrator and the heating pad and he heating pad and I just couldn't, couldn't hardly get it to. Well, seems like once I started, been able to walk, it got, when it started getting better, the movement helped it. But it was the, the big challenge for me because walking, of course is what I couldn't do for so long. Maybe not being able to walk because of the fatigue and then the storm and everything else is probably making it worse too. Bye.
Nurse: Ok. Got you. Yeah. Maybe make mention of that to, to [PHI-Personal]. She might, have you seen like, different specialists for this
Patient: Issue? I'm not for a lot, not for a number of years, but I did when it first happened. I mean, I ended up in the, er, at [PHI-Geographic]. They've heard they've actually thought it was the carBAMazepine I was on initially. But, um, and then I, uh, you know, I saw a couple of different neurologist, like the, you know, supposedly the two top neurologists in the Tampa Bay area and I was begging the one at us f because he was just, you know, he wasn't really, at, after a point he didn't even think he was trying to figure it out. He just said there are at least hundreds of muscle disorders and not impossible to know. But, um, so finally, I mean, I got where I couldn't, I couldn't drive and, you know, I couldn't, I didn't have anybody to drive me to Tampa anymore and I couldn't do it myself. So I just eventually stopped going because the neurologist weren't helping me anyway. And, um, and then I also, I think I saw a rheumatologist or two and, um, I even saw somebody at us f I [PHI-Personal] to stand it. I thought maybe it was MS because doctor, after one point actually thought it was because there was some lesion in my brain. And, uh, but then the MS specialist, I didn't actually see the actual specialist, but more than one minute, he, he, I had to see somebody else like, under him or whatever and he didn't spend much time with me, but he said it was not MS. So I'm just sort of, it just, I just gave up hope of trying to figure out what it was, but it but it became, it was episodic. The first episode was by far the worst. The second one was really bad too. But then the one after that started lessening where I could tolerate them. And then after I started being able to walk again, it got much better. And then when I tried to, I cut back on the nortriptyline a little bit. I really wanna get off that damn drug because it's giving me dementia. But, but just trying to cut it was extremely difficult. II, I developed IB SS and, and my muscle pain was extremely bad from that. And that was surprising too. So then I got stuck, not being able to cut that anymore. So then after a year II, I cut the carBAMazepine instead and, and I'm, I'm surprised actually I'm happy that I'm able to get off of it. But this muscle thing is the, is the problem because I know I said I, I can, I'm so surprised that these drugs were helping that because, because of how bad it was in the beginning when it first started and I, that I was already on these drugs. So I didn't have any idea they were helping that, but they must have been. Mhm.
Nurse: Yeah. Goodness. Yeah. So it seems like you've, you've gone through this, uh, for a while and we still can't really figure out what's going on.
Patient: Yeah. It's really frustrating. I mean, when I, uh, I remember when I saw doctor and I was frustrated after a few years of him not knowing what was wrong. He said he told me that on average it takes about nine years of, of, you know, really searching to get a diagnosis for things like this. Mhm. At this point it's been over nine years. But the problem is I ran, you know, I didn't have the money to keep seeing these specialists and I didn't have the ability to, you know, and there's not [PHI-Personal] doc, my primary care doctor, Doctor [PHI-Personal], whom I really like, there's terrible doctors in my area when I wouldn't have moved here if I have really realized how bad and I just can't get far enough to Tampa or whatever to see the, the kind of doctors I really need to see. There's only like two or three neurologists even around here and they get like, one star reviews and they don't even call you back. And even Doctor [PHI-Personal] told me one time not to, not to see them. So they're really bad. So, anyway, I just kind of been stuck with not being able to really seeing anybody but I wish I could, I wish I had the resources and ability to re, to, to revisit it because it has been a number of years now. Maybe, maybe, you know, at this point, somebody would know something more, somebody else that can maybe figure it out.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. I, I wish I had answers for you as well. Um And
Patient: I, I few years back, I ran into this woman, he had been a nurse and his husband was a physician who had had recently passed at that time. And I asked her something because she had this really cool cane. And I asked her about it. And the, um, they told me when we started talking, she had seen doctor and she knew all these, all these doctors, right. And so one of her friends told her she needed to look into that six person syndrome and go back and ask doctor about it and when she did and he actually tested for it because he hadn't tested her for it before he found out she had it. And so she was really convinced that that was what was wrong with me too. But I don't know. But, um, and she was telling me I need to go [PHI-Personal] to get back to him and make him test me for it too. But, uh, it's kind of interesting though.
Nurse: Yeah. Goodness. So, yeah, definitely make mention of that to [PHI-Personal]. Um, she might defer that to doctor [PHI-Personal] because it sounds rather complicated.
Patient: Um, but, yeah, well, and I haven't, I just figured I was when I see Doctor [PHI-Personal], um, because I have an appointment with her [PHI-Personal] 1st that I would talk to her about, I definitely was gonna talk to her about the call about it again, you know.
Nurse: Yeah. But at least for now you can see [PHI-Personal] for the throat issue and like you said, she can culture it and they can see what's going on and maybe get you um antibiotics or whatever the case may be.
Patient: Ok? Alrighty. So I'm
Nurse: Gonna follow up with you probably on Monday just to see how everything went if you have any questions concerns whatever the case may be. Um but yeah you're all set for this afternoon if you can make it. And like I said, uh, you know how to reach me if you need something. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Did you, um, you did, you said you live out of state? Is that what you told me?
Nurse: Yes, ma'am. I live in [PHI-Geographic].
Patient: Oh, wow. Oh, I'm from [PHI-Geographic]. So.
Nurse: Oh, yeah, we're neighbors. That's interesting.
Patient: Yeah. So, so this little tropical storm we had the last couple days is pretty intense. But the, my biggest challenge is trying to get my little dog out of because I was like, I don't know what strength of wind, but she's like 15 lbs and blow her away because we had a storm here once when I had my chihuahua. Um, I was out in the yard with them and it literally the wind picked him up and blew him across my yard. Gave me a heart attack.
Nurse: Yeah. Goodness. Yeah, that's scary. Um,
Patient: I thought it,
Nurse: Yeah, we do not want that to happen. That is scary. But yeah, the winds. Um, from what I hear from other patients were pretty bad. A lot of my, my native [PHI-Geographic] patients weren't too concerned. I think they're just so used to these storms and these tropical storms and everything. Um, but certainly if you have a
Patient: Pet, I, I was watching the and more than, well, yeah, because she won't, my, my little dog won't go on potty pad and she certainly won't go in the house. And so I had to go out with her. So that was not fun at. No. Safe. Yeah. So
Nurse: That's scary. But like you said, what else can you do? Really?
Patient: My biggest problem here is the, the water, the storm surge I have to worry about. And that's the scariest thing. Mhm. But that kills more people than anything in the hurricanes. And I'm three miles from the Gulf and, but I am in all those, uh, evacuation routes and stuff. So, oh, I don't like that.
Nurse: Yeah, I would be nervous because I'm not, you know, a [PHI-Geographic] native. So I would be concerned. Like, what, what the heck are we talking about here?
Patient: Well, I tell you, I live here since [PHI-Personal] and, and until recent years, people just, nobody was afraid and we just ignored everything they said. Right. And then after the first bad storm now it's so extreme. It's the opposite. I mean, if there's even a hint of a storm, like a tropical wave that might be developing off the coast of [PHI-Geographic] is where they all come from. Literally that there's no water on the shelf in the Groce store flies because everybody has, like, two weeks before we even the storm coming. Mhm. Yeah. Oh, I really wish, I know it's safe but I, I wish it back the old days you have stuff on hand, you know. Yeah.
Nurse: Um, yeah. Goodness. So, yeah, like I said, I'll check in on you on Monday. Um, and then I hope this gets taken care of. They can at least figure out what's wrong with your throat and then we'll move on to the muscle weakness in the back.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think my back will, will, you know, be ok here. Yeah, it'll probably just take some time. Ok.
Nurse: Yeah, no problem [PHI-Personal], I'll talk to you soon.
Patient: Ok. Have a good weekend. You too. Thank you. Bye bye bye
Nurse: Bye.
