Nurse: Good morning. This is
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. Hey, [PHI-Personal]. This is Ter.
Nurse: Hi, how are you?
Patient: Well, I'm ok, but I have a question for you. Ok. Um, um, I fainted yesterday. Oh, no. And I, yeah, and I'm a little banged up. But the question is, um, all spring, I'm on a BP medicine. Losartan. Ok. And all spring, you know, I'd be down gardening and stand up then I would, you know, sort of get dizzy and it's been going on since like [PHI-Personal] and usually with that it's BP medicine. So this summer I lost 10 lbs this summer. And this last time yesterday I was down working toward the ground, wiping off stuff on the porch. We had just finished a four mile walk. I was doing stuff. We had a lot of water and I stood up and bang just it. I reached for the railing and boom, woke up with a pretty good skin elbow and I hit my face and the whole bit. So do I need to go in or do I just know that it's the BP medicine?
Nurse: Um, you know, let me just see here. Um, for, did you happen to take your BP after, like, once you kind of came back around or had your husband help you take your BP to kind of see where that was running at.
Patient: No, mostly we just ran for ice because I'm a musician and I've got a big gig in two weeks and I hit my upper lip pretty hard. Yeah. You,
Nurse: It, oh, my goodness.
Patient: Mostly we just ran and I thought my elbow might be broken. So we ran for ice and stuff.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. So tell me, do you still have, I mean, some pretty significant pain in your elbow. Are you able to move it? Um, feel like you have? No? Ok.
Patient: Ok. Yeah, it's fine. There's a really big bruise and that's about it.
Nurse: That's about it. Ok. Ok. Um, and nowhere else like your nose. Um, not, you're not having a ton of pain anywhere in your face or anything. Ok.
Patient: No, it's just going to be bruising, I
Nurse: Think bruising. Ok. So I think it would be appropriate. So, what I can do is I'll let [PHI-Personal] Moon know that you did faint yesterday. Um, and that, uh, you know, typically a lot of times it's got something to do with your, uh, blood, like BP medications. My goodness, I can't talk this morning. Um, she has
Patient: Already changed it twice because of that.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah.
Patient: Ok. So
Nurse: See what, and I'll see what, you know, uh, what I would suggest is just continue to, you know, monitor, um, excuse me how you feel and keep using the ice. And, um, you know, if you still, as things kind of start to, you know, you start to heal up towards the end of the week. Um, if you're still having any pain with any movement, um, you know, with your arm or your elbow, um, you know, any pain in your face that comes about, um, other than the bruising, uh, just, you know, just let us know or you start to have anything that's, you know, abnormal, you know, for any bleeding or anything like that. Um, just kind of give us a heads up and we'll, you know, we'll kind of get, we'll get you worked in at that point, you know, to, to be seen, but I think it's appropriate at this point, um, to just kind of keep an eye on things. Um, and like I said, I'll let [PHI-Personal] know that you have, have fallen, see if she wants to change anything with your Losartan. Um, and then if she does, then I can give you a call back with, you know, with that information. Um, or if she just says, you know, continue to monitor at this point. Um, floor. Do you have, so with, do you get busy pretty much every day while you're outside, busy work and doing things or is it,
Patient: Um, yeah, it's every time, every time I'm low to the ground or my head is down like, you know, cleaning something on the floor of the car. Um, every single time I stand back up, I'm a little bit dizzy.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. Now, when you go to stand back up, are you like, um, uh, are you move like moving slow as far as like changing positions, like slowly, um, coming back up and kind of giving your body, um, a few minutes to kind of adjust as far as, you know, say you were kneeled down to the ground. Um, and let's say you stood, you know, kind of, you were still on your knees, but then you put your, you, you know, stood straight up. Not, um, and then we then kind of give yourself that time
Patient: For the most part. Yes, because I'm aware that that's gonna happen. Um, yesterday when I fainted, I stood right up and, and knew it just
Nurse: Shit. Ok. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. Um, and you know, we
Patient: Do, we do yoga every morning. We do about half an hour to 40 minutes and I am never dizzy standing up from that. So I'm aware that something works.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. You know,
Patient: I just don't always remember that.
Nurse: No, that, no, that's understandable. I just, you know, sometimes I, I know we kind of tend to, to forget those, you know, slow the slower movements that, you know, if you've got to get up and go run and answer the phone or you know, something, there's something that you need to go, go do next and yeah, it's, it's easy for that to, to slip your mind or kind of not remember to, you know, hey, I need to move slow or things like that. So that definitely makes sense. Um, ok, so I think we'll just continue to, um, you know, you keep an eye on things, you let us know if anything changes. Um, I would say that it would also be appropriate too that if at any point you develop any sort of dizziness. Um, you know, and you said you did hit your, you did hit your head yesterday. So actually I think
Patient: I just, it, it's, it's, you know, between my nose and my, my upper teeth, I've got a really good bruise there but that bruise, that's all I hit. Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. And you've not had any further dizziness, no headaches. Um, no, nothing like that since you fell. Ok. Ok. Um, would you prefer to be, I mean, do you, would you like to be seen, checked out to be sure that there's, you know, nothing further going on or do you feel like you, um, you know, with no headaches, no dizziness, anything like that, um, that you just wanna continue to monitor at home,
Patient: I just wanna monitor. I mean, this has been going on for so long that I'm, I'm fairly used to it and I realize it's BP meds. Ok. Um, it just was unusual yesterday to actually faint. That was, that, that part was really scary. Yeah.
Nurse: Absolutely. Definitely. You know, and I would also say too, just to kind of also be, since you did hit essentially, you know, a portion of your, your head, you know, I mean, it's, it's your whole, whether that's your face whatnot. Um, just kind of be on the lookout for any nausea, vomiting, um, you know, further dizziness. Um, you know, and, and just be very cautious, I would say, you know, I would, I would be sure to definitely rest today if you can, um, try not to over overdo it just because, you know, you had, uh, if you did you fall on the cement or did you fall into the, like the grass? Ok.
Patient: Cement. Ok. I've got a good news on my knee. My, I, my whole left arm, the whole, um, underneath on the bone got scraped and there's some blood above my elbow and it was, it was a good one.
Nurse: Yeah. Goodness. Ok. Yeah, definitely. Um, but yes, those and those, those signs and symptoms, you know, as far as if you have any of those, you know, definitely let us know right away because we always worry about, you know, when you, somebody does hit their head regardless of where at, on their head, if we worry about, you know, the concussions or, you know, things like that. So, um, just kind of keep an eye on those and definitely take it easy. Don't, uh, don't be, uh, doing anything ex extensive today, I would say. Um, there's
Patient: No miles on our future.
Nurse: No. Ok. And then I will let [PHI-Personal] know that you had, you know, that you had fallen and fainted yesterday. Um, see if there's anything further she wants to do or have you do and I'll let her know at this point, you know what we've talked about and then that way she's at least aware and if she's got anything further to suggest, then we can, you know, take it from there. Um All right. And then you just let us know if anything changes. Ok. [PHI-Personal],
Patient: I will. Thanks for the help. I appreciate it and
Nurse: No problem. You have a good day. You too. Thank you. Bye bye.
