Nurse: Hi, good afternoon. This is [PHI-Personal]. How may I help you?
Patient: Hi, it's a yes. Uh, the MRI is it le it's on the Hershey's side. So you may may or may not have it. All
Nurse: Right. Let's see here. Haven't got it yet. So, what, what are they saying? Well,
Patient: Findings, yeah, findings, abdomen, liver gallbladder, slash teeth slash bile ducts. Uh left hepatic load. T two hyperintense, peripherally enhancing lesion occupying the majority of the left hepatic load load measuring approximately 14.4 times 13.2 times 8.4 centimeters. OK. It was pre previously measured at 14 times, 12.2 times 8.5 when measured similarly. Ok. Uh Additional T two hyperintense lesions of the right hepatic lobe. Largest me measuring 17 millimeters. Oh, in the hepatic dome, 13 millime meters in hepatic segment 78 and 21 milli and 21 millimeters in hepatic segment six. These are unchanged from prior exams. Well,
Nurse: That's good then. So, so you knew that you had something going on in the past then that they were watching. Yes.
Patient: OK. These lesions, I'm sorry, these lesions demonstrate peripheral enhancement, likely, same process as large left hepatic lesion. OK. So, yeah, I mean, I, I wasn't aware there were two of these I but apparently they showed up in a prior pancreas. Pancreas is normal in size and contour. Uh you know, it's normal, spleen is normal, right? Adrenal gland is not present that was removed a while ago. Um Kidneys collecting system and ureters symmetrical uh symmetric kidney, no hyper, I'm sorry, no hydro nephrosis. Uh bilateral cysts and too small to characterize t uh T two hyperintensities of the kidneys, retro adenoma lymph nodes and vessels small port uh caval lymph nodes are unchanged, arterial sclero sclerotic changes in aorta normal IVC, no vascular, abnormally abnormal T uh about slash T slash mesenteric, no bowel wall, thickening, no inflammatory changes, no obstructions, normal me. Ok. Ok. Up upper pelvis, unremarkable osseous and body wall, multilevel gen, degenerative changes of the spine, partially. Uh you uh well, then it talks about the fusion uh impression hepatic lesions, largest in the left hepatic lobe which occupies the majority of that lobe are stable in appearance. The largest lesion is stable to minimally increased in size. Uh from [PHI-Personal]. Those lesions were present dating back to [PHI-Personal] per CT report. Uh Findings are compatible with hemangioma. Ok. Ok. Um That's, that doesn't tell me much about why my stomach's all blown up from my.
Nurse: Yeah. Um Well, and they, they may end up doing another ultrasound. Uh I, I'm just, I'm writing to [PHI-Personal] and saying patient states he got results of MRI and you said that was on the Hershey portal? I'm sorry, what it that
Patient: Was on. I had it done at [PHI-Geographic]
Nurse: [PHI-Geographic]. Ok. Um oh [PHI-Geographic] portal. Um and the patient states he got results of MRI on Penn [PHI-Geographic] portal. Can you pull a copy to review for him before the end of the day and give him results? He's reading everything off to me. Sounds like most of the lesions are unchanged, but I am not qualified to read the, I mean, I can kind of tell you what it means, but I am not qualified on my level of RN and to interpret that. OK? Um So I want to look at it but I'm glad you were able to see it. So I'm sending this over to see if they can take care of it and I'm sending it as a priority message.
Patient: So OK. Um If you want, I could probably uh yeah, I um pretty sure I can save this and email it to you.
Nurse: OK? And, and if you can send it to the portal, that's great. But we'll get them as long as we know they're out. Um we can, we can get them fairly quickly. So I'm like I said, gonna send it as a priority message. Yeah, it's just a matter of requesting it. We don't interface and with the hospital portals. Um so they have to actually fax to us. But if we ask for them, we'll get them pretty quickly. So.
Patient: Ok. Ok. Well, I read it to you and I think, I think we got the whole thing.
Nurse: Yeah, like I said, uh, you know, not hearing anything about the C word as we talked about. So that's good. You know, the hemangioma and things like I said, are a big vessel group of vessels. So let's see what [PHI-Personal] has to say and go from there. But deep breath, it doesn't answer your question, but it sounds like pretty good news. Ok. That's so.
Patient: All right.
Nurse: All right, send this over to for letting me know that it's out there. Take care.
Patient: All right. Bye bye. Bye
Nurse: Bye.
