Nurse: Hi, this is Megan. Yes, Megan. This is Cheryl Hart. 8148322518. Did someone just call me from this number? Hi. Yes, it was me. Ok. I'm not, I'm not sure what happened. Uh you couldn't hear me but I could hear you. Uh well. Ok. Yeah, so I actually just left you a voice mail in which you can disregard. Ok, sorry about that. Ok. It's like I don't have an appointment until the end of the month. Yeah. So um, do you have a minute to chat with me? Sure. Ok, perfect. Actually I just came in from mowing grass and I could use a sit down. Nice. Yes, you could and you can hear me. Ok. Right. Yes, I can. Ok. All right. So let me just tell you real quick that this call is gonna be recorded for training purposes. Ok. Ok. And the reason I was calling is because I received a referral from doctor Lily requesting your enrollment for her new care management program. Oh, sneaky little thing, isn't she? I know you can't turn your back on that woman. She and I've been friends for a long time so I can say that. Oh, that's cool. That's very cool. Now, are you familiar with her care management program at all? I got a letter in the mail about something like this. Oh. And I thought, well, is this gonna turn out to be something like telehealth or? I don't know. But anyway, I, I got a letter and that's all I know. Ok. Yeah, some patients got letters and some patients did not. So basically the care management program is a phone call from Doctor Lily's Care Management nurse. Uh huh. And your nurse would basically just call, you check in, make sure that you're feeling good and continuing to feel good in between office visits. Ok. Ok. But you would also be able to call your nurse if you needed help with things like medication refills. Oh, test results. Yeah. Um, or if you had any medical questions or concerns you could reach out to your, to your care management nurse. Ok. So it is a billable service to Medicare. Medicare Advantage and secondary insurance plans. Ok. And the calls are subject to deductibles, copays and co insurance. Ok. Now, when you go to her office, do you normally have a copay? No. All right. So then you should not be responsible for any out of pocket cost for your care management call. Ok. And you would be able to choose how frequently your nurse called you. Um, yeah, we have some patients that get calls once a month. Some patients get calls every three or just every six months. That is your choice. Ok. And Doctor Lily does get documentation of those calls sent to her as part of your medical record. Ok. So do you think I can set you up for a morning or an afternoon call from your nurse? Um, boy, probably, I'm usually don't go for the most part. Um What time would they start? Um, so our nurses start at 8 a.m. Well, I probably will have had my first cup of coffee by then. So you're an, or you're an early, more an early riser then? No, not really. No, I get up and I start drinking coffee and then by about nine o'clock I'm fit to get, put my pants on and start the day. I love it. Yeah. So, yeah, you know, um, I, I usually, um, like an 8 30 probably would work. Ok, something like that. All right. So I'll note in here calls after 8 30. Yeah. And then I do need to mail you some welcome information. Sure. I have that. Your address is 140, Adams Drive, William Williamsburg. 16693. Ok. And then the number that I'm speaking with you on now, the 8148322518. Is that the best number? Yeah, that's, that's the house phone. Ok. And you would prefer her call her call that one correct. I would because cell service down here in this valley is horrid. Oh, right. I'm ge, I'm getting that a lot from patients but the cell phone service is not good. So, all right. So I'll go ahead and mail you out that information. Um, it will be documented in your chart that you got set up for your care management call. Now is the first one just I should be looking for it or do we set up the when I have an appointment with Tracy on the 24th? So your nurse should reach out to you within the next two weeks or so. Ok. Ok. Alrighty. Alright, tell her, you know, if I would happen to be outside the barn or something, just leave a message. It's so it's fine to leave a message here that you know, any, you know, my husband could hear. That's no big deal. Ok, perfect. I know there's a thing on that, but it's fine to leave a message here. Ok, I will let, I will note that in your chart. Ok. All right. Well, thanks for calling me back Cheryl. I appreciate it. Well, I was sort of expecting this and I was hoping that it would come up on my caller ID as a number that would be this rather than, you know, something that I'm just not going to answer because I don't recognize it. Now, did it, did it come up on your caller? It came up Broad top medical. Ok, good. Yeah, some, some patients it does and some it doesn't, which doesn't make any sense but, but yeah, um and the nurse's number will be on that information that I'm gonna mail you. Ok? Thank you so much and you're welcome so much. I hope you have a great rest of your day. Oh, just gonna take a break and finish the finish mowing. Um Good for you. Enjoy your day. I'll throw a minute here. Thanks Megan. You're welcome. Bye bye bye.
