Nurse: Care management. This is [PHI-Personal]. Can I help you? Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal]. [PHI-Personal]. How you doing? Good, good. And yourself? Not bad. How was your Thanksgiving?
Patient: Uh, it was good. Yeah. Yep, it was good. Yep. I had a nice meal, got invited over to a friend's house and she's an excellent cook. So, and she gave me a lot of leftovers. So. 00,
Nurse: That's nice. Yes,
Patient: That's the best part.
Nurse: Good for you. Good to have friends that know how to cook for
Patient: Sure. Yeah, I had a, I had to do a few favors for her. So good.
Nurse: Oh, absolutely good. I'm glad. How have you been doing the last month or so?
Patient: Good. Good. Been busy with the, with the weather's been, you know,
Nurse: How much snow did you guys get? Four
Patient: And a half feet? [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: God, it's too early for that. Tell me. Now, what are you doing as far as snow removal? You're not doing a lot of shoveling. Are you?
Patient: Uh, yeah.
Nurse: Oh, geez. And, you know, you got to be careful with that. Not only physically but I, you know, with your back but your heart too. I mean, not that you have bad heart but anybody, you have to be super
Patient: Careful. I realized I'm getting older. Well, I got wore out pretty
Nurse: Good. Yeah, the cold makes your heart work harder and when you're lifting that heavy snow, oh, was it?
Patient: It wasn't that cold? No. And that was, I wish it was cold because, uh, there was a lot of moisture in the, in the, in the snow and, uh, especially when you're, you know, I was going out, uh, I was snow blowing three times a day and, uh, oh, I had to just to keep up otherwise a snow blower wouldn't [PHI-Personal] go through it. It was that heavy. And I've been snowing, I've been shoveling since yesterday. I finally finished.
Nurse: Really? Now, what are you shoveling? Like, just your walkways or where are you shoveling for other people?
Patient: Uh, well, I had a, um, another lady down the street that I do favors for. She called me up. She wanted me to shove her sidewalk and I went over and she's, she's [PHI-Personal] years old and I think she's kind of losing it and, and, uh, it was 4.5 ft of snow and it took me 2.5 hours to shovel.
Nurse: I, and you couldn't bring your snow blower into that
Patient: Wouldn't touch it. Oh, no. Wouldn't touch it. It was too, it was just too heavy, you know, because I've, [PHI-Personal] a snow blower was, mine was plugging up every 10 15 ft. It was just packing in. It wouldn't [PHI-Personal] blow. It was so heavy on the bottom. So you had to do it once you got, once you got through the first run, then I just do, uh, like a third of it. Uh, you know, uh, so it would just take, I just take a little at a time when I was going through, you know, that's the only way it would work. Shit. I went through five gallons of gas. So, come
Nurse: On.
Patient: Oh, but I was, I was tired. But, uh, yeah, I bet you
Nurse: Were.
Patient: Jeez. Yeah. So that's a lot. Oh, I was. Oh, yeah. Mhm. I realize. I'm, I'm not as young as I used to be. Well,
Nurse: You know, and you're, you're active and you're, you're healthy, you know, it's like, and that, that, that would wear anybody out. So, jeez, it's, it's too bad that, and I know you want to be neighborly and I know you want to help people. I get that. But jeez, maybe some of these people better, like, hire somebody with a
Patient: Plow or something point where I, I'm gonna have to tell him that. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. I mean, right in the tractor and mowing the lawn or something that's a little different, I think. But that's no removal. That's a killer. Oh. Well, you made it through
Patient: This one. Yep. That was good.
Nurse: That is good. That is good. So, have you had any visits with any medical providers in the last month or so?
Patient: Um, I'm trying to think. I had my colonoscopy and then I had a [PHI-Personal]. I had a, uh, call back, uh, a couple of week ago, uh, to get the results of it, you know. Mhm. And he said everything looked, uh, looked pretty good. Um, he did a, a number of biopsies and, uh, they all came back clear. They're still right toward the real bottom. I don't know what he said. But, uh, uh, they're still, you could tell they were still irritated and they probably always will be, you know, because of the damage that was done down there but nothing, nothing new or, you know, no, nothing new or really bad. No. So he said, II, I got, uh, I don't need another one for two years. Oh, good. And I said, well, we'll discuss that in two years.
Nurse: Yeah. Give you time to forget about the prep. Yeah. Jeez. So, well, you know, that's why you're doing so good, [PHI-Personal]. It's, you know, that close, follow up and making sure things, you know, he's,
Patient: No, he's a sticker to trust me. Yeah. Yeah. No, everything, uh, the, uh, Crohn's and that is, uh, you know, knock on wood here. Uh, if I didn't, if I wasn't taking the meds, I wouldn't [PHI-Personal] know I had Crohn's actually, um, my issues are, are better than they were when I was younger, you know. Oh, yeah. Ok. Yeah. So, no, that's a good, just the other, just getting older. I know. I'm not liking that part. It's just my memory gets, oh, Christ drives me nuts. Yeah. Yeah, I do forget a lot. Yeah. So, but there's nothing I can do about that. So I just, you know, do
Nurse: The best you can. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah. It's gonna come. So, hm. That is what it is.
Nurse: Now, you were tested for that, right. Yeah. Right. Yeah. And what did they, what did they end up telling
Patient: You? Uh, she wasn't too concerned. She said it was part of getting older. Yeah. Yeah. Ok. But I really, my, me, my memory was never good anyways dy, [PHI-Personal] when I was younger I, I forget names and all that, you know, in, in, in, uh, in, uh, in school, a study, study study and then I forget half of what I studied, you know? Yeah. Um, so I, I knew, I knew it wasn't gonna be good to get older. So, I, it's an age thing and it's, you know, nothing you can do about it, you know? Really?
Nurse: Sure. And, you know, it's just how you handle it. So, if you know specifically, oh, God, I can't remember it just as an example. Take my medications every day, you know, little yellow sticky notes or set alarms on your phone or, you know, I can't tell you, I mean, I go out and I might, you know, meet somebody and, you know, someone at my kid's school or something and then I, I have to put their name in my phone because I'm like, I'll never remember that.
Patient: I don't remember names at all. Yeah. It's hard. Uh, baby. Especially when they, you know, I run into em. Oh, so, and so how are you? You know, and then maybe, ah, uh, two hours later I'll say, oh, shit, that was Jack or something. Realize it. But it's, yeah, it's too late then.
Nurse: Yeah. And people, people probably don't [PHI-Personal] realize it half the time. But, you know, some of
Patient: Them do. And I, I, and a lot of people, a lot of my friends, I just tell them, I said, you know, if I screw up, uh, you know, I screw up, you know, I'm having these issues and that's the way it is. So that's it.
Nurse: Yeah, I'm sure, you know, anybody worth having as a friend is not gonna mind trouble
Patient: Under my partner, you know? II, I told [PHI-Personal] last year I says [PHI-Personal], I said, you know, kind of keep track of if I'm having trouble on a whole keep track of my strokes because by the end I'm saying shit, well, you know, yeah. How many times did I hit the ball? And I, and I really don't, don't remember. And time will, you gotta, you gotta, you know, you got fight strokes here. I said, ok, Thanks. I don't want people to think I'm cheating, you
Nurse: Know that? No, of course. Now, when you golf like that, do you keep track, like, on, like a pen and paper or? No?
Patient: No, I haven't got that. I really
Nurse: Wanna get, I mean, normally do people not do that? Yeah.
Patient: They have these beads you can do on that. You know, a lot of the women use the beads. Oh. Not like
Nurse: Mini golf where they give you the little pencil and the little piece of paper, mini golf. Yeah. Ok.
Patient: So, but no, it, it's just, uh, you know, if I set something down II, I could spend, I probably spend two hours a day looking for stuff. I sit down. Really? Oh, yeah. Yeah, I set down my glasses some place. I got reading glasses and that and the others and, ah, they, they could be lost for days. Mm. Coffee cup. Yeah. I, uh, I'm still looking for that at some point. I have no idea. Really? No, I'm serious.
Nurse: Where the heck could you have gone with your coffee
Patient: Cup? I, for God, you, you name it, I put it someplace, you know? Really? It's, it's, it's amazing some of the stuff and I'll, and I'm finding that putting stuff back in different places and it always goes.
Nurse: Yeah. I know exactly what you
Patient: Mean. What gets me? I said, oh, jeez, what the hell is that doing there? That's supposed to be you know, a, you know, so now are you, I can, you know, do
Nurse: You feel like you got, like, well, you said you've had this problem for a long time? But do you feel like if you have a lot on your mind that's worse? Like some people kind of feel like sometimes people have so much going on in their mind that it only holds so much, like, stuff that they're worrying about or they got to do or they're on the go all the time. And, yeah,
Patient: When I get, uh, when I get a lot going, yeah, something's really major going on. Yes. Mhm. Yeah. And there's days where, ah, it, there's some days where it's really good and other days it's, I, and I know, I know when I'm not good, I can tell the difference. Ok. I can really tell the difference. I'll say, oh, this is going to be a bad day, you know, I try to stay away from things in people, you know, that day, you know. Yeah. Uh, but I, I can't tell when I'm going to have a, you know, some days are better than others.
Nurse: Yeah. You know, I kind of feel like, I don't know for certain, but most of the people that I've known that have had actual, like, dementia, they don't real, like, they, they might realize something's wrong but they're not as in tune with it as you are. So, that's why I'm kind of feeling like,
Patient: You know, my buddy has, uh, that, uh, uh, you know, he was my boss and we've been friends for [PHI-Personal] years, you know, whatever, very good friends. And he has dementia now. So it's very hard because he, um, he realizes something's wrong but he doesn't accept it, you know. And, uh, he'll, he'll tell you one thing one day. He, he can't remember from day to day. See. Right. You know, and that's true. Dementia. I mean, he's got it right. And we all, and we got to, we got to play kid gloves with him a lot of times, you know, and he really has an accept it or you get up and said I had already told you that, you know, ok, you know, whatever, you know. Yeah. So, uh, that's normally like what I see. Yeah, near that. I know that. Yeah. Yeah, mine is not dementia. It's just, just
Nurse: Some memory issues. Right. Right. Thank God. Yeah. You're very, very aware of what's going on. Oh,
Patient: I'm very aware what's going on, of course. Yep. Mhm.
Nurse: Yeah, that's, that's a tough one. Especially if like, you don't really know what the cause is it, is it just age related, there is some age related, you know, loss of memory. Um, but, you know, and, and you've, I know you've been dealing with this for, for a little while now. It's not brand new. No. You
Patient: Know, if you really noticed it about two years ago. Is it two years? Yeah. Two years. Yeah.
Nurse: It's, and that's why when they do that, that annual Wellness visit in the office, it's awful. I know. I, I couldn't pass the memory test if you paid me. II, I couldn't, my brain doesn't work like that, like, draw a clock backwards and all that stuff. I'm like, oh, it's,
Patient: It's not as bad for me because I'm, I'm totally concentrating, you know, I don't [PHI-Personal] listen to what she's talking about, you know, really in a sense. But if she mentions the three things that I just keep going through my mind and that's all you're worried
Nurse: About. I know. And
Patient: So that way I can handle it pretty good, you know, there's just one thing I have to remember, you know, or the five things, whatever, you know. And I, I usually get them, you know. So,
Nurse: Sure, sure. That makes sense.
Patient: That makes sense. But that's total concentration. II, I blank out everything else.
Nurse: That's it. And the rest of the visit is nonsense because you don't [PHI-Personal] know what she said. Yeah, I get it. It's kind of like, I don't know why they do it that way. I don't know. Yeah.
Patient: It, it really isn't. Yeah, I guess, I don't know. Maybe it does evaluate. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. But, you know, something to think about. I know everybody has, you know, stuff on their mind and everybody has, you know, um, you know, not necessarily anxiety but, you know, they get worried about things, especially nowadays. So. Oh, yeah. Yeah. If you feel like you have that kind of thing going on and you feel like, oh, geez, it's not going to be a great day. Maybe, you know, just anything that might kind of clear your mind a little bit, might help a little as far as, you know, I know you're active but not going out and doing stuff for people. But taking a, a nice walk where you're, where that you enjoy. Oh, II, I
Patient: Do things like that. Good
Nurse: Every day. Listening to some music that you might like
Patient: Earlier. I was on the treadmill, you know. Oh, good. That's, that's good. I do the three, I do three miles every day, whether it's bad weather, bad weather, if it's bad weather, I do it inside. Sure.
Nurse: Even like some deep breathing. Um, just something to try to clear everything out and then hopefully, maybe it'll kind of adjust your focus a little bit. Um, but that I'll tell you, it happens to a lot of people. The, my big thing is, and it happens to me constantly. I go into another room and I forget what I went in the room for.
Patient: And how do you think I get a good workout? You couldn't tell, I couldn't tell you how many times I went upstairs. I had to come back down and go up again and still forget. Yeah. Like
Nurse: You have, no, it's like your brain just like, there's like a, a break in the synapse or something. It's like, how does that [PHI-Personal] happen? Then I go back in the other room and I'm like, ok, what was I doing? How do I try to remember this? And finally you remember? Then you go.
Patient: Exactly. Oh, yeah. Yeah. It's the worst part of my work. I consider that part of my work out. Ok.
Nurse: Oh, that's funny. So, um, [PHI-Personal] wants me because believe it or not, it's the last month of the year and she wants me to just update your wellness goals, that letter that we send out every year. So I know you've seen the gastroenterologist. I know that that's so, so I'll mark that down. How about, did you get the flu
Patient: Shot? Yes, I'm also.
Nurse: Yep. All right. When do you think you got that, like in [PHI-Personal]?
Patient: Uh, uh, it was two weeks after I got my, the other shot. Mm. Yeah, it would be, uh. Mhm. Yeah, it would
Nurse: Be in around. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah, I waited, uh, because I got my other, uh, shot for the, uh, booster shot. So I waited a couple of weeks. So, and I got the booster shot in the first part of [PHI-Personal]. So it'd be about the end of [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. Ok.
Nurse: Yeah. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. All right. And then I'm just looking at your blood work.
Patient: I get that every three months.
Nurse: Ok. Every three months. So. Ok. So then you're due [PHI-Personal] and you're having your wellness visit? [PHI-Personal]. So, um,
Patient: I don't think so.
Nurse: No.
Patient: What, which one do you have?
Nurse: I have you down with an, for, um, um, let me just triple check this for, um, your yearly Medicare Wellness visit and visit with [PHI-Personal] on [PHI-Personal]. Right at 9 a.m.
Patient: Mhm. Right. I got that. Yeah, I do have that. Yeah. So
Nurse: That visit,
Patient: But my blood work, I just had it done. I just had it done on, uh, [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal] something.
Nurse: Oh, you know what? She does not have blood work
Patient: Ordered. Right. Because II, I get it right. Ok. She adds on what she feels. Uh, I might, she wants to check on. Mhm. She adds on and I just, uh, do that. So I, I just had full blood work done in [PHI-Personal]. Ok.
Nurse: And I do see she has something here from, from [PHI-Personal] 31st.
Patient: That's the
Nurse: One. Ok. Good. So that'll be there
Patient: For blood work there. Look, I don't know, I don't know what the hell they mean. But there were a couple high, a couple low, but the main things were really
Nurse: Good. Not too bad. Ok. But I'm glad to hear that the
Patient: Inflammation, you know, area. Yeah, that's important. That was, uh, normal or it was 0.3. It's been that the last two blood works, which is great because that tells you the. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah, sure tells
Patient: You. Ok. There's no whatever is on there.
Nurse: How about, um, the dentist? You've been to the dentist this year? Yes.
Patient: Yep. And, yeah, he wants his money. I've been, uh, I just had a cleaning done a couple. Yep.
Nurse: Ok. Yep. And how about your eyes? Have you had your eyes checked?
Patient: No, that's, that's one thing, uh, I'm gonna make an eye appointment. Um, so I'm waiting for all this to get over with. Mhm.
Nurse: Yeah, I, I understand. Um,
Patient: The, uh, yeah, I'm having trouble. Uh, my night vision is terrible and, uh, I have prescription glasses that I kept, you know, so I use them now. Oh, and, uh, but I want to, I want to just have it checked and I want to change my prescription glasses to, uh, you know, their bifocals. Mhm. And it's the son of a gun because, you know, they're getting stronger and there's such a difference between. Mhm. Bottom.
Nurse: Yeah, it's
Patient: Hard to get used to too. Yeah. Yeah, back. So I'm, I'm gonna go in and have them check my, and there's nothing they can do about because, uh, it's damage done from the, uh, torn retina and the, uh, and the holes in the back of both eyes. Yeah. Any time they work on that they say it, it changes the molecules or some damn thing. So, sure it
Nurse: Makes sense.
Patient: So, yeah, it's gotten worse. Um, and they said it would be so, uh, I am going to do that. Yes.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. And that'll carry over on to your, your [PHI-Personal] list just as a reminder that. Yes. Ok. And I know you saw the dermatologist. Did you? Did you? Yeah.
Patient: Ok. Yep, I did. And I think I got another appointment in [PHI-Personal]. She wanted to do every, every six months. Yep. Um, so I have an appointment and just, she's going to, they call to set it up but she said it'll be in [PHI-Personal]. So. Ok, whatever.
Nurse: Good. Ok. And I think that's it. We got everything covered here. Yeah, good. All right. Anything at all I can do for you today, [PHI-Personal]. Anything you need medication refills
Patient: Or no, no, all set, all set on everything. Yep. Good.
Nurse: Glad to hear it. Well, you have my number. You need anything you call you.
Patient: Oh, don't worry. Yeah, I'm not happy to call you.
Nurse: That's ok. That's why I'm here. You know that and I don't know if I'll talk to you before the holidays but happy holidays, [PHI-Personal] Christmas and all that stuff and
Patient: Have a good Christmas and you
Nurse: Too, [PHI-Personal]. Take care of yourself. Ok. Stay safe. Don't work too hard.
Patient: Ok,
Nurse: My pleasure. Ok, bye
Patient: Bye Charlie. Bye bye.
