Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you?
Patient: This is [PHI-Personal] returning your call regarding doctor.
Nurse: Hi. Yes, thank you for calling me back, [PHI-Personal]. How are you today?
Patient: I'm good. Hope you are too.
Nurse: I'm doing well. Yes, thanks for asking. Um I was just calling to kind of introduce myself. I am assigned as your nurse care manager and let me just get you pulled back up here really quickly um for you and your wife actually. Um I tried to reach her yesterday but it wasn't a good time. Um but so through doctor's uh care team, I've been assigned as your routine nurse. Um My goal is just to be speaking with you on a monthly basis, checking in to make sure there haven't been any changes in your health or any new conditions or concerns going on. Um I can assist with medication refills, any questions from follow up visits that you might have going on um and coordinating anything kind of with the primary care setting. Ok.
Patient: This is great. I appreciate that very much.
Nurse: Yes. Um I have found many patients are very appreciative of this, especially doctor. I know she came into Tampa General and just, um, it's kind of been a whirlwind for her patients outside of Tampa General and transitioning. So, um, hopefully you'll find it's a little bit easier to communicate through, uh, myself or even the Mychart to kind of get a hold of doctor with concerns. Ok.
Patient: Well, just keep in mind when it comes to my chart that I am technologically challenged. Ok. So I can do so, so I can do the best I can. But at my age, the best I can may not be all that good, but I'll try, I
Nurse: Got you. Well, then this is the perfect fit for you. Um, the alternate route is just to give me a call. You've got my number now. Um So if you have a concern going on, um, you know, wake up, not feeling so great. Maybe your BP is a little bit out of whack. Um, have a concern with the medication refill. You can reach me Monday through Fridays. Ok.
Patient: That's perfect. Thank you so much.
Nurse: You're welcome. Um And then the last thing I did wanna go over today was just your medication list to make sure that we have everything up to date. Um I'll be sending you a letter that has some just routine health maintenance screening goals that are kind of just on an annual or every couple year basis um, that you'll be due for and um, annual. Um, and then you can just call me as needed. Ok. Ok. All right. Um, as far as your medications, do you set them up in a weekly pill box or planner anything like that?
Patient: Well, not actually, what I do is I put my, my medication in a, uh, in the counter in our kitchen and I divide the, uh, ones I take in the morning from the ones I take at, at night. And I would say that 90% of the time, maybe only 85%. I take the right ones when I'm supposed to. Basically, I can't help it. You need to understand that. I never take myself very seriously. I try but I seem to fail over all these years.
Nurse: Oh, well, you have a good routine going. I mean, I can be happy with 80 to 90%. Fair enough.
Patient: Yeah, typically though what happens? I really, I, I've got them all on the counter and then as I said, I divide them slightly from each other. Not, I don't divide them very much, but slightly from each other. And I know which one is supposed to take in the morning and which ones I'm supposed to take in the night. And as I said, most often I do it right.
Nurse: Ok. Well, good. As long as you have a good understanding of what you're taking and why you're taking it. That's important too. That I understand that I understand. Excellent. All right. So I'm gonna run through my list here that I have if you just wanna double check and make sure we don't wait
Patient: Wait wait wait let me get my
Nurse: List. Ok? Yeah we'll cross this off, double check it and make sure we've got everything up to date. Ok?
Patient: I just gotta find my list. All right I got
Nurse: It. Alright you give it or you're gonna give it to me uh either way works
Patient: I don't care you tell me which is best for
Nurse: You. I'll call him off and you say yes or no. Ok. Ok. Go ahead. All right. So I just have that you take a Tylenol as needed for aches and pains, correct. AmLODIPine or Norvasc 10 mg daily.
Patient: It's called amLODIPine mesylate, besylate. Mhm. 10 mg at night.
Nurse: Ok. Um The aspirin 81 mg daily. Which one? Aspirin? Just a baby aspirin? Yeah. Right. Baby aspirin. Yes. Correct. Ok. You have a vitamin D three supplement that you take daily. Yes. All right. We have the Dutasteride or Avodart 0.5 mg daily. Yes. All right. Um Dupixent injection every two weeks. Yes. The Advil as needed. Yes. Met
Patient: I try I try to stay away from Advil but I do take it now and then and sometimes when I take it I usually take it with Tylenol also 3 25 mg. Not 500 mg.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. Ok. All right. Um That's fine. The next one I have is that metoprolol 25 mg you take half a tablet twice a day.
Patient: No, I used to. But my card, my cardiologist, cardiologist, doctor has me taking one every day. So I don't take it a half every day anymore. I know. I take one a whole one once a day and I take that at night in the morning, take that in the
Nurse: Morning. Ok. And about how long ago was that change? Oh, God.
Patient: Oh, give me a break.
Nurse: It's been a while. See
Patient: Him, right? But I've seen him in a couple weeks. I see him in a couple weeks.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah. All right.
Patient: And it, it's kind of crazy because I, I uh uh at one point in time I was getting my prescription for metoprolol from uh um for doctor and also for doctor and I think I've stopped that now. It's just coming from doctor and I talked to doctor about that to confirm that.
Nurse: Ok. All right. Good. As long as we're aware, it looks like we've requested for records from doctor, but they're just not coming over to us. So um kind of put that bug in their ear if you remember while you're there at your appointment. Ok. Oh,
Patient: Good. I'm I'm glad you told me that I will do that. Thank you very much.
Nurse: Perfect. Um Let's see a couple more on the list. I have the rosuvastatin or Crestor five mg daily. Yes. The Synthroid 50 micrograms every morning
Patient: Is 50 the same as 05 microgram. Yeah. Yeah. OK. Yes, I, I take that also.
Nurse: OK. And then we also have just a preservation over the counter supplement for the eyes.
Patient: Yes, I take that twice a day. It says once a day. But I, but I now take it twice a day.
Nurse: OK. I'll put that little note in there that you're taking that twice a day. Are there any others that I didn't mention?
Patient: No? Well, once in a while I take triamcinolone ointment? Ok. Uh, for my, for my eczema.
Nurse: Ok. All right. Prescribed by a dermatologist.
Patient: You see that Doctor Lombardi. Doctor Lombardi O OMB A RD. I is my dermatologist.
Nurse: Ok, perfect. I'll add that to the list just so that we're aware of it too. Ok. Ok, perfect. Well, thank you so much for giving me a call back. Um, like I said, I'll get a letter out in the mail to you. You've got my direct number. If you have any concerns or updates in between, don't hesitate to reach out. Ok, thank
Patient: You so much. You have a great
Nurse: Day. Thank you. You too. Bye bye bye bye.
