Nurse: Good morning. This is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you?
Patient: [PHI-Personal], this is [PHI-Personal]. You called and left me a message yesterday.
Nurse: Hi, [PHI-Personal], how are you today? I'm ok. Uh It's good to hear. Bear with me one moment while I pull up your information here. Ok. Ok. Thank you. Ok. And just letting you know that this call is being recorded for quality purposes, but I was just calling to go over some information about the new care management program that [PHI-Personal] is offering you. Essentially, it's just a dedicated nurse giving you a monthly phone call to check in and see how you're doing between your office visits and answer any questions or concerns that you might have. She'd also be able to assist you with things like medications and test results, addressing any symptoms or acute issues that might come up basically anything pertaining to your health and she'd be an additional resource for you. Then those calls are documented and sent to [PHI-Personal] for review which keeps her updated on your wellbeing. They are treated as a billable service to Medicare, Medicare Advantage plans and secondary insurance carriers and may be subject to deductible coinsurance and copays. Do you have a preference of whether the nurse reaches out to you in the morning or in the afternoon, [PHI-Personal]?
Patient: Um, I don't really know if I need it. I don't have a whole lot of major health issues.
Nurse: I understand. Um And just to let you know, um the monthly call is what we're seeing, most patients opt in for, but you do have the flexibility to do something like every three months or something like that. If that makes more sense um regarding, you know, when you have your appointment scheduled and we can still check in, in between.
Patient: Yeah, well, we can try the every three month. I mean, my deductible's in already for this year, but, you know, come next year, I don't want to be paying just for phone calls.
Nurse: Sure, that's completely understandable. Um So I'll let her know, try it out for the three months, you know, have that first call with her and see how it goes. And then after that, um you do always have the option to change that call frequency or opt out of the program if you'd prefer. Ok, wonderful here. So I will send you a letter that has the nurses contact information so you can reach her as well. I'll send that to [PHI-Geographic] in [PHI-Geographic] for you. And then just to confirm, I see the Medicare as your primary insurance and the United Healthcare as the secondary. Correct. Yes. Ok, wonderful. So I will get that letter sent right out for you and then the nurse will be in touch with an initial call soon. I do really appreciate you returning my call this morning, [PHI-Personal]. And I hope that you have a great weekend.
Patient: Ok. And while I have you on the phone, sure. Is there any way you can switch me over to the nurse line because I need to have a prescription sent in.
Nurse: Uh, so the only one I can transfer you over to would be the care management nurse here, um, which she would be able to put in the request for you. Um I just may need to put you on hold for a few minutes so I can get everything updated and connect you here. Ok. All right. Just bear with me one moment. I'll place you on a brief hold. I,
Patient: Yeah, back into, I've never been a bye. We can do the appointment like I, I love talk with people several hours. I do this spend four hours on the radio and by the end of the day I'm kind of down. So I dealt with like all of my parents. It is it like to be efficient. I would always call it from the car, you know. Yeah. Right. Uh And so we, well, like this see [PHI-Personal] really be that, that was something like you, but I have sort of
Nurse: Ok, [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal] is available. I'm gonna transfer you over to her now. Ok. Ok. Thank you. Absolutely.
Patient: Have my great. They're like at a different pace. They're like, oh, this is Katie. Hi, this is Linda Curio. She transferred me over to you. Um I need to have a prescription sent in. She said you might be able to help me with that. Yes. Give me one moment. I just got to finish up one document. How are you this morning? Ok. So I'll tell you a little bit about the program when I finish this up. So I'll give you a call at the requested interval. Usually we do one month, but of course, I don't have your chart pulled up right now. Um I opted for the three months. Ok. So I'll give you a call once every three months during that time. If you have questions or concerns, we'll go through those if you don't have any questions or concerns. Um We'll go through anything new in your chart just to make sure you have complete understanding because we know the doctor throws so much at us when we're at our appointment and then we get out and we're like, wait, what did they say? Um And so we'll go through that and if there's nothing new, nothing to go over, then we will um talk about something having to do with your health. Ok. So give me one moment to pull your chart up. How at the same time I'll give you my number and so if you need anything at all, you can call and then I can help you with that. Ok. All right. So at the end of this call I'll give you uh or I'll send you a letter also and that letter will have some wellness goals. There are things you're already doing. Um, so nothing crazy. See getting the labs when ordered, seeing the doctor stuff like that. Mhm. So I'm just getting into your chart. All right. So which one are you needing a refill on the atorvastatin? Ok. And uh we have a different prescription plan this year so the three month prescription can be sent to Giant Pharmacy in Burwick. Ok. And so you're completely out of refills. Um No, I still have, I don't have any more refills. I still have a few pills left. Ok. And so perfect. So let me write this down. Ok. Do you have a moment to go over your medications quick? Sure. All right. So I have the Advair Diskus. Yep. Atorvastatin. Yep, Baclofen as needed. Yep. Uh the sin. That one I can never say. Is that the fiber I'm gonna double check the other name quick and make us click into like three screens. Um It must be, yeah, that's the fiber I can't pronounce it either, right? I'm like who makes up these names? Flonase Spray as needed? Yep. During allergy season. Uh fluticasone inhaler. Yeah, that's um the rescue inhaler. Only if I need it. Loratadine. That's the Claritin. Yep. Yep. Pro pant Toprol, yep. Pro nutrients. Vitamin D three. Yep. High calcium. Yep. And Ventolin inhaler. What's that one? A Ventolin inhaler? No. Uh, it's was prescribed last April. Not by PC P. So let me. Ok. Well, that would be the rescue inhaler. Ok. So let's click on this one and see. Oh, the other one that I saw is from 2022. Ok. Oh, or is from October. Yeah, I I take the Advair every day and then I have the rescue inhaler if I need it. So just the two inhalers. Just the two. Yeah. Ok. Probably one was name brand and one was generic because with the insurance, the insurance I was on last year required the name brand. Um but then I qualified for pace and so they'll fill it with the generic. Um I'll probably lose the pace next year because we sold my mother in law's property that we inherited. So that's account as income. Of course. So the tax accountant said we'd probably just lose it for a year but whatever. Ok. It is what it is. I know it's like awesome and horrible at the same time. Yeah. All right. So and you said you need a 90 day of that? Yeah. Atorvastatin. Yeah, 90 day to Giant Pharmacy in Burwick. All right, perfect. I will get that submitted for you. Do you need to call back or are you ok with the pharmacy telling you that it's. Yeah, I'm ok with the pharmacy. Perfect. Well, my name's Katie. Yeah. Um and you have something to write my number down. Yep. My number is 570 245 6650. Ok, and you can call me at any time if you have any questions or concerns something pops up, you need something, give me a call otherwise I'll call you every three months and, and see how you're doing. Ok. You have a wonderful day. Ok, thank you. Bye bye.
