Nurse: Good morning. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal]. I'm sorry, I missed your call a few minutes
Nurse: Ago. Oh, not a problem. Hey, I was just calling, um, I'm the chronic care management nurse for you and, um, your husband and wanted to introduce myself and kind of talk a little bit, uh, briefly about kind of what my job is, what my role is. Um, and then a little bit more about the program. Do you have a moment this morning? I,
Patient: I do actually. Yes, this is a good time. Ok,
Nurse: Perfect. So, um, basically what my role is as your chronic care management nurses. I give you and your husband a call monthly. Um, unless you guys tell me otherwise, just to check in to see how things are going overall with everything you're staying healthy. There's nothing changed. You don't need anything from me. Um, just to make sure you're, you're doing ok cause if there is anything going on, you can, you know, let me know that when I call and then we can, um, I can either see if I can answer your questions or I can also get in touch with the doctor's office. And typically my turn around when I talk to the doctor's office is, um, usually within that same day I can get a hold of doctor, um, get you a response of if it's, you know, something in regards to medication, something that I'm not able to answer something the doctor has to change. Um, I have that a available availability to be able to get a hold of him and, and kind of let him know what's going on overall. Um, otherwise if there's something, you know, if you have a, a question on, um, how to find services for something, whether it be like meals on wheels or anything that comes up. Typically, we're a pretty good resource for that. We're usually able to get you some sort of an answer, um, and give you either some phone numbers or something that you can reach out to, to get enrolled with those types of things. Um, just kind of just kind of here as an extra resource so that you're not constantly calling the doctor's office if something comes up and you have questions on something. Um, do you have a moment to go over your, I just, what I typically do is I, uh, introduce myself and then, uh, we go over the medications to make sure that everything that I have here in my system matches what you're currently taking. Um, ok, so I have you down taking amLODIPine, besilate 10 MGS. Once daily. Ok. And then I have atorvastatin calcium, 40 mg, one tablet daily. Yes. And then I also have a tan. I'm gonna, I'm going to butcher this. It's a four mg ta capsule that you take as needed nightly.
Patient: Well, and I've just continue that. Um, in fact, I haven't taken that for probably six months. Um, Doctor [PHI-Personal] had suggested that I was having some difficulty with sleeping. Ok. And he thought that might help. Um And he thought there would be few side effects. Unfortunately, I seem to have some difficulties taking that. So I just stopped using
Nurse: It, stopped using it. Ok. So I will take that off of your list. Is there anything else that you're taking that? I'm missing not prescription. No. Ok. Um So [PHI-Personal] also, I have that you um have a little bit of what appears to be maybe anxiety. Um Is that true or am I uh are you still suffering? No,
Patient: There, there's definitely anxiety. My husband has Alzheimer's disease. OK. But he's also an alcoholic. So, yes, there is definitely some anxiety
Nurse: There. OK. OK. Um And also with this service, we also provide kind of uh um we call it behavioral health as well and you're, you're able eligible for that program as well. So when I call every month, I will just check to see kind of how overall, how you're feeling. Um If it, you know, if it's, you know, if in some reason or another, you know, with everything that you've got going on, if, if the anxiety is, is too much to deal with or you need some help with something, we also have that as a resource too. Um So the program is, is kind of both just with the chronic, um chronic diseases as well as the behavioral health aspect of it too. Um And we can kind of, you know, uh we do provide a little bit of teaching when we do calls on um, things to that you can do to manage things at home. Um, you know, if we go through the list and you know, you're, you, you know, you say, well, I'm trying all these things and this isn't working then at that point then that's usually when I will reach out to doctor and say, hey, we've got um, [PHI-Personal] doing this, this and this, it's not working for her. What else do you suggest? And then we can kind of go from there with whatever doctor suggests. Um, do you have a moment? Do you know [PHI-Personal] med by chance? I, I do. Ok. Ok. I just wasn't sure how familiar, you know, some people are really familiar and some people aren't 100%. Um, I have
Patient: He needs management of his medications at this point, so I'm real familiar with them.
Nurse: Ok. Alrighty. Well, that sounds good. So again, that'll also come into play too if you know, if you have questions with something with his meds that we're a good resource for that as well. Ok. Um So I've got amLODIPine besylate five mgs one once daily. Aspirin, 81 mgs one by mouth every day. Um I have a topical gel or cream that's beta betamethasone dipropionate, um, that is applied twice daily and then did not again, another one. I'm gonna butcher 10 mg once daily. These medications I tell you what they like to make it really difficult to pronounce. Um, and then I have Olmesartan meam slash hydrochlorothiazide one tablet by mouth for high BP. Um, and I have, let's see, to tartrate two mg, one tablet daily after I butcher the heck out of like three of them.
Patient: I, I know exactly because I pronounce them pretty much the same. Well, at least
Nurse: We're on the same page there. That, that helps we. Um, so you said your husband has Alzheimer's, um, how are things going with that overall? Um, is it, is this a fairly new diagnosis? Is it, um, something that he's had for a little while?
Patient: Um, about 2.5, 3 years. Uh, it was probably 2.5 years ago for the actual diagnosis. It was like [PHI-Personal], uh, that the actual diagnosis, but I have been seeing some changes in his behavior prior to that, which prompted me to have a conversation with our doctor who was doctor at the time. Um, and he decided we needed to pursue it a little further. Um Did the, I know 25 question test and then said, you know, I think we need to do some diagnostics. So we checked blood work and he also did a, either an MRI MRI or AC A T scan. I can't remember which, but it showed there was actually the, the brain damage that they associate with Alzheimer's disease.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. All right. So then since that point in time, um, things have been a little, of course, obviously a little rough on you. Um, I, I can't imagine what you're going through. Um, so I do, I really do think that, um, [PHI-Personal], that you will definitely like this program. Um, because it is, it is a good resource, especially for those who are caring for, um, their loved ones who have Alzheimer's and, and what a tough, you know, we, we understand what a tough disease process that is. Um, and we wanna be here for you and, and support you, um, in any way, shape or form that we like that we are able to and we wanna make sure that you're also remembering to take care of yourself. Um, so that you're not getting that what they call caregiver burnout. Um So, so it, it, it'll be, and essentially the good thing is, is you're talking to, I, I will be your husband and your chronic care management nurse. So I will be the one calling you every month, checking in seeing how things are going. So I'll be very familiar with everything that's going on. Um, and then, you know, so that, that'll help we can establish that, that relationship. Um, you know, and, and get to know each other a little bit better and, you know, when you call, we will be able to go through things and you don't have to, you won't have to start, you know, per se at like square one with anybody. Um It'll be, it'll be essentially me who's calling you every month to see how things are going and, and what's changed and if you need anything. Ok. So I, I really, I really do think that you'll, you'll like this program and, and um is a good resource for you. Um Do you have any questions for me, [PHI-Personal] right now?
Patient: Not right now. Um I'm sure I had emailed Doctor [PHI-Personal] with some, some things that I have been experiencing with [PHI-Personal] a few weeks back. And, um, I'm, I'm guessing that that has prompted him to suggest my getting involved with this program, which I appreciate. Um, and I can see where the there can be some really good value in, in working with you. Um, as we go through this process.
Nurse: Yes. Yep. Yeah. Um So, uh what, what happens now, [PHI-Personal] is, I will, um, if you don't have any questions for me, I will go ahead and get the, what we call a care plan letter ready for both you and [PHI-Personal]. Basically all that has in it is it has my name, a brief overview of what we talked about today. Um my phone number and it my direct line and then at the bottom of both of those letters will be um separate. Well, what they call wellness goals and essentially all that really is, is just the stuff that you guys are already doing at the doctor's office. So getting your flu shot, getting your, um, any other vaccines going for wellness visits, going, making sure doing your lab work. Um, just things like that and that'll have that for both you. Um, and [PHI-Personal]. So that way you guys can kind of use that as a reference as to. Ok, this is what I've got left for for this year. Um, and this is what I need to, to get, get done. Um, so just trying to keep, also trying to keep everybody as healthy as possible and stay on all that health maintenance stuff so that we're, we're right on right on top of everything. Um, now I just wanna verify I have an address of [PHI-Geographic]. Uh, is it Wallace Run Road Trout Run Pennsylvania? 17771. That's correct. Ok. So that is where I will send those care plan letters. I would expect them probably the first part of next week. Um, with it being in Thursday and everything and then once you get those and you read through them, if you do have any questions or anything, my direct line is on there, so feel free to give me a call. Um, otherwise I will check back in with you guys probably towards the end of [PHI-Personal]. Um is when we'll, we'll touch base again and see how things are going from there. Ok. Ok. That sounds good. All right, [PHI-Personal]. Well, I appreciate you talking with me today and I look forward to talking with you in the future.
Patient: Thank you so much for your patience. Getting a hold of me, [PHI-Personal]. I appreciate
Nurse: Not a not a problem. Life gets busy, I get it totally understand. All right. Well, you have a good rest of your day and I will speak with you guys towards the end of next month. Ok? Sounds alright. You again. Thank you. Yeah, bye bye bye bye.
