Nurse: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal]. How may I help you?
Patient: Yes, I'm returning
Nurse: My call. Oh, hi. My name is [PHI-Personal] calling from [PHI-Geographic] on behalf of Doctor [PHI-Personal] on a recorded line. How are you doing today? Good, good. Is [PHI-Personal] available? She's right here. Perfect. Can I speak with her, please? Hi. Hi, how are you doing today? Doing? Ok, good. My name is [PHI-Personal]. Calling from [PHI-Geographic] on a recorded line. Give me one quick second just to pull up your profile here. Exactly. Yeah. So [PHI-Personal], the reason for the call today is your provider, [PHI-Personal] out of [PHI-Geographic] has a new care management and behavioral health program which she is providing basically just a call from a nurse to help answer any questions, refill prescriptions, chat about previous or future visits, discuss any new issues going on and things of that nature. This is a program that you do qualify for which allows you to maintain peak health by having this nurse contact you. All of these calls are documented and sent to [PHI-Personal] for review and they're treated as billable services to Medicare, Medicare Advantage plans and secondary insurance carriers and would be subject to deductibles your copay and coinsurance. Now, I do see you have the Medicare and the uh, what is this other insurance? This is the, the, the, the [PHI-Personal] Shield FEP insurance. Is that correct? Yeah, awesome. Is there a typically a copay when you see the doctor in the office? No. Awesome. Just wanna let you know you also have a $0 co pay for this program. Is there a time that works best for the nurse to give her a call?
Patient: Well, she's saying that any time,
Nurse: Any time good to know one more question just to make sure I have the right information, uh, in front of me here, I do wanna send you some paperwork about the program. I have the address here at [PHI-Geographic]. Is that correct? Correct? Awesome. Well, thank you so much for your time in that. And, um, I thank you for giving me the information. I need. Have a great rest of your day. Ok.
Patient: Uh, just one question. Ok. She's been having the, uh, nurse come and take blood and stuff like that. Is that in that program too?
Nurse: Uh, I do you a program that is a, this is a part of a, of a care management program. So if it's not, it's technically called CCM. But so if it's not part of that program, I don't believe it's related.
Patient: Ok. How would we get that done? Then that's what we've had in the past couple times.
Nurse: I genuinely do not have the answer to that question, but when the nurse gives you a call, that would be the first thing I ask her. Alright. All right, thank you. Alright. Thank you so much for your time. Have a great day. You
Patient: Too. Bye bye.
