Nurse: Good afternoon. This is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help
Patient: You? Hi, [PHI-Personal]. It's [PHI-Personal]. I was upstairs.
Nurse: Not a problem. Don't worry about it at all. I was just making myself a little note for when we spoke. Um, ok, so I got in touch with the cardiology just to kind of see what they kind of turnaround time is. Um, so I spoke to [PHI-Personal], one of their nurses, um, and [PHI-Personal] said that there's not a guaranteed turnaround time. Well, it's possible results could be back by Friday. It's possible it could be one or two weeks. Um, so what I'm gonna do is I'm just, like I said, I made myself a sticky note and I'm just gonna keep myself a sticky note. Um, just so that I keep kind of taking a look and I can see if there's any information that comes in and also so I can, you know, help to follow up with that just kind of once something comes available. Ok. Ok. I wish I had better news with that, but unfortunately they said they don't have a guarantee, turn around time with it.
Patient: No, it's, uh, it's not surprising. My only concern is if it's something that, oh, we want you to go on this medication right away then, um, I have Medicare Primary and some supplemental, but I will be in the key and then [PHI-Geographic] and I don't know what pharmacies there are. And if, you know, they, I, I think my plan, my supplemental plan is any doctor anywhere. And I have wellcare Rx for part D,
Nurse: Well, if it comes to that, if we, you know, need to do a medication and, and we're running into that kind of problem, I can certainly make phone calls to find out who we can fill with and find out all the ifs ands and buts of what we need to do so we can get you taken care of. So I don't want you to stress about it and worry about it. Um If, if that ends up happening, we'll figure out what we need to do and I'll make some calls to figure out how we can help with that.
Patient: Ok, that sounds good.
Nurse: All right. Now, as far as the compression stockings go, I know no reason why with the idiopathic, um, uh, that he cannot wear compression stockings. Um, what I would say is that make sure that they are fitting comfortably, um, making sure that they're not causing almost like that tourniquet, like effect that they're pinching and they're causing pain with anything. Well,
Patient: That's my biggest complaint. I read where it's supposed to be, I don't know what the uh acronym is. 18 M MS to [PHI-Personal] M MS. Mhm. So I don't know how one would be able to tell that.
Nurse: So a lot of, depending on where you're purchasing your compression stockings from there should be information right on the packaging about what their compression is. So that, that [PHI-Personal]. Yeah,
Patient: Let me stop you right there. I just bought a pair of AAA and all it said men size, uh, 10 to 13 women size. Um, I think it was like 10 to 10 to 11 or something like that. They don't give the, the pressure.
Nurse: Let's see here. Let me see if I can look, I
Patient: Mean AAA, you would think they would supply or their vendors would be a little bit more descriptive, but they don't,
Nurse: Let me, let me look right here. I'm, I'm looking it up online seeing if I can find anything, um, directly about it that has information. Um, are they, let's see, are they just, it's like smooth trip compression socks? Uh, from AAA.
Patient: Let, let me, uh, hold, hold on, let me go upstairs because I put them where I'm packing because even if a person shoes size is X, they calf muscles may be why. Mhm. And that's what gets me upset that not, not everybody has the same type of calf muscles.
Nurse: Mhm. It's not a cookie cutter as much as sometimes I try to make it
Patient: Right. Ok. So it's called yeah, smooth trip compression socks, graduated leg support for added comfort ideal for long trips, nylon 70 elastic 17 Zanex 13. See, is that
Nurse: The? Yes, so I just did a quick Google just for AAA compression socks. I don't know why you want to say. Um, and I see the smooth trip, um and it looks like the percentages are the same here with the specifications of the ones that I'm looking at. Um And on their website, it says that it is gradual compression from 15 to [PHI-Personal].5.
Patient: Ok. This one says compression gradually decreases, moving up the socks. So is it 15 at the I'm sorry, the opposite. Is it [PHI-Personal] at the ankle and 15 at the calf?
Nurse: Correct. That's how I would interpret it that you're getting the maximum compression down at the bottom of your foot with gradually decreasing up your leg. Um and that's to help promote that blood flow. Um So what you could certainly do is is pop them on see if they're comfortable, wear them around the house a little bit. Um As long as they are fitting comfortably. And as he's wearing these, he's not seeing large areas of redness or that it's cutting into his leg just to have him while you guys are traveling, just keeping an eye. Like when you guys are switching off, just kind of doing a quick visual inspection of his legs and taking a look at it and go. Ok. Things are looking good. Um, they're probably going to be tough to get on. They're, they're supposed to be, um, to be kind of hard to pull on. Um, but when you're putting them on, like I said, just kind of make sure they're not bunching up and creating like that tourniquet effect and it kind of stopping about, kind of think about two finger width below the knee is a good place for them to stop. Um, if they have any wrinkles, just make sure you get those nice and kind of smoothed out. Um, just so that you have that, that comfort and you're not having indentations from it.
Patient: Ok. His, uh, shoe size is 11 and this says men, 9 to 12 women, 10 to 13. Wait, wait. Yeah, man, 9 to 12. So he's one size below the max for his particular shoe size.
Nurse: Mhm. And like you said, and like we were kind of talking about, you know, unfortunately, it's not a cookie cutter that the size of your, of your foot, um, will fit the size of the calf. Um, you can buy them but we can look around for other places that they're available, um, that you measure by what the circumference is on your calf.
Patient: Um Yeah. Mhm. So
Nurse: That's how a lot of the medical grade ones, um, like when you're putting them on in the hospital or post operatively, that's how they're measured.
Patient: Um, Walgreens or Rite Aid. I
Nurse: Think, I think one of those very well may have it. Um, and then there's, um, I say it's [PHI-Personal] Pharmacy, they may have that as well.
Patient: Um, is [PHI-Personal] near UT?
Nurse: Um, I am not 100% sure on that, but I will look it up.
Patient: I, I think it used to be on [PHI-Geographic].
Nurse: Yes, it looks like it is on [PHI-Geographic].
Patient: Mhm. Ok. Yeah, I know where that is. Ok.
Nurse: And if you guys are gonna go that route to look at compression stockings measure his calf first thing in the morning, like when he's first getting up in the morning, so that he's not having that added just swelling from the day as our legs change. You know, we always have that when our legs are dependent and hanging. So measure him first thing in the morning for that circumference.
Patient: Ok. All right. Ok. I'll go from there. Thank you.
Nurse: You're so welcome. I hope you guys have a wonderful trip and I will keep an eye out for this and I'll, I'll see what I can find for you.
Patient: Ok. Thank
Nurse: You. You're so welcome. Of course. Ok. Bye bye bye.
