Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal], the nurse care manager.
Patient: This is [PHI-Personal] calling you [PHI-Personal]. Hi, [PHI-Personal], how are you? Well, I have a question to ask you. The doctor is giving me a water pill. It's Spironol ac Tio. Oh, I can't even pronounce it. Spirolactone or something. It's a water pill.
Nurse: You said it pretty
Patient: Good. Good for me. Well, after I went to see him yesterday, I kind of told him that I took some of them but they burned my urine and I didn't want to, um, know if I should take them or not. So he didn't say not to, but he gave me a funny look and then they told me to take a urine specimen, but that was beyond me. I can never get to do that. So, anyway, what I'm really talking about is it says for me to call the doctor for medical advice on side effects, you are report side effects to him. In other words, he should check the side effects on this pill that I am taking to see what the, what they are. This is from [PHI-Geographic].
Nurse: Now, even we're gonna go through some of the side effects but there are always side effects that aren't listed. Um, and everybody handles meds differently. So, just because if it's not on this list, don't feel like, you know, like you're, you're making stuff up or something because I've always been sensitive to meds too. And so I would always have weird side effects and the doctors didn't believe me either. So, yeah.
Patient: Well, this is on the paper that they gave me with the medicine and it says to call the doctor and advise to check the side effects on this. So I never got anything like that. So I thought, well, I better check it.
Nurse: Yeah, so some of the side effects, more common side effects, um dizziness, feeling sick, just feeling off muscle or leg cramps, feeling tired or having low energy, breast pain or breast enlargement. Um Some serious side effects are the whites of your eyes turn yellow or skin turns yellow. That means you're having some liver issues, an irregular heartbeat, tingling, feeling muscle weakness or short of breath. Sometimes the potassium levels can be off um, peeing less than normal or have dark strong smelling pee or you feel thirsty or feeling dizzy or lightheaded. That can be signs of dehydration. So it can cause you to be dehydrated. Um If you have, sometimes you can have diarrhea. Um
Patient: No wish. Uh huh I have so much trouble with the bowels. I Yeah. Well, so it to you
Nurse: And so, but it can really, um, normally it would, it would be the de, uh, dehydration side effects. But you just started it. Right.
Patient: Yeah. Well, I did end up and took 30 but I couldn't take them all at once. I could take three and then leave them off for three days because my urine would stop burning. Then I'd take some more because I wanted to take them because he gave them to me. But my urine just burnt. So. Oh, so
Nurse: You got, um, hold on, let me see. Oh, so you got them at the end of last year? That's when the doctor gave it to you.
Patient: Um, no, it's this year. 00,
Nurse: 1 24. 1 24. Ok.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. And I've got, they keep sending me a bottle and I don't know whether to take them or not to take them. He just looked at me funny when I said that and didn't say anything. So it's pretty
Nurse: Consistent that every couple of days that you take it, your urine starts to burn. Yes. Ok. So I'll let him know, um, what color is the urine or is it a regular color? Like a regular yellow color?
Patient: Sometimes it's bright yellow and most of the time my urine is just kind of a pale, pale color.
Nurse: Ok. So it's not dark, um, like an E color. It's not. Ok. Let me see. I'm looking at your regular lab work too since I have you on the phone. We might as well go over everything.
Patient: But I drink a gallon of water a day. I keep, go drinking water and yet I don't really go as much urine as I think I should. So, I, maybe I should take the pill,
Nurse: Maybe. Yeah, because that's going to pull off some water. Did they give it to you for swelling, for, like, swelling in your legs or for
Patient: Heart issues? Well, I have that. I, I have one leg that swells all the time.
Nurse: Yeah. So that's probably why they prescribed it because that's going to pull out some of that swelling and flush it out of you. Oh. but because it does, that you want to just monitor if you do start to feel more thirsty or tired or dizzy, you could be getting dehydrated. But it's possible you have a urinary tract infection too. You said you couldn't go, right? You weren't,
Patient: I couldn't, uh, they, I never, I can go in the doctor's office. I don't know, it's something about it or anything but it's weird. All I could do is a few drops and I know it wasn't enough for them to take care of it. So, it, possible, do you
Nurse: Have any more symptoms? Like, does it, um, do you feel like you have to go all the time
Patient: Sometimes lately? It's starting to do that, that I really think I got to go and then I go and I don't really go that much, you know, because that's a
Nurse: Common sign of a urinary tract infection. So I'll let the doctor know they might want to give you some antibiotics just in case.
Patient: Yeah. He said all my vitals, he took blood tests and took all my vitals and said my vitals were good. So I don't show
Nurse: Anything.
Patient: Yeah.
Nurse: Doctors sometimes just brush stuff off. Uh, cholesterol was a little high but I'm sure you knew that already.
Patient: But everything else is good.
Nurse: Um, your creatinine was a little, just not, that's, it was pretty good. Like a 0.1 point 10th of a point. Oh, yeah. Which means you might be a little dehydrated but I know you drink a lot of water.
Patient: So, yeah, I do. I try to, and that's why I do because I don't really go a lot when I drink all that water. And I think, well, why don't I go more? I get up about three times a night, at least two. But it just says I got to go but I go, but it's not that much, I think. Oh, I, I have to get up at four o'clock for that.
Nurse: Yeah. And, um, and also if you're not getting rid of all the urine in your bladder too, the urine that sits there can start to form bacteria too and that can cause a, a big infection. So, I'll
Patient: Do that. Now, I'm a wreck. I'm a wreck. Oh, I don't know, ever since I had my gallbladder out, I've had trouble with my bowels more. But, oh, well, that they can't help any more. I just have to take whatever I can to make me go. Mm. That's what they tell me. So, but this bladder stuff, I, this is all new to me all of a sudden and I don't, I mean, I, I, if I can
Nurse: Get you some antibiotics just because that pretty, it sounds pretty much like a urinary tract infection and I want to make sure we get rid of that.
Patient: Oh, I don't need no infections. I have enough problems at my age. I'm just grateful I'm not. Oh, I'm good. He asked me, he said, did you drive here? And I said, yeah, of course, I drive here. I don't stop driving. He, he just laughed at me and he's so nice. He really is. But, um, any
Nurse: Other, I'm just looking over the notes from your appointment, see if he recommended anything else. Uh, looks like you mentioned the heartburn stuff and ways to control that. You can just avoid foods, certain foods, you can, um, eat smaller meals, avoid laying down for three hours after a meal, um, raise the head of your bed. You know, if you're having it at night, those are some things. What about your anxiety? How's that? Doing
Patient: Well? Um, it's ok. I mean, I can manage, I'm not crazy or anything and I, it doesn't always sometimes if I have some upset but I, I it's, it's enough I don't want to get anything stronger and just like my, um, oh, what's that pill? I'll take for pain traMADol. Um, he asked me about traMADol and I said, well, I said it says I can take three a day. It did say I could take four and he took one off last time I was there. So I said, well, be honest with you, I'm not a good one to want to take pain pill unless the pain is really bad. So I said I may take one or two a day, but I said it's very rare I'll ever take three of them. So now he's gonna cut me down on the traMADol. Well,
Nurse: Bev, you said you're not crazy, but everybody's crazy in their own way. So,
Patient: Yeah,
Nurse: You don't have to try to not just uh enjoy your, your uniqueness. I think that's the best way to, well,
Patient: I get a unique cat. I'll tell you she's a car. Oh, she don't know if I can't sit down, she runs right over and gets in my lap. Oh, yeah. Well,
Nurse: So you guys are your great companions together?
Patient: Yeah, she's super great. I, I love her. I don't like the liver, the uh litter pan, but we're thinking on trying to get an automatic one. Do you know anything about them? Uh,
Nurse: No, I never tried it myself. I, I still have the old school litters. But if you do get it, let me know how it is. I might have to invest.
Patient: Yeah, because the bending over trying to scrub that thing out, you know, and everything. Oh, my back was terrible this morning because there's three parts to it. You know, the one, the bottom, the one and then the top one. And whoa, you have to clean that out. And for some reason I never had a cat because I never had an indoor cat. She just wants to go about every time I look at her she's going to the bathroom, I think. Oh, dear. Not again. But that's all right. I don't mind. Oh, yeah. She's, she's a good girl. You know, if you do,
Nurse: If you do get the automatic one, I'm curious. I saw, I've seen commercials for it and videos for it. I just haven't pulled the trigger to do it.
Patient: So, yeah. Well, my son and I are both working on it together. He's helping me and we're, we're looking at em and seeing whether it would be feasible. But they, they look good on, uh, I have a Ca Kendle and I found em on there. There's quite a few of them on there. But then you got to figure out which one is the best one. Yeah, that's true. Decisions.
Nurse: All right. Well, let me, let me send that message over to the doctor and see what's going on and, and I'll be in touch depending on what he says.
Patient: Yeah. Ok. Well, you know, me, I won't bother you unless I think it's a question I should ask you. Oh, BEV,
Nurse: You can bother me any time. I don't mind.
Patient: So I'm not what I, I'm just one of those people that don't like to bother anyone, even the doctor. I don't like to bother him, but I know I have to do it with him. That's his job. That's what he gets paid for. So. Right. Well, oh,
Nurse: But I'll uh, I'll probably reach out in the next day or two and let you know what they
Patient: Say. Ok, dear, thank you for listening to me. You're to lose my voice. I'm losing my voice when I talk now and I lost it when I talked to him, but he didn't say anything. I guess he thinks I've been through all those tests. Nothing helps. I just have to be hoarse. That's no fun because sometimes I have to hang the phone up and I can't talk because it gets worse. So I be I'll let you go so you don't have to listen to my voice. Alright,
Nurse: I'll talk to you
Patient: Soon. Ok, thanks. Bye bye.
