Nurse: This is [PHI-Personal] nurse care manager.
Patient: Yes, this is [PHI-Personal]. I'm sorry, I didn't get back to you sooner.
Nurse: Oh, that's ok. I was just calling to check in and see how things are going.
Patient: I sort of thought so. I thought, didn't think about you for a [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Oh, that's ok. I'm, I'm glad that means you didn't need anything. Right.
Patient: No, nothing that I can say I need, uh, except a new body maybe.
Nurse: Oh, if I could help, I totally would. Yeah,
Patient: I know you would.
Nurse: How are you doing on your medicines? Do you need any refills?
Patient: No, I just got a new, uh, new prescription, uh, altogether now, uh, Naproxen. Ok. I'm taking, supposedly taking two of them a day if I don't forget. And, uh, I'm off, not taking the, uh, Meloxicam. They took me off of that
Nurse: And switched you. Ok. How is the Naproxen working for you?
Patient: Well, I think it's too early to tell. Uh, I've only had it about a week and, uh, like I said, I missed one or two days. Well, I was supposed to take two a day and a couple of days. I only took one so I didn't follow it up any clo any too close. You know, I didn't take another one on top of, uh, what I thought I already already took. Yeah, and that, I just don't take the second one but, uh, no, it's not going to be no real effects. Uh, I can't say it's doing anything for me. It's time will tell. The only thing is with the, um, at the same time this all took place. Uh, I was still taking the Meloxicam and, uh, I was talking to one of our fire, uh, emergency people and we were just talking about medicines and, yeah, he mentioned Meloxicam. I said, yeah, I take that, I've been taking that at night. He said I take mine in the morning. Right. Well, maybe I should, you know, because I never had no instructions on when to take it or when not to take it. So I started taking it in the morning and then of course, then the new prescription came through. Now I'm taking this at whatever times I feel. As a matter of fact I got to take one now because I, I didn't take one this morning when I went out and, um, and I'll take another 10, I'll just say five o'clock tonight somewhere in there. So, um, but I guess time will tell, you know, if it, if it's helping out, you know, or whatever. Right. Sounds like
Nurse: Your dizziness
Patient: Been. I ha haven't tested as far as being lightheaded or dizziness. I haven't been actually dizzy. I, in the middle of the night, if I get up anymore. Now, uh, usually I do get up in the middle of the night sometimes, but I, I usually just sit in the bed now, you know, for, uh, oh, maybe 5, 10 seconds or something like that. Then I get up and then as I make my way to the bathroom, uh I usually uh g grab a hold of the wall and just in case, you know, uh sometimes I don't even do that, you know, I just, hey, uh I'm ok, you know, do what do, do what you have to do. Let me put it that way and
Nurse: Uh absolutely, we don't want that either. Yeah,
Patient: You see, I'm still uh shell shocked from the time. Uh that one time I had, it had fallen and then still don't really know what caused it or why it happened. Uh Like I said, the only thing I can figure out was, um, I was running up my uh charm clock and you between nine and 10 o'clock, I usually winne that up and the only thing I can figure the power went off and it got dark in the house. Uh because uh during the normal evening, uh evening, uh all night long, I, I have lights coming in from the outside that shine in the house, from the street lights. So, um I just don't know why it was dark that morning. You know, at that point when it, when this happened and what happened, other than I do believe I bumped my head but not, not heavy enough to really make me, uh, you know, say ouch, you know, I touched my head there and, uh, apparently I knew I bumped my head but I didn't know how bad but it didn't seem to be bad. Let me put it that way. Of course, I'm not a doctor either. I mean, uh, of course, I know, I know a lot more than some doctors and nurses know. Let me put it that way.
Nurse: Ok. All right. I
Patient: Don't want to brag, I, I had had quite a few lessons in doctoring, uh, you know, over the, over the years and, um, I did have, well, I didn't have, uh, I had basic first aid with the company I work for and, um, other than that, uh, when my mother was sick I, I had to take care of her and do the doctoring for her when, uh, you know, if the nurse didn't get out and, uh, that up
Nurse: Quite a bit along the way. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah. Well, I had had that, I had to do, uh, wound care and I was the only one that was allowed to do it. Nobody else was allowed to do it except that, uh, a nurse, a licensed nurse and a doctor, they were the only ones that were allowed to do it. And, um, it was funny, uh, my, my doctor, she called me, uh, the one morning and she says, ah, how are you doing? I said I'm doing ok. She says, how's your mum? I said she's ok. He said, can I come down and see her? Is he sure? So she comes down and looks at mum looks ok. And she says, well, I want you to do a wound change on her. Hey, doctor, I just did it a half an hour ago. She said, I want to see you do it. Ok. Nothing like having the expert, you know, uh, holding my hand. Well, she didn't hold my hand but nothing like having the expert there when you're, you know, now, now you're sort of shaking like a leaf, you know, am I doing it
Nurse: Over your shoulder there?
Patient: Yeah. So, uh, I got done and, uh, everything went smooth and clean the wound again and let her, you know, set her up. And, uh, she says you did a good job. You did an excellent job. She said, did you ever think of becoming a doctor? I said, doctor her luck. No, I said, and at this point in life, I said, I'm not gonna start because I said I don't have a college degree first off. And, uh, you know, it would just be too much on me. And, um, so anyway, uh, went from there and, you know, then I had, had to get involved, er, had to take her to the hospital. Er, they, uh, sent her from, I had her in a nursing home for a short time, uh, sort of rehabilitate her a little bit and which wasn't necessary. It, I, it just got me into a bunch of hot water but, um, I had a fight with the nursing home and, uh, what can you say? I won but, uh, oh, there
Nurse: You go. Ok. Now, do you
Patient: Get a shot each season,
Nurse: Huh? Do you get a flu shot each year? Oh, yes. Did you get yours this year already?
Patient: Oh, yes. Uh, I've been getting them since I was [PHI-Personal] years old.
Nurse: Ok. Do you remember whenever you got it this year?
Patient: Yeah, when I got it, I don't know. Now, uh, I'll just say a good month ago.
Nurse: Ok. All right. Very good. So, sometime in [PHI-Personal],
Patient: That's the, the only problem I've had right now is, uh, uh, last week, um, I was pretty sick last week and, uh, I didn't out to the doctor. Uh, you know, because I figured, you know, I'm not gonna get nowhere talking to him. Well, I won't get a, get him on the phone but, uh, his assistant or nurse, uh, po wherever she is and I won't get no satisfaction from her right away either. You know, it take a few days before I hear anything back. So I didn't bother calling, you know, and what are they gonna do? Give me, uh, give me some medicine for it. I don't know. But apparently I, I think I did have, uh, you know, a cold and it was enough that it, it drew me down, it pulled me down there, let me put it that way. I just stay clear of everything and every, everybody, you know, I think, well, traveling like I normally do.
Nurse: Well, I'm glad you got that flu shot because that starts to protect you about two weeks after you get it. It's how long it takes your body to make those antibodies and you still can catch the flu. But it's generally a much more mild case than those who didn't get the vaccine.
Patient: Well, I said, uh, I had a, I, I think it was a little bit longer than what I told you. You know, uh II, I don't have the records because I don't mark it down. You know, I just, I do so much by memory, you know, and I should mark it down but, you know. All right. Ok.
Nurse: Sometime in [PHI-Personal] is good enough and it's good that you get that yearly vaccine to make sure you have the most up to date immunity to the most recent strain out there. Oh,
Patient: It was just like when I was, uh, first got the flu shot, uh, the doctor I had it. Uh, he says, well, he says it's normally not given to anybody under the age of [PHI-Personal]. Why do you need it? I said, well, I don't know if I need a doctor. I said, but I says, you know, I get around a lot of people and I, I was in transportation and I had a lot of people, I didn't know, know who I was gonna have. And when I say that I don't, didn't know what country they were going to be from or where, I mean, I had people from [PHI-Geographic], I had people from [PHI-Geographic]. I had people from [PHI-Geographic]. Uh, so that's, uh, 000, I had Japanese. I had a little bit of everybody, you know, in my car some time or another and I was getting sick and I says, uh, should I have the flu shot? And he said, well, he says they don't, usually, they want to give it to you at your age. He says, uh, I'll take care of it now. I don't know what he wrote it up as, uh, I, I can't make that statement because I can't, I couldn't back it up. But, uh, he made sure I got the flu shot every year. I don't know what he wrote it up as, but, uh, I got the flu shot
Nurse: And, well, that's good. And, and do you ever, have you ever gotten the pneumonia vaccine? Oh,
Patient: Yes. Yeah, I get that at the same time that I get the flu shot. Ok. As, uh, yeah, there again, I don't want to have that problem, you know, uh, because like I said, you know, you, you, everybody has that, uh, virus in their system, right?
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: And
Nurse: Then do you still need to do colonoscopies or are you done with those?
Patient: Uh, that's the last one I had came f, uh, [PHI-Personal] years before I was supposed to get one. And, um, I think it was Doctor [PHI-Personal] or the associate. I just forget which one it was now. But, uh, same department. But anyway, uh, I says, uh, I thought I was supposed to get there, you know, come back in, in 10 years. Well, he says, uh, they're giving him out earlier or I, I don't know what the real reason was but, uh, they were cutting back on them and if you didn't have one, you know, if you didn't need one, you know, you didn't get one. So, you know, you
Nurse: Need to get those.
Patient: He said as long as you're feeling well, and don't have no issues. He says let's not worry about it. But if you do give me a call,
Nurse: So you, you only need one if something happens. Ok. Very good. Right. All right. Well, do you have any other thoughts? Questions concerns?
Patient: No, just, uh, if I can get this, get over this cold, you know, I'll be happy, you know, uh, because it actually, this is the first day I really was out around people.
Nurse: Ok. Have you been taking anything to help with the cold?
Patient: Oh, no. Well, I, I took a couple, uh, Tylenol or equivalent, you know, to it. But, uh, that was all I took, uh, when it was really hitting me. Uh, I took two of them and then, uh, I think the next day I took two more and then that, that was it. So, I, I, well, doctor [PHI-Personal], I don't believe in taking medicine. I don't want to take medicine. And, uh, it's the same thing. Uh, you know, they still have me on my one prescription for A Z and they still have me on for, they, I haven't got a new prescription. Let me put it that way. But, uh, I have enough for probably, uh, oh, quite a few months. But I cut myself back from 2 to 1. And the reason I did that was, I felt it wasn't doing me no good. Ok.
Nurse: And I
Patient: Thought I said this, this is just a waste. I thought, you know, sometimes it's the process of elimination. You gotta, you get rid of something sometimes. Uh, sometimes we're, we're getting too much medicine.
Nurse: Yeah. Ok. Well, do you have any plans for Thanksgiving?
Patient: Nope. No, that's just like a person said to me earlier today. He says, are you going with family? I said I don't have no family no more. Oh, yeah. Just one of them things. You know, uh, you start hitting that magic age, you know, uh, your family's windows down. So it was basically me and my cousin. Uh, well, I have another cousin we haven't been in contact with for years. But, uh, me and [PHI-Personal], uh, we were very close together. I mean, uh, when we were younger, you know, it still, well, we were not in high school at that point. Uh, she lives not too far from me. Uh, down in [PHI-Geographic] area anyway. We used to go bowling and what have you. And, uh, we were always close together and we always had family dinners together and, um, I mean, big dinners, let me put it that way. We'd have maybe 12, 14 people, you know, at a meal and everybody just gradually either died off or, uh, it was, it was too much of a trip for em because we were spread out quite a few miles. I mean, we were, a lot of, our family was from upstate Pennsylvania. And, uh, I had family up in, uh, Staten Island, New York living and they'd come down, we'd have, have a big dinner down here. And the one year we had, uh, well, we ended up getting about three turkeys. We didn't want three but we had three but we didn't cook them all at one time. Thank God. But, um, we had a feast. I mean, uh, we always had a, had a good, a good turn out I mean, and it was all relatives and so, uh, but like I said, them days are gone and, uh, me and [PHI-Personal], uh, well, when I came up here they lived right behind me. And, uh, that's how I got this place here. Uh, and unfortunately she had a serious automobile accident, New Year's Day and she ended up in rehab for, I don't know, about three months and, or in the hospital for, uh, se several months and then in rehab for about three months. And, uh, she never really came around to, uh, to the way she was, uh, hit her that bad and then she ended up with, um, a lung disease. Uh, I don't have it. I have it written down but I don't right where I have it but it, it wasn't related to smoking as they, uh, as I understand. But anyway, uh, she, they gave her anywhere, you know, she asked the doctor how long do I have? He said it's something I can't answer. He said you could, you could last a day, you could last a year. You could last five years. Well, she lasted about five years and, and that, that was it. And then, um, me and her, uh, son, [PHI-Personal] the son, it was, it was a bad situation in her family, you know, her personal family, you know, up here with her son, got into some hot water and he made a turn around and, uh, but just the same uh created a problem between me and my cousin's husband and I ST up, I stuck up for my cousin and um, it almost became a murder. I don't want to say a murder scene, but it almost became a murder. And, um I was surprised her son called me the other day uh to see if I wanted to come up for dinner and he says we're going to my father's house. Well, the father and the son was in a huge situation for several years too. Along with me, we were all three of, you know, we were all together on this or feed. And, uh, I thought the best thing for me to do was say, no, don't go up because you never know what can come out, you know, from, uh, you know, past history.
Nurse: Right? Ok. Well, I'm sorry to hear about all of that, but I hope you do have a wonderful day tomorrow and if you need anything, don't hesitate to give me a call. Ok.
Patient: Ok. I, I will do that. And, uh, you have a wonderful, uh, Thanksgiving yourself and hopefully you're don't have to go into work tomorrow.
Nurse: No, not tomorrow. I'll be off.
Patient: Ok. I, I never know about your nurses. I don't know whether you work in a, in a hospital or not.
Nurse: Yeah, everyone's a little bit differently. I, I lucked out and I'll be off tomorrow.
Patient: That's good. That's good.
Nurse: All right. [PHI-Personal]. Well, you take care and if you need anything, don't hesitate to give me a call. Ok.
Patient: Yeah, like I said, you know, I also in the hospital II, I was, I was got interrupted there. Uh, but, uh, they were, they were short handed, ed up helping with the, um, oh, not, um, they had to draw, uh, get fluid out of her, uh, to run a test on it. Uh, I can't think of the name of that test. Uh Oh well, I'll come back to me sometime in the future but um, but no, I help with uh no colonoscopy. Um, it's to do with women, you know, er, getting liquid out of their system. Oh, ok. I can't think of the word.
Nurse: Ok. All right. Well, I've got to get going though but like I said, if you need anything you let me know
Patient: Will do. Thank you very much and you have a pleasant one.
Nurse: Thank you. Take care. Bye bye now.
Patient: Bye bye.
