Nurse: Thank you for calling the Care management program. My name is [PHI-Personal]. How may I help you?
Patient: Yes, sir. This is doctor. You left a message for me about some new benefit that doc doctor [PHI-Personal] is providing.
Nurse: Yes, let me get you pulled back up in my system. Give me one second. No. Yes. So the reason for my call today is doctor [PHI-Personal] is providing a care management program that he thought that you could benefit from. And what that is, it's where a dedicated nurse will call you in between [PHI-Personal] visits. She'll provide you with any assistance on your current health conditions. She can help with medications, excuse me, medications, lab results and community resources. The care nurse will call check in, see how you'[PHI-Personal] doing, make sure that everything's going ok and that you'[PHI-Personal] doing well. And while she's on the phone, she'll document your responses and provide a direct report to doctor [PHI-Personal]. The reports, help him to stay up to date on your wellbeing. And if he sees anything of concern in those reports, he will make sure it does get addressed immediately and this will not replace your [PHI-Personal] visits with him. But it will help him to be able to perform a more comprehensive [PHI-Personal] visit as those occur. And the whole purpose of the program is to make sure that you'[PHI-Personal] staying as safe and healthy as possible in between [PHI-Personal] visits. The program is a billable service to Medicare, Medicare advantage and secondary insurances. It's considered an [PHI-Personal] visit. So it may be subject to coinsurance, deductibles and copays. I do see that you have Medicare and AAA RP. Is that correct? That's correct. Ok. So traditional Medicare will cover 80% of the cost while the remaining 20% will go to your secondary insurance, which is that a ARP and the nurse can contact you either once a month, once every two months, every three months or every six months. And then you do have the option of reaching out to the care nurse when you have questions about your health needed any help with prescription refills, she can also help with setting up appointments and rescheduling appointments and she can also help expedite appointments as well.
Patient: Ok, I think I'm gonna take a pass on that, but thank you very much.
Nurse: Ok, not a problem. Um Would you like me to send you some additional information if you ever need the program in the future? Sure. Thank you very much. Is it 205 Mon Road? Yes. So I'll send you that additional information. If you ever need us in the future, you can always reach out. Ok, thank you very much. You're welcome. Have a great weekend. Bye bye.
