Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hey, [PHI-Personal]. My name is [PHI-Personal] and I'm returning a call.
Nurse: Hello, how are you?
Patient: I'm ok. Thank
Nurse: You. Good. Give me one second to pull up your chart. All right. So you're a patient with doctor at [PHI-Geographic], is that correct? That's correct. All right, perfect. So, thank you for calling me back first and foremost. Um, and I do just need to let you know that this call is gonna be recorded for training purposes. Ok. Ok. All right. And everybody says that I think so, the reason why I'm calling is to talk to you about Dr [PHI-Personal] new Care Management program. Are you familiar with that program at all?
Patient: I am not.
Nurse: Ok. So it is something new that the physicians recently started offering their [PHI-Personal] patients. And that program consists of a phone call from a nurse that works hand in hand with doctor. So, um, that nurse would call you at your convenience in between your appointments. They would check in with you, make sure you're feeling well. Medications are working well, but also giving you the option to call them directly if you ever needed assistance with anything or if you ever had any medical questions or concerns? Ok. So it is a billable service to [PHI-Personal], [PHI-Personal] Advantage and secondary insurance plans. And the calls are subject to deductibles, copays and coinsurance. Now, you have [PHI-Personal] primary with a ARP secondary. Is that accurate? Yes. Ok. And you don't pay any copays when you go to the office. Is that also correct?
Patient: I don't know, they charged me 100 and something dollars when I went about a month ago because they claimed that I was there uh 30 30 to 39 minutes. So there was like an extra 100 something charge. And I was like, I don't know about this. But anyway, so I, so that's not exactly accurate. I had to pay 100 and $27 for my appointment that I had about a month ago with her.
Nurse: Oh, well, I am not sure as to what that would have been for. Um, I, I, the reason why I mentioned the copay is because typically that's what patients would be responsible cost wise for if, for the phone calls from the nurse. Um I've never heard of that much and typically with the A, yeah, and typically with the A ARP, the, the insurances, there's either a very small, like five or $10 or no copay at all. Um, and it would show that on your card. I have one here from [PHI-Personal] of 2022 and it says up to $20 per office visit. So that still doesn't help us
Patient: Out. Yeah. So again, we, uh, it is as clear as mud. We, we called and said, yeah, what is this? Oh, then, ok, the charges are correct. I'm like, ok, I'm ask you about that, but we tried to, um, call in and, you know, but anyways that's probably a whole another subject. But I, um, I'm not sure that this is a service that I need. Is this like a half two service? Is that it you know?
Nurse: No, not at all. You don't have to um it's completely optional and um especially with your copay information I don't wanna uh you know I we don't know what that's going to be and I'm sure you don't wanna receive some kind of bill for a phone call. So is what I can do. Yeah is what I can do is I can just mail you out information and if anything changes in the future and yeah and if you wanted to call me, if you change your mind, my phone number will be listed on that letter. Perfect. All right, let me just confirm your address with you. I have 4004 West Oklahoma Avenue, Tampa Florida. 33616. Alright, so yeah thank you for calling me back. Um I'll mail you out that information and just let me know if you change your mind. Ok.
Patient: All right. Thanks so much. Yeah,
Nurse: Thank you. Have a good day. You too. Bye thanks. Bye bye.
