Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal] in care manager. Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is calling back. Hi, thanks for calling back. I appreciate it. Yep. So, how are things going? Oh, for me, they're going all right. Um, I was having just an awful time with an clogged e from March until a few weeks ago. Uh, and they finally put, they finally use, um, some antibiotic cream in there and directly put into my ear. They had put a tube in and normally that does, you know, I've had three tubes before this, so that normally takes total care of a blogged up ear for me. But this time it didn't. Uh, but I guess it must have had a slight infection or something in there because the antibiotic cream finally took care of it, but many months of a clogged up ear. Yeah, it must be a pain. Yeah. That would have made hearing difficult, that's for sure. Yeah. And you seem to be more prone to it. I have issues with my ears too. So some people are just, that's just the shape of their, their ear canal or whatever and, and they're more prone to issues. So, yeah, I think that's probably my case, unfortunately. But it is what it is. You could have a lot worse in life, that's for sure. Very true. And then I see that you had, um, an appointment last month regarding sleep apnea and your CPAP, did they order all the supplies? Did you get them? Well, they got me a new machine finally and they didn't have the kind of headgear that I normally use. And so I tried a new kind of headgear and it didn't work at all. And, and I think they're a totally mixed up operation actually there in care because the person I initially called to tell her, make sure that that's not on the order form that I get that kind again, the new kind because it just didn't work for me. Uh, I, I woke up in the night and there was hardly any air coming through at all. It's like a clear plastic one instead of the way the old one is. Uh, and so I switched over in the middle of the night to the other one because I have to have air coming through it. Uh, and it was fine once I switched over. I know it wasn't the machine. I knew it was the headgear, but at any rate I called one to tell her just, you know, the problems I was having with it to make sure it wasn't put on my order form and which they were going to do to switch me over to this other kind. Uh, and she says, oh, make an appointment and come in, uh, because since it didn't work for you, they'll replace it with the kind you like using no cost because you bought it. I had to buy it because I'm not due headgear new headgear until another month or so. Ok. So, uh, fine, I had an appointment yesterday to do that and then I have a thing telling me not to drive all the way down there. Evidently I was told that an error and I still have to wait until one is due. So it struck me is kind of weird that they would replace, you'd have a whole new machine, but they wouldn't replace every part of what you're using. I don't know, just struck me as strange. Yeah, it doesn't make any sense. Uh, so, and, and it was been since April that they knew about this and they were trying, you know, to get me a machine. Uh, they just are really messed up honestly. And you're not the only one I've heard. I've had a lot of patients have issues with CPAP machines. I know there was a bunch of recalls. They couldn't get new ones and then, and it's, it's just a mess. I don't know what's going on. Yeah, they're nice people but they're all very young staff and maybe they just don't have the depth of experience yet. I don't know. I don't think we have a lot of choice, you know. I think all is, well, it ends well, I think everything will be fine. I get what I need. But, um, and are you cleaning the tubing and everything properly every once in a while? Yeah. Not probably as much as they recommend, but, yeah. Ok. All right. My dad just uses vinegar. I know they, they say you should use distilled water and all this other stuff. But, uh, he's, he's for 20 years, he used vinegar and he's like, it works. That's what I'm sticking to and it's natural and I'm like, nothing wrong with that, you know, whatever you got. Yeah. Well, we usually use distilled water in it, but I don't do. No, they recommend you wash your lines and wash your nose thing every night. I don't do that. Um, life's too busy. It is too busy. I agree. Now, were you the one? I, I don't know if I have this correctly. You went on a road trip? You had an art show? Yep. Correct. Yeah. How was that? It was good. But of course I had to drive all the way there and back with a total clogged deer. Yeah. Um, and of course it's my right ear. So as the driver of the car, the person who's riding with me had to, you know, has to speak loudly so I could hear him. But all is, well, you know, it went fine, but I'm glad to hear. All right. Is, uh, is your husband still at PT? No, he's back. Do I don't know if you want to talk to the nurse care person? Yeah, it's his turn. He had a, a med change just to remind, remind him in case he doesn't mention it. Ok, thank you so much, [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Yeah. Yeah, I was gonna mention the, uh, prescription change. Uh, we deleted, um, Zoloft which didn't seem to be helping a whole lot and there seem to be some things happening. They were uncomfortable. So uh on our doctor's recommendation, we changed it to uh [PHI-Personal]. Ok. You familiar with that one?
Nurse: I am. Yeah, DULoxetine is the other name for it.
Patient: Yeah. So that seems we did discontinued the uh uh the other one and I'm feeling better. Uh I think its effect. Uh I think uh uh more my critical thinking is, is better. Uh So I'm, I'm happy with it. Uh see how it goes. Uh I'm still in the trial phase I think. But you've
Nurse: Noticed a difference like a little lightening up of everything.
Patient: Yeah. Well, there's a couple of things, it's supposed to help with the [PHI-Personal]. One of them is the depression and I feel that that's getting more under control. Uh not 100% where I wanna be. Yeah, but uh it went away and it's also supposed to be good for uh balance. Uh and I've, I've uh I guess I've improved on the balance. So I couldn't tell you from this morning though. I, I almost went down a couple of times, uh, when I was out of the walking and, uh, some tall weeds on my foot wrapped up in it. Um, had a, a truck, uh, one of these large equipment trucks that go in reverse, they make that be, be, be sound but really, really loud. And I was next standing next to my car when the truck, uh started backing up that way. And instantly I, I seem to lose my total sense of balance and I was going, going down. Uh I grabbed a hold of the car to, you know, stabilize myself and that worked. But if I let go of the car, it was right back there. Very powerful uh dizziness uh when the truck came out of reverse and just normally running and immediately the, the noise stops and then I could balance again. So I guess that was just, uh, you know, an assault on my inner ear. Uh But uh other than those, nothing has been remarkable. Uh Did it, did it
Nurse: Seem like, uh like an overload of the senses?
Patient: I'm sorry, say again, did it, did it
Nurse: Seem like an overload of the senses when you got off balance with the BP or was
Patient: It? Yeah, when the beep, beep was going on, it was like somebody flipped a switch that uh turned, um, my sense of balance on and off. Uh, it was like instantaneously and it was clearly, uh, tied in with the noise, the balance, uh, and it felt like, uh, my ears were under assault, uh, and it stopped as quickly. So it, it doesn't bother me now anymore. I just got back from an hour of, uh, physical therapy. Uh, I was ok. Uh, my balance was not as good as it has been lately, uh, But it was getting better as time went by. Uh And I'm pretty well passed the, the dizziness now. Uh So it's, it's not bothering me now. I'm I'm sure it was just uh a case of where uh my inner ear was being assaulted by the really loud noise or the frequency was, is that I'm not sure, you know, the mechanics of how the inner ear can uh you know, cause your sense of balance to go crazy, but I'm sure that was what it was
Nurse: And uh with uh the, the [PHI-Personal], it also helps with inflammation. So hopefully that will help your overall body. Uh because calm down a little bit.
Patient: That would be great letter word. That's what we're hoping for. Uh And I think it's, I think it's gonna happen. Uh ask her a question. She wants me. [PHI-Personal] wants me to ask you a question. We got an
Nurse: Email thing asking you to verify that your main uh doctor and I just wanna make sure because it came through on the computer and you never know. And it's asking and it asks for things like the [PHI-Personal]. Medicaid. Me, yeah. Medicaid number. I wanted to make sure it
Patient: Was legitimate. [PHI-Personal]. Not that
Nurse: I don't know about, about the email. I know for [PHI-Personal], I have listed Doctor [PHI-Personal] and for you, I have, what do I have for? You? Hold on.
Patient: Uh, I lost,
Nurse: I just lost my page. Give me one
Patient: Second. That's what happens with computers. They will malfunction at the least convenient place. Always,
Nurse: It's always at the worst time. Uh No, both of you. I have Doctor [PHI-Personal], but I don't know about the email.
Patient: Uh She was saying something also. I, I
Nurse: Came from the office, do I just i it and not answer it and, and what did it say on it? Can you read it to me or I'll get it up so
Patient: I can talk to her uh reading there. So, how are you?
Nurse: I'm hanging in there. I uh I'm still on a bunch of meds for my uh [PHI-Personal]. I don't know if I've talked to you about that before. No. What is it? It's, it's a tick borne parasite um that affects the red blood cells and it causes cognitive issues, vision, vision issues. Uh I started having all these problems last year and come to find out it was a parasite and it got in my brain and central nervous system. So, oh my gosh. Yeah. So I'm on a bunch of meds on and off for it. Um, I've seen some improvement but it's a long, a long road of healing because they're hard to get rid of.
Patient: So, what is the, this med that kit called? The disease? The
Nurse: Disease is called [PHI-Personal]. It's one of many tick borne diseases. I tested positive for multiple.
Patient: So, yeah, there were a bunch I came in contact with, not of that name but, uh, when I lived out west, uh, back packing into the Sierras and the [PHI-Personal], uh, we always had ticks to worry about and I had 11 time when I was two days in, into the wilderness. Uh, so coming out of it was not quite easy to do. I have to hike for a day and a half and, uh, get, go to see a doctor and then hike a day and a half back in. So, instead of that, I just had my buddy, uh, two of us were hiking together. Uh, we sharpened up his, uh, a little, uh, knife real sharp and I had him take and remove the tick with that. Uh, I still have a scar from it but, uh, I didn't have any disease. She is. I just was going to
Nurse: Also tell you that there was a teacher I taught with for years that had that and they were treating her for. Oh, lupus. Yeah. So I found out because I've been doing a lot of research the last year and a half, so many people are misdiagnosed with MS Alzheimer's lupus, all these other things and it's really tick borne related. So it's, it's a whole, and it's a big taboo subject in healthcare right now. So it's, uh, it's been a fun to deal with all the doctors and insurance companies and they don't wanna do anything. Right. Right. And if, if they can't see it and they don't believe it exists. Ok. So this is from something that says family health medical services at the top. It also says it also has a logo that says honest with the heart and the o it says dear [PHI-Personal] beneficiary, please fill out, please complete this form to tell [PHI-Personal] that family health medical services is the main place you go for routine care, sign the form. So then the form says it's from C MS centers for [PHI-Personal] and Medicaid services at the top and it says confirmation of main doctor or other health care professional, voluntary alignment cover letter I'm signing below. I am confirming my main doctor or other health care professional or the main place I go for routine medical care is and it has a provider name and medical group, family health medical services beneficiary, [PHI-Personal]. Then they it asks for your [PHI-Personal] number and then your signature and then the date. And uh so I think the whole thing is a bunch of bullshit. Uh it says I, it sounds more like it would be coming from, from the insurance company, from [PHI-Personal]. So I, it wouldn't be from our office from the way it's worded. It sounds like it's for their purpose. I would call them. If you have any questions. If you don't trust it, then, you know, I don't blame you. Welling and returning this form is voluntary, it won't affect your [PHI-Personal] benefit. So I, I wouldn't even worry about it. Yeah, I think it's a bunch of bullshit because down at the, down at the very bottom I read to no longer receive emails from [PHI-Personal]. Whoever the hell [PHI-Personal] is. Click on the link below. Unsubscribe. So I think they were, they were just fishing for people's Medicaid numbers. Yeah, possibly. Yeah, I wouldn't even worry about it. If they really need it. They'll call you or send an official official. Ok? All right. Thank you. You're very welcome. Yep. Oh, are you done with [PHI-Personal]? Oh, if, if he's done I, I don't know if there was anything else he needed to tell me or if he's good. I'm good.
Patient: Thanks for talk to you soon. Alright,
Nurse: Perfect. Have a wonderful weekend. You guys, I'll talk to you later. Yeah. Thank you. Bye bye bye.
