Nurse: This is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you? Hi,
Patient: This is Lo, we're finally connecting.
Nurse: Oh, hi, [PHI-Personal]. Finally. Yes, I was, uh, trying to call you yesterday and I, I'm sorry, I didn't get back to you immediately. I usually would, I was just stuck in a meeting for a while. How are you today?
Patient: Good. Well, we're going back and forth every day. My husband's going through, uh, cancer treatment. So I, there's a section during every day. I'm not here
Nurse: Anyway. So. Oh, got you. So what's, what's the best time to probably reach you,
Patient: Um, afternoons right now?
Nurse: Ok. That, that's, that's agreeable. I can put that in your chart here. And, uh, yeah, I was just calling to reach out to you. I wanted to let you know that I, um, my name's [PHI-Personal]. I'm gonna be the nurse that's gonna be calling you once a month and checking in on you in between your doctor's visits. Uh, your patients, a doctor here. Correct. Right. All right, great. And, um, so, well, I just wanted to let you know a little bit about what I do. Um, like I said, I'll be checking in on you, if you have any acute issues or, or things that come up for you here and there, you can always call the number, um, the same number that you called me back at and I'm gonna send you out, uh, a letter as well just to, um, make sure that you have that, uh, my name and my contact number and, you know, whenever you need me and with that I can, I can set up appointments for you. I, um, with this provider or any of your specialist providers. Um, I can, you know, refill your medications for you. I can answer any questions that you might have on any of your health care or any, uh, health care in general. You know, if you're having any issues and, um, I can send messages back and forth to here, um, on your behalf. I do see you're on the portal though. So I, I know you're able to do that as well. So that's a good, good thing to have. So that's perfect. Um, what I did want to do with you before, um, you know, we move on is doctor sent me over a list of your medications if I could just confirm those, um, that you're taking those and that, and my list is correct. Would you be able to do that if I told you the name of the medication? Yeah, perfect. All right. I have that you're taking Cel or CeleBREX once a day. Yeah. 200 milli. I have you taking, um, vitamin D 3, 2000 units a day. Yes, I have you taking your levothyroxine 25 mgs a day? Yes, I have your metoprolol 50 mg, extended release once a day. Yeah, I have your potassium citrate. 10 milli equivalence. Two, twice a day.
Patient: Um, I'm not doing the potassium right now.
Nurse: Not doing the potassium. Did someone take you off of it or was it, was it not? Well, well,
Patient: I got a when, when was that I was in there and had a, I was, I overloaded her short [PHI-Personal] when I was in there with that bowel blockage, I was overloaded
Nurse: And
Patient: Well, it was before the holidays and had a bowel blockage. Mhm.
Nurse: And when they were
Patient: Running tests or whatever, I think I was, I was the other way. So they
Nurse: Took him out. I got you, I got you. So they're aware of this then. Ok, perfect. Um too high and then you know that you said that was before Christmas or before? Um. Ok. Too much. All right, great. And how about you doing your simvastatin um 10 mg in the evening for your cholesterol? Yeah. And then I have your uh reve TZ I'm sorry, eye drops at bedtime.
Patient: Um they changed the eye drops to Ol
Nurse: Timolol. Ok. And, and they took away the Travatan, right? Let me just import your eye drop here just one moment. Mm. And that was by, uh, [PHI-Personal]. Is that correct? Is that how you say it? Aio?
Patient: Um, well, who did this is? Um,
Nurse: And, um, then I, you're doing that. What one drop to both eye? Once a day? Yes. Ok. And then I have your, uh, Triamcinolone cream or lotion. It's, um, it's usually for rashes. Yep. Ok. And then I have a Triam Hydrochlorothiazide that's going to be for your BP. Yes. All right. Any other medications from any other doctor that I haven't mentioned today? No, that's all I do. All right, perfect. And did you need any refills today? Um
Patient: Not today.
Nurse: No. All right, perfect. And did you have any questions as far as the program's concerned?
Patient: No, only but I can call this number if I do need a refill? Yes,
Nurse: Absolutely. Um and all right, so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna send you out that letter that is that going to [PHI-Geographic]? And [PHI-Geographic]? All right, perfect. And you're still using your [PHI-Personal] insurance for your uh insurance for the doctor's office, correct? Um
Patient: [PHI-Personal] and a ARP I have.
Nurse: Perfect. I do have that in here. All right, great. Um So if there's no other questions, I'm gonna just go ahead and send that. Do you want me to send that to your portal or you want me to send that hard copy to your home, the portal? And I'll get it. All right, perfect. I'll, I'll have that over for you. Probably about 10 minutes after I get your care plan all set up. Ok. Ok, thank you. All right. You have a great day.
