Nurse: Hi, this is Jennifer. Can I help you? Hi, Jennifer. Uh my name is Nick. I'm sorry, I missed your call. Oh, that's ok. Thanks for returning my call. Let me pull up your chart here. So it looks like yesterday they enrolled you into the care management program where you'll be receiving a call from me every six months. Ok. So I was just calling to introduce myself and go over your chart information. Ok. Ok. Do you have a couple minutes to do that? I do. Ok. So, um, what the program is is I just call you every six months. You don't have to wait for my call. You can call me anytime you need something like a refill or you wake up feeling sick one day. I have a question about anything medical or need help with, um, transportation, um, making other doctor's appointments. You can call me and I can assist you with that. Ok. Um, so I'm, you're gonna get two letters yesterday. A letter was mailed out from enrollment just stating that you're enrolled into the program with Doctor Ney's office and then I'm going to mail you out a letter that has my contact information on it and it's also going to have Wellness goals on there. The wellness goals are just little reminders to complete like your mammogram, your annual Wellness visit lab work, stuff like that. Mhm. Ok. So I have your address as 38 Kennedy Drive Jersey Shore, correct? Ok. So I will go ahead and mail the letter there and then I have your insurance as Medicare P A and a ARP United Healthcare. That's correct. Ok. And let's see, your medications, you have a short list here. Um, if would you, um, be able to identify them if I read them off? Ok. So I have your calcium 600 plus um, D. Mhm. Ok. Coq 10. Mhm. Eliquis five mg that you take twice a day, correct? Fish oil, 1000 mg, metoprolol. Um, it looks like you take it 25 mg, one in the morning and a half of one in the evening. That's correct. Ok. You have your multivitamin and a vitamin B complex with vitamin C in it. Mhm. Yes. Ok. Are you taking anything else? I did not list? I am not. Ok. And do you need any refills right now? Not right now? Ok. And your main pharmacy that you use is Walmart, correct? Ok. Ok. Well, that was very short and brief. You have a nice easy medication list. So, um, so I will mail you out my letter, um, with my contact information on it that way. You have it. Um you can also save my name and um information in your phone that way if you need to. Now this every six months you can change that like say something happens medically and you need um more care, more specialist visits, something something is going on. We can always change that. Um we can do it every month, every two months, whatever you prefer. Ok. Yes. Ok. Well um if you need anything else, give me a call. Ok, otherwise I'll talk to you in about six months. Alright. Ok, you're welcome Polly. You have a good day. You as well. Bye. Thank you. Bye bye.
