Nurse: Hey, [PHI-Personal], what's going on?
Patient: Ok. Pick it up and there was nobody in the other end. Oh, no.
Nurse: Well, I did leave you a voice mail so disregard that, but I'm sorry, I missed your call. It's been a while.
Patient: Ok. Yes.
Nurse: What's up? What can I do for you?
Patient: Ok. Well, I call here. Ok. I, uh, ma on the [PHI-Personal]. Ok. And, uh, I don't know if I'm allowed to go back at this time or not. Uh, and I'm gonna have to call and tell them something here. I was, I was wondering, is, is there any way you could find out, uh, uh, from, uh, the doctor, uh, doctor, uh, you gonna be allowed to work or because everything, it kind of messed up when I had that after I had all my moved back. And, uh, they, I think they wanted to take care of that abdominal aneurysm before anything, you know. Mm.
Nurse: And they said they were gonna do something about that abdominal aneurysm.
Patient: Uh, I think they were because they were, well, that's the impression I got. Uh, so I, because I can't go back to work if I have, if I have restrictions. Ok. What do
Nurse: You do for work again?
Patient: Ok. I work
Nurse: For who, I'm sorry, you cut out.
Patient: I, I work for the Department of Veterans.
Nurse: Oh, perfect. Ok.
Patient: And we do, I, I over the aircraft and, and I do have some, I do have some lifting, heavy lifting stuff to do and the way I understood from them, they didn't want me doing heavy lifting while I have this.
Nurse: Ok. And you said something about FML A on the [PHI-Personal]? Are you, are you saying that's when it expires?
Patient: Yes. Oh,
Nurse: Ok. And, and who filled out the FML A? Was that?
Patient: Yes, it was, that, that was the thing that I think quite understand. Ok. Doctor had it filled out and I think his was until the [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Uh, and the H uh hr department, my hr department which, which isn't the most, well, whatever I got two FMLAS and they screwed up both of them. Ok. So not real high on my, but she had me as going back on the 17 is the [PHI-Personal] way is not much difference, not gonna get this done by you today
Nurse: For sure. Yeah. Uh, and it looks like we don't even have another appointment with Doctor [PHI-Personal] until.
Patient: Exactly. And yes, and I don't have, uh, I don't have any appointments about this, uh, aneurysm until the [PHI-Personal]. Well, I do back on [PHI-Personal]. Uh,
Nurse: So I have, you have an appointment with [PHI-Personal] on the [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. So, I do not know how to go about it. I went and talked to my, uh, supervisor yesterday after that and she told, she doesn't know exactly where to go from here. So she give me another number that I'm gonna have to get a hold of someone who does, who knows more about this. And, uh, but I, I don't wanna call her and try to explain to her without getting some kind of word for
Nurse: Direction on what we're doing. Yeah,
Patient: There's no sense to me calling. I know what going on.
Nurse: Yeah, I'm looking through the last note with doctor which was last month that he mentioned anything about the FML A or the restrictions at on that day.
Patient: No, he did not.
Nurse: OK. And when was your FML A started? Do you remember
Patient: Uh that was started back in [PHI-Personal] in [PHI-Personal] at, at the end of [PHI-Personal]? I think it was [PHI-Personal]
Nurse: [PHI-Account] that was, that was due to the stroke, correct?
Patient: Uh No, no, no. OK. That we started because see that time that I can explain it to you.
Nurse: What was Yeah,
Patient: Go ahead. OK. OK. Here, here, here's the whole thing happened. OK. Originally, it was supposed to be easy peasy thing going on with uh OK. OK. And, and I had, I had that left leg done before, but it was only about eight years that OK. Anyhow, uh I went in to have it done. And doctor went well, he wanted to redo it but the, the artery was completely blocked. They couldn't get through. So, he had to r, on my knee. Mm. Mhm. It seems to be working fine. I mean, so far it's working fine but one of the downsides of it was, uh, so plaque broke loose and it, it, uh, I get it screwed up my right. It caused a stroke. I couldn't pick any up with it right up. But now I've gotten, I've gotten everything back. I just kept working with the, I got everything back the way, the way it was. Ok.
Nurse: Really? Ok. What about your vision? I heard you were having some issues with that.
Patient: Well, what, ok.
Nurse: What was that? We're getting there, we're getting there. The vision is getting better.
Patient: Oh, no, no, no. It's not gonna, not gonna get any anyhow. After first stroke that all came back. Ok. Good, good. They also, uh, when they, they found that the carotid artery on the left side of my neck is fine. Uh huh. So they scheduled me to go in and put a stent in there? Ok. So that's, uh, I think it was about two weeks later, three weeks later, somewhere in there they went in to put a stent in my neck and that, that seem to work well until, until like a week and a half later weeks later, I was sitting here watching TV. And my left eye just went black. Oh, my goodness. I couldn't see. And the wife to take me in because I, in there and I, I had another stroke and he said, plaque broke lo and it settled in front of my optic, yeah, front of the optic nerve. The left eye. And they doctor didn't think I come back. I got, I got about, mm, maybe half of that, uh, the top half I get from and the bottom half can
Nurse: And that's in which eye is that my left eye, left eye. So you got a little bit of it back?
Patient: Yes. Ok. Uh, better than nothing but exactly better than nothing.
Nurse: Now, do you, do you feel ready to go back to work?
Patient: Ok. Here's, here's the problem. Ok. Is for some, I, I never, I never ever felt tired before in my life. I was always, and now it's kind of like I go do a few things and I'm like, oh, my, as
Nurse: You
Patient: Said, like I think you called ST something.
Nurse: Mhm. It's very after that. Yeah. So it's like your body has to re figure out, you know how to, I mean, it's working harder. Does that make sense? You're, you're putting a lot more effort into making those movements and so it just exhausts you so quickly.
Patient: Yes, I can tell that just, it, uh, I can just tell the difference. I mean, I, yeah, so it, but I can tell you, I can tell. So, uh, I, I do iii I wanna go back. But, yeah, I know. Exactly. Well, but we
Nurse: Don't want you to go back if it's not safe either. You know, if you're this tired, if you're not able to lift, you know, I'm not sure what doctor is gonna say, but I think I, I finally found the FML A form, it does say until the [PHI-Personal]. So I don't think you should go back until then they need, I don't know what they mixed up with your paperwork, but ours says the [PHI-Personal]
Patient: Now. So
Nurse: Yeah, and so I'll send it a message over to doctor [PHI-Personal]. I know he is out. I think he's out the rest of this week. Um, so I might send it, you know, to the, the office manager and see if she wants us to wait. I think he's back on Monday. See if she wants us to wait. What is Monday the [PHI-Personal]? So, uh yeah, that's kind of cutting it close there. So let me, let me, oh, go
Patient: Ahead. You say that it either way you gonna have to wait. I, I just need to talk to this other person. I need something to them about. I don't wanna talk to. No, anything. Yeah. Well,
Nurse: No, I get what you're saying. I would definitely call them and say, hey, my doctor does not want me to go back until at least the [PHI-Personal]. And they're just, and I would just say to them, they're deciding what we're doing from here. Um, because your doctor is not in the office today, that's what I would tell them because the paperwork I see says until the [PHI-Personal] you are not to work.
Patient: Ok. And he, here's the other thing that I was wondering about now because II, I didn't realize this aneurysm at the bottom of my stomach, there was that dangerous. Ok. Uh, and with everything getting moved back with these different strokes that I had, uh, I was hoping, but obviously not every moved back. So if they do wanna take care of that and I can't lift anything taken care of, uh, I just wanna pay if I can lift something before it gets taken care of or, uh, I just,
Nurse: Yeah, I, I'm not sure because, because I'm, you know, I'm not the [PHI-Personal] doctor. You know, some people, if it's small they leave them and they keep them on lift restrictions and sometimes they do do something about it, but I, I don't, I can't say one way or another. Um,
Patient: The only thing I was trying to worry about is they said, uh, they said it was, it was pretty large. Ok. And, and, uh, the, the one doctor said, well, how to do something about. We didn't, we didn't wanna nothing wrong with it or something. Mhm. He said if it the first and I don't know what he said. He said if the first have to worry about you be open on the table.
Nurse: Oh, my goodness.
Patient: He was an asshole. That's the guy. I don't, that's
Nurse: Not a way I would go about saying that that is not very nice at all.
Patient: No, no, that's the asshole that I don't like. So he might have done that for something.
Nurse: Yeah, I would not have been happy with that. Ok. I'm just looking through all these notes here. I know you recently saw the neurologist and everything and the cardiologist last month. So I'm just looking to see if they've said anything about restrictions. Um, did they, during your office visits that you remember, say anything about restrictions at this point?
Patient: The only restriction that I heard anybody say about was lifting?
Nurse: Yeah. And what is your lifting restriction?
Patient: 10 lbs. Mm. Ok. And I, I have things I have to list that 75
Nurse: And when, when was the last time one of the doctors told you about that?
Patient: Uh, oh jeez, I, I'll be quite honest with. No,
Nurse: I get it. I don't think I would be able to keep up with that either. That's ok.
Patient: And
Nurse: Do you know which doctor originally told you that? Was it the cardiologist? Was it doctor? Was it the hospital? I know. I'm sorry
Patient: It was in the minute it started not lift in the hospital.
Nurse: Ok. So you have not been able to lift since your hospital stay and they said that's due to the aneurysm. Correct. Yes. Ok. Perfect. So, since that hasn't changed, I, I don't know if they're gonna, you know, since your aneurysm hasn't been treated, I don't know if they're gonna want you to go back to work because I don't think they're gonna want you to risk anything, at least until your appointment that's on the [PHI-Personal] to figure out what our game plan from here is, you know?
Patient: Yes, that's ok. They see if I, if I had something solid to go on when I saw because I, I just be calling and talking and like just hot air because I would, so,
Nurse: You know, I can't guarantee that that's what doctor is gonna say. But, you know, it would not surprise me if he was wanting to extend your FML A. Um, so my recommendation at this point would be to go ahead and contact them, say, hey, my paperwork says until the [PHI-Personal]. So my doctor is not wanting me to go back until then and then I would let them know about your current lift restrictions and that you're working with the office to get new recommendations, but that your doctor is not back in the office until Monday because I think doctor should definitely look over this. I don't think that, you know, another doctor should check it. You know what I mean? Um,
Patient: He knows everything
Nurse: Exactly. He's on top of it
Patient: And the, and the thing that concerned me concerned me the most now the last time that I was in there and I spoke with him, uh, he just didn't seem real motivated about me going back to work. Right.
Nurse: Yeah, I, and that, that does not surprise me at all.
Patient: Yeah. So he just, he didn't seem to be like, really,
Nurse: And, you know, I'm kind of on the same page until we get everything figured out. I don't know if lifting and stressing yourself out is really the most important thing right now. You know, we really need to take care of you and get you stable if that makes sense.
Patient: Yes, that would ii, I would go with that because I, I, I'm just not used to getting tired crap.
Nurse: Yeah, I know. It's not any fun so day by day and make sure you're getting lots of, you know, good sleep. Not that you should be napping all day, but make sure, you know, that you're making sure you go to bed at the same time at night, getting up at the same time in the morning, things like that. So that you're getting a good amount of sleep, you know,
Patient: I'm trying,
Nurse: Ok, I know it's a lot easier for me to say it than to do it. You know, I tell people this, but I don't get the best sleep all the time either, you know. Oh, my goodness. Ok. Well, how about I send a message off to Doctor [PHI-Personal]. He should be back in, I think Monday. That's the [PHI-Personal], right? Let me look. I think he's back. Yes. So Monday, I believe is when he comes back to the office, so I'll send him a message today and then I'll check in on Monday to see if he's responded to it and see where we go from here. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Uh, you gonna give me a call back and do you want me to call
Nurse: You? Of course, of course I will call you back as soon as I hear something I'll give you a call. Ok, thank you so much of course. Is there anything else I can help with today? Any med refills or anything?
Patient: Uh I think I I think I ok at the moment. Perfect
Nurse: Perfect. Alright
Patient: I haven't had a chance to run back to my prescription but I think I'm ok
Nurse: That's ok. Well if anything changes you just give me a call. Ok, but as soon as I hear something I'll let you know.
Patient: Ok, thank you so
Nurse: Much. Of course, of course Larry you have a good rest of your day. Ok. You too bye. Alright bye bye.
