Nurse: Good morning. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. It's [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Hi, how are you?
Patient: I'm not too good. Right now, I'm a nervous wreck. Um, the last couple of days, [PHI-Personal] gets up from the couch and he's dizzy. And last night, well, in the morning he was dizzy. But then when he's sitting down, he's fine. But as soon as he gets up, he's real lightheaded and dizzy and I don't know what happened, but he started going, he went to open the curtains in the living room and he started going around in a circle and he lost his balance and fell against the TV and knocked the TV against the wall.
Nurse: Oh, no.
Patient: Oh, yeah. So I called my son right away and he came down and we took his BP and he said he's drinking enough water, but he said he needs to drink Gatorade to get some more chemicals in him. So I had one Gatorade left and I gave it to him. He drank that. Now this mo and he has to take me to get my perm today and I don't want him to do it. And he said I [PHI-Personal] taking you to get your perm. You always feel better after you get it. And my son said, I, I don't want you doing that dad but he said I'm all right, as long as I'm sitting down. But, um, he, he just, I, I don't know what it is. Do you think it could be vertigo?
Nurse: Um, you know, it's, it is, you know, it's possible, um, what, you know, when your son came over and took his BP, what was the BP? Was it
Patient: Low? It was about 1 36/70
Nurse: 1, 36/70 something like that. Yeah. Ok. So within, within normal range, I mean, that, that's an ok, BP. Nothing to, um, not worried about there. You know, um, when he's getting up from the couch or from chair, you know, going to go into a standing position. Does he do it slowly or does
Patient: He? That's my problem. I kept telling him yesterday you're getting up too fast and you're not ready to go. I said, put it, put the, the lounger down on the, on the couch and sit there for a couple of minutes until you get your bearings. Yeah. And then slowly get up. Yeah. Well, he tried that this morning and he was just a little bit more shaky again. Ok. And the w the worst thing about it is my sister called me and she said I've been dizzy all day today. I said, what in the heck is going on.
Nurse: Yeah.
Patient: Yeah. But I know I had vertigo and it's terrible. And last night he just went in a circle and, oh my God, his back went right against the TV, knocked it off the, the things and went right to the wall and I called Brian. He came right down right away. But, um, he's gonna go get groceries tonight for us and, uh, but we were gonna have a, the kids wanted to take us out for our 50th anniversary on Friday. And I just called my other son and told him to cancel it because I, I just, I'd rather just be home, but I, I don't wanna cancel my appointment because it's a, my hair is a mess and he said, well, you're not because you always feel better when you do that. But I said, do you, are you sure you can drive? Yes, it's just when I get up quick or if I'm, I, I don't know, I think I, I just wondered if it was vertigo.
Nurse: Well, you know, I know, um, too [PHI-Personal] Grace. I know that when he was in to see doctor, um, at the end of [PHI-Personal] on the [PHI-Personal], I know that doctor had changed, um, yeah, was gonna have him change one of his, his medications for like his mood and anxiety and things. The [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. Uh, well, let's see. We, he's on the still on the 40 mg of the, the [PHI-Personal]. But then, well, no,
Patient: He was on, he was on, somebody somehow got changed at the pharmacy and he was, he was on twenties. And we said to doctor, did you drop him to twenties? He said, no, I never did. He should be taking 40. So now he's done, uh, with the twenties. He had to wait like two weeks. And now last night my son said, what do you, are you all right? Are you off of the twenties? Now? He said, yeah, now I'm taking 2 40. So I said, oh my God, no, you take 1 40. Now you were taking two twenties that made a 40 now you need 1 40. I can't get that through. He said he said I should write this stuff down. Yeah, but yeah, would that cause it?
Nurse: Well, uh that can cau that could potentially cause it. But I know he was also on the um he was doing the Buspirone 10 mg in the morning and 10 mg at night for anxiety. And doctor changed that to the buPROPion which he was gonna have to start taking. Um I think he would have started taking that probably Monday of this week potentially. Uh See, I, I
Patient: Don't know when he takes his medicine. I, I don't know when he's doing it. OK. But can you talk to him and see, figure out ab ab what he's doing with his medicine but, but, but I'm just worried that, that I should get a prescription for vertigo. Would that hurt him if he wasn't on Ver didn't have vertigo, but he's been light headed, like, uh, probably a good week off and on now in the morning and then at night, last night he started again and I know when I had it, I just couldn't hold, I was spinning around knocking into the walls and everything and that's just what he did last night.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. Well, and I'm, you know, I'm wondering too, with what he's doing for medication wise, if that could be having an effect on it, if he's not taking, if he's taking way too much of the [PHI-Personal] and then starting this other medication that doctor had put him on, um, at his last appointment between the two of them, you know, the side effects for a lot of those medications for like your mood and anxiety and things can cause side effects of dizziness. Um, you know, and then with him taking literally double the dose of the [PHI-Personal] that could have, um, had an effect on it too, you know, with how, um, it's like for yesterday. Um, you know, so I'm just really, I'm really concerned that,
Patient: Yeah, we were, we were trying to get him to tell us how he was taking his medicine and then he got all confused and stuff. But, ok. Do you want to talk to him? Yeah.
Nurse: Yep. I can talk to him. Ok,
Patient: [PHI-Personal] goes on the phone. She wants to go through me.
Nurse: Hello. Hello, [PHI-Personal]. How are you? Well, I've had better days. I've, I, I heard that things aren't, uh, aren't, uh, going, going so well as far as with being pretty lightheaded and dizzy when getting up off of, you know, going to, into a standing position for you. Um, and [PHI-Personal] Grace had made a comment that there that, uh, maybe there's some confusion and how your medication, how you're supposed to be taking your medications. Um, do you want to go through your meds with me and tell me what you're doing as far as medication wise and then I can make sure that that's, you know, how you're supposed to be taking them. Ok. Well, I get back, go back to my office. Ok. Sounds good twice. Ok. Ok. All right. I started off in the morning with, ah, [PHI-Personal] Troon or levothyroxin. 50 mgs. Ok. And that's for your thyroid. So you take that one first, right. That was, that's in the morning. Ok. And I, uh, I go to, uh, probably lunch time or so and then I, uh, I take, uh, Bu Pr Oppion. Ok. The buPROPion. And that's, that's 100 mg gram tab. Right. That's correct. I take that one. Ok. And, uh, F AM ot ID? Ine Famotidine for your stomach. Yeah, that's, uh, 40 mg. I take that one and I take my, uh,
Patient: [PHI-Personal]
Nurse: And my other one omeprazole um one for cholesterol or sta statin or something? 20 mg 20 mg. OK. Yeah. And for BP that's uh amLODIPine. Am Lod IP. Ine. OK. And how much of the uh [PHI-Personal] have you been taking? [PHI-Personal]? Just one? What uh let's see here. Yeah. Well, I take one of them and one of the uh omeprazole or 40 mg. OK? Every, every day. OK. OK. And those are so at lunch time let me just go back and verify. So at around lunch time you're taking 100 mg of the buPROPion medication. 40 mg of the famotidine. Yep. The 40 mg of [PHI-Personal] which is 11 tab. Yeah. And then 40 mg of omeprazole. Yep. And doing 20 mgs of atorvastatin for the for cholesterol, right? And five mgs of the amLODIPine for BP all at lunch time. Yeah. Ok. Ok. Um and then do you have anything that you take at bedtime or around supper time? Yeah, I take a uh a uh yeah. Zole uh I take one of them and uh see where is it here? Uh Famotidine, F AM OT ID ine. Ok. No, I don't. I think that's the one I take. Yeah, let me take the cap off. Yeah. Yeah, that's, I think that's the one I take at night. Ok. So you're doing another Famotidine along with the omeprazole around supper time or at night time? Yes. Ok. So the, the way that I have this on here. Um, [PHI-Personal], is that the famotidine, uh, 40 mgs? You only have to take that once a day. So when you're taking it at lunchtime, you shouldn't have to take it again at supper time, you should only have to take just the omeprazole. Um, I have the omeprazole written for twice daily. Ok. Uh, let me, uh, let me get a piece of paper here or something to write on. OK. All right. In the morning, I take the [PHI-Personal] 50 mgs. That's in the morning. OK. That's that the levothyroxine. That's the first thing you take in the morning. Yeah. OK. Yeah. And then OK. What's the next one at lunch time? Lunch time? Then you're taking one tablet of the buPROPion medication. The 100 mg. Yeah. Let's see if I, I got to figure out how to spell it. OK. I've, well, I don't even see that one. What, what is it? It's uh the 100 it's 100 mg of the buPROPion. So it's bu pr oh pion hydrochloride, er 100 mg. And that should say something on there like take 100 mg or one tablet once daily for, for mood. Yeah. OK. That's it. All right. VVU pr Opl A or Pion. Yep. Yep. OK. And now these are at noon. Yep. Yep. So you take 100 mg of the buPROPion at noon. Now, um then you also will take 40 mg of famotidine for your stomach? Ok. That's at night or, or one? Yeah, you can have it at noon or you can have it at night time. It's up to you. Yeah. Ok. Um, but if you wanna leave it at lunchtime that I, that, I think that's ok too. That's definitely fine. Ok. And then, uh, 40 mg of the [PHI-Personal] or FLUoxetine, you take one tablet of the, the [PHI-Personal] at lunch time. Ok. And then, uh 40 mg of the omeprazole for your stomach at lunch time. Zole. Yep. What's that? 40 mg for a bottle? OK. All right. And then um 20 mg of the atorvastatin calcium for, for cholesterol. Uh Yeah. OK. And then five milli go ahead just a minute. I I was still looking for that as for the atorvastatin. Yeah. Eight. Yeah. OK. Just a minute. No, you're fine. OK. That's uh yeah, that was uh 20 mg. Yep. 20 mg. OK. And then we have five mg of amLODIPine besilate for BP. Yes. Uh Wait a minute right here. Yeah. OK. One of them five mg. Yeah. OK. And then at supper time you have um you, you take another dose of the omeprazole, the 40 mg, omeprazole. Yep. OK. Uh All right. Now do I take it? I at supper time? What do I do? I take that at, at, at night too or before I go to bed? No, no, just take it. So you took it um you had it down for that. You would take the omeprazole at, around lunch time and then do another dose, um, at supper, around supper time. And then that'll be your two doses for the day for the omeprazole. Oh, ok. No, I'm on the, uh, omeprazole. Is that what? That was the last one? You? Yep. The omeprazole. Yeah. The 40 mg of the omeprazole. Yeah. Would be for, at, um, at, uh, supper time. Ok. All right. And then that should be everything for medication wise. Um, now the other question I had was, I know doctor had given you, I believe it was the Spiriva respimat, uh, the samples when you went in for your appointment. Do you use that right away in the morning too? No, I've been doing it just, you know, randomly it says once a day. I just, you know, ok. Do you try to keep it, you know, around the same time every day that you use the, do the, the inhaler or the Spiriva Respimat? Um, ok. I would try to, uh, make note, maybe make note on, on your paper that you have your medications on to try to do it around the same time every day. Um, you know, whether you choose to do that, you know, around like nine o'clock in the morning every morning or if you do it at, you know, three o'clock in the afternoon, um, just so that you are, are being consistent with it and then you know, that it works better if you try to keep it around, you know, within a couple hours of each other, every day. Try to do it at this, around the same time. Ok. Now I, I, I've got one here. I started it and then we went to something else and I didn't get it. Uh, it, uh, I'll, I'll tell you what all I have here. Ok. 50 mg of, uh, yeah. Yeah. Right. I got [PHI-Personal] 40. Zole, 40. Sin 20. OK. AmLODIPine five and Zole 40. No, the, the one I had it, it on the, the top here. I have a 13 now but I didn't get the rest of it. I don't know what that was. Ok. Um Yeah, I'm not sure what, because um because I've got the buPROPion that was 100 mg but there's nothing that, that's 13. Um Because what, so what you should have to is that in the morning? You take that 50 micrograms of the levothyroxine for your thyroid. Do you have that for right away in the morning? Yeah. Ok. Then at around lunch time you should have down that. You do 100 mg of the buPROPion or one tablet of the buproprion that uh bup as in Paul, R [PHI-Personal] as in Paul, I on as in Nancy. Ok. Now that's in the morning. No, that one is around lunch time. Oh, ok. Yeah. All right. And then you should also have your uh 40 mg of [PHI-Personal] which would be 11 tab at lunch time. And then um I also have the Famotidine 40 mg at lunch time. Is that, that [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal] the uh that, no, that's your BP, that's your BP pill. But that one is all. Yeah, the amLODIPine, the one that you were just spelling to me is also at lunch time. Oh, is it oomom? Uh P er sol? Uh, no, that's omeprazole, which is for your stomach, which your first dose, the first dose of the omeprazole should also be at lunch time. Do I take that? I don't take that twice. Do you? Yep. Yep. You take one at, at lunch time and then one again around supper time. Uh, and that's the only medication that you have that you take twice a day? Oh, ok. Now, like at night I was taking a Pepcid at night. Um, no, that is, well, and that's, were you taking it twice? The Pepcid? Were you doing that twice a day? Yeah. Ok. Because that's only written for one time a day? Oh, ok. So you can, I mean you can definitely take it at night if you want to, if you feel like it works better. But, um, you know, that's up to you how you want to do it but just make sure you're only doing it one time a day. Ok. Cause sometimes that can be a little bit too much. Um, you know, antacid medication or to help with the, the stomach upset, um, sometimes that can cause the opposite effect and, and make you feel not so good. Yeah. Ok. Ok. And so a major, it looks like a majority of your medica. Basically. What I've got is that you do right away in the morning, you do that levothyroxine for your thyroid. Um, and then the other thing on the flip side of that you do your second dose of omeprazole at supper time and then the rest of your medications are at lunch around lunch time. Ok. What's this, uh, a Torstin 20 mg? That's for your cholesterol. So you take that one time, one time a day for your cholesterol. Can I take that at, like, in, um, at noon or? Yeah. Yep. Yeah, if you want, if you're doing so, you know, the only two that we really need to, to, um, not necessarily separate out, but you're doing the, the levothyroxine for your thyroid in the morning and then the second dose of omeprazole at supper time, then the rest of them you can do at lunch time. Ok. Ok. And then that famotidine or the Pepcid, just make sure you're only doing one dose one time a day. Ok. Um, [PHI-Personal] Lod IP. Any, what was that one that's for your BP? Five mg for your BP. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Uh, one a day. Yep. One a day. So, if you wanna keep that at lunch time. That's fine. OK. Um One thing I did wanna ask you to with the 100 mg tab of the buPROPion that doctor had put you on. That's a, that's a newer one. When did you start taking that, that 100 mg buPROPion for like your mood or anxiety? Oh She uh it hasn't been that long ago. OK. OK. Because I was, which one do I have that? I, I uh I don't remember. Oh, is that that buPROPion? 100 mg? Uh probably right week ago, a week ago. OK. That you started on that because what my, the reason for me asking [PHI-Personal] is that this um buproprion that we're talking about that you started about a week ago that sometimes does have the tendency it, there, there's a known side effect with the buproprion for it to pota actually cause some dizziness um and also some shakiness. So what you have ex that you're experiencing, granted this is a little bit different of a situation cause you know, you said that the dizziness and lightheadedness isn't bad at all when you're sitting down. But it's more so when you're, when you're standing, you know, standing up now, a couple things with that, I do want to ask when you go to stand up or cha when you go from sitting to standing, do you tend to get up rather quickly when you're doing that? Well, I probably do gri uh suggested that she, uh, she said I could be getting up too quick. Yeah. And that's what I was wondering too. So, my suggestion is, you know, if you're drinking plenty of water throughout the day, then my next suggestion as far as when you're going to change positions, um, I would say, you know, when you're gonna go to get up off the chair, sit on the edge of the chair for a little while, Give it like, um, you know, 30 seconds to a minute, see how you feel. And then when you go to stand, you know, go to a standing position, stand up real slow and then stand there for probably a good 30 seconds to a minute before you, um, take any steps so that you're, you know, make sure that you feel like you have your feet on the ground and the room's not spinning and you don't feel, you know, super dizzy or super lightheaded, like you're going to pass out. Um, you know, when you have had these, um, dizziness or lightheadedness spells, have you, does it go away after a little bit or does it seem like it sticks around the whole time you're standing up? Uh, no, it, it will go away when I, when I stand up and, uh, like, uh, walk around it, it, it, uh, it changes, uh, it, uh, it gets a little bit better when I get up and start walking around and then it, uh, I have it a little bit but not much. Ok. Ok. But then when you're sitting down you don't notice it at all. You're completely, no dizziness, no lightheadedness. Nothing. When you're seated on, on a chair or on the couch, like, if you're just sitting down watching TV, you don't have any troubles with any lightheadedness or dizziness. [PHI-Personal]. Are you still there? Hello? You still there, [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. No, I'm there. Ok. All right. No problem. I, and sounded like we had maybe some phone trouble or something. Um, but when you're, when you're sitting down [PHI-Personal] and not, not, uh, moving, maybe just watching some TV. Do you have any of that lightheadedness or dizziness? No. No. Ok. So when you're sitting down you're, you're fine. It's just when you get up to go move around. Um, ok. So I, I do think that, you know, I definitely want to let doctor know that you are having these episodes, um, is, is what I'm gonna refer to them as, um, and see what he thinks just because, you know, you have just started within the last week, you know, started on that new buPROPion, 100 mg medication that he had, you know, had put you on, you just started that about a week ago. Not uncommon for people to experience some side effects. Now, I don't know if he will, you know, change the medication. Have you stop it? I'm not sure what his, his thoughts are gonna be, um, I [PHI-Personal] gonna let him know the things that, you know, that we have talked about today as far as what we've done. Um, you know, got you situated, I think for medication wise. So, you know what you're, um, what you're taking and how much and when, and I think we've got a pretty good schedule there. I think that sounds pretty, pretty appropriate. Um, now [PHI-Personal], I did wanna ask you too. I don't know what your thoughts are as far as, um, medication wise goes, you know, I know we put, um, we had the pharmacy put [PHI-Personal] Grace's medications into like a weekly bubble pack for her. So I, I don't know what your thoughts are just so that we're not having, you know, confusion with medications, you know, or using like, uh, one of those weekly pill boxes for you to, you know, to keep things straight as far as medication wise and when you need to take them. Yeah. What are, what are you thinking? Well, once I get now I, I know what I was, I just, uh, took the one in the morning and then, uh, I took, uh, well, I needed to it at, uh, noon and then at bedtime I take them and I have it, you know, like most of that I guess I wrote down here. Yeah. But now some of them are gonna change. I like to have one down for supper time. Or? Yeah. Yeah. And I think if you've gotten those all written down, you know, we've went through, um, what a good schedule would look like for those medications. And I think that will help too now that you've written those down, um, you know, as far as when to take, you know, what your schedule is gonna be. I think we should be, hopefully be ok as far as keeping, you know, keeping the medications the same and not taking too much of any of them. Um, you know, and, and I, um, the Famotidine with you when you were taking two or the Pepcid, when you were taking that twice a day, you know. Um, that just kind of makes me wonder, you know, if that was causing you to feel not so good as well, you know, sometimes that can very, very possible. Yeah. Yeah, when we've got changes as far as, you know, medication wise and, and there's always that possibility of, you know, taking too much or not taking enough, you know, so that, that happens and, and that's, you know, what I'm, what I'm here for to help, you know, help, get those, get the schedule straightened out. So we know what, what you're taking, what you're not taking and how things are, how things are going. Um, you know, I don't know. Do you have any questions for me, [PHI-Personal] so far? Yeah. Right here. I got, uh, for Zole 40 mg. I have two times. Yep. And you're gonna take one, the one dose at lunch time and then you're gonna take the other dose at, at supper time. Ok, I better get that change. Ok. Ok. Um, and then the, uh, the Pepcid or the famotidine, you're just gonna, the 40 mg of the Pepcid, you're just going to take that one time at lunch time. Oh, ok. Yeah. Just one a day. Yeah. The Pepcid is one a day. The only medication that you have that is twice a day, is that omeprazole that you would take at lunch time and do the other dose at supper time. Oh, ok. Yeah, I have that down at supper time here. Ok. Ok. Yep. And then, you know, um, I think we've got your medications straightened out as far as, you know, when to take them. Um, I think, you know, like I said, I think I'm gonna go ahead and, uh, let doctor know what you're, what you're experiencing. Um, as far as with that lightheadedness and dizziness and see what recommendations he has. Um, you know, and, and just so that, and then, you know, reminder for, for you just make sure that when you're gonna go from, you know, getting up off a chair or a couch that you, you move, you change positions slowly do it in increments, you know, give yourself some time, your body time to readjust to the new position or that you're changing positions and see if that does anything to help you. Ok. Um, I don't know if [PHI-Personal] Grace wants to talk to me before I, I, uh, let you go. I don't know if she wants. Ok, I'll go out and ask her. I got one more question. Uh, that's, uh, at Zole, I take it at supper time and when, when do I take the other one? So the, the other dose of the omeprazole you, you would take at lunch time. So you're going to get two doses of that omeprazole in, in a day? Oh, ok. Lunch time. Yeah, because I was taking that at night, uh, before I went to bed I took omeprazole and, uh, ok. Ok. Well, the, the Pepcid, if you know if, and [PHI-Personal], that's up to you. If you wanna do the second dose of the omeprazole at bedtime instead of supper time, that's fine if you want. And if you want to, you know, still take the Pepcid at bedtime, then you wouldn't take the Pepcid at lunch time, you would just take the Pepcid and the omeprazole. You could take the Pepcid at bedtime along with that second dose of omeprazole. Yeah. Be, if you wanna do it that way, if it works better for you to take it at bedtime, that's, that's fine. But just don't, you know, mark it off the list. If you're going to go back to bedtime for the Pepcid, mark it off your list. For the, the lunch time. So you're not taking a double dose of that Pepcid. Ok. Uh, I'm just taking it supper and, and bedtime. Which one? Yeah. For, yeah, the omeprazole. Yeah. Uh, lunch time and, uh, bedtime. Yes. Yep. Omeprazole is gonna be at lunch time and bedtime. Ok. Ok. I let me go out and, ah, see if has any other questions. Ok. I really appreciate what you're doing because I, I wasn't sure. I mean, I just go by what's on the bottle, take one a day and, you know. Yeah. No, absolutely. That's, that's what I'm here for, is to help, help you make sure that we're, we're doing the medications correctly. Yeah. Ok. He's very great. Ok.
Patient: Ok. How did you make out?
Nurse: Well, there's some, there was some confusion with medication wise. I think he said he was writing everything down. We went through a schedule and I think I have him on a, a good schedule for medication. Um, the only thing that I had found that was, I mean, it wasn't super alarming but it was something that, um, is it differentiated from what I had for, um, for his Pepcid, he was taking the Pepcid, he was doing that twice a day and I only have an order for once a day. So, and that's for his stomach. So, I mean, it could have potentially caused a little bit of an opposite effect and not cause the lightheadedness and dizziness but probably with like, his stomach, you might, he might have been taking too much of the famotidine. Um, and it might have had the opposite effect of what of what it should have as far as, you know, um, symptom wise, you know, that was only written for one time a day that Pepcid was. So we got, I think we got that squared away of how, how and when he's going to take it, we went through and did, um, what he's going to take in the morning right away in the morning. Then at lunch time he can take a majority of his other medications. And then at bedtime, if he wants to do the Pepcid and the omeprazole, that's fine. The omeprazole is the only medication that he has that's written for twice a day. Ok. Everything else is once a day. What
Patient: About, uh, [PHI-Personal]?
Nurse: The [PHI-Personal]? That's, um, once a day. He told me he was only taking one tab of the [PHI-Personal], the 40 mg of the [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Well, yesterday he told my son and I, he was taking two.
Nurse: I wonder if he was confused and meant the, the
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. Oh, I, I don't know.
Nurse: That's possible because the,
Patient: Were you confused when you taking the Pepcid and the [PHI-Personal]? No, I, well, you, you had down two Pe Pepcid and she had one down and that could have done. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. So, I think, I think we have that portion figured out as far as with the medications. Now, what I told [PHI-Personal] is that I [PHI-Personal] going to let doctor know about the fact that what he's been having go on with the dizziness and the lightheadedness I did reinforce with [PHI-Personal] too that, you know, kind of what you had told him to get up a little bit slower, you know, see if that helps anything. Um, but I [PHI-Personal], I [PHI-Personal] wondering too. He had started a week ago, he started on a uh buPROPion uh medication for anxiety or mood. That was something doctor had changed at his last appointment. And so with him changing and starting that, that medication, it's 100 mg capsule that he's taken once a day. Now that does have a side effect of dizziness and some shakiness.
Patient: Oh,
Nurse: Wow. So I'm wondering if that is what he's got going on. Um, but I want to run it by doctor to see what his thoughts are and what he wants to do to, you know, kind of take care of that. So [PHI-Personal] isn't so light headed and dizzy. Um, you know, that would be wonderful. Oh, yeah. Yep. That
Patient: He's gonna take me. I guess we have, I have to be today but I [PHI-Personal], I'm just, I, I just can't see him doing it any more. It just makes me a nervous wreck. I got up at three o'clock today this morning and I, I just couldn't sleep because I was wondering if he'd get up out of bed and fall or something. I, you know, I, I don't know, I'm really worried about it but my son was asking him a lot of questions too.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. Well, and, you know, I, uh, and I, I have no problems going through medication wise and getting, getting a schedule
Patient: And that's what he, that's exactly what he said to my son last night. And my son said, you have to get, so you have to get those bottles and write down what they say or you have to have somebody tell you your exact, uh, medicine that you're taking. So this is wonderful.
Nurse: Yeah. Yep. And I told, I told him, I said, you know, if you write the, we keep it, he wrote it all down and I, you know, we broke it down into different times of the day. So [PHI-Personal] lunch time bedtime. So that way we could put, and then I told him, I said, write down what meds you're taking right away in the morning and then write down what you're taking at lunch time and then write down what you're taking at bedtime and then stick to that schedule, you know, and, and use the, the pill bottles to, you know, to make sure you've got the correct pill and then, you know that way, then we've got you at least, you know, that you're taking the right amount of everything. Um, and that way you're not taking too much or taking too little or not, you know, or not taking this med at, at any, you know, forgetting a med or anything like that. Yeah, that's
Patient: A, so
Nurse: I think it's, and, and then once I hear back from doctor, I'll let you guys know too as to what, what he wants to do. Um, if we need to make any changes, if you know, if there's anything specific instructions that he wants wants done, um, then we can, we can go over those once I hear back from doctor.
Patient: Ok. Thank you so
Nurse: Much. No problem. Anytime [PHI-Personal] Grace. All
Patient: Right. Thank
Nurse: You. Yeah, we'll talk to you later. Bye bye bye bye.
