Nurse: Hey, [PHI-Personal]. Hey, how are you? I'm doing good. How are you? Fine. Is this a bad time to call you? Oh,
Patient: Yes. Let me just pull up your chart real quick. Give me one second.
Nurse: Ok. I
Patient: Was just thinking of you. I had your chart pulled up. I was like, I remember she said she was supposed to call me but I guess she got busy. So I was like, ok, I'll call her in a little.
Nurse: Oh, you know what it was? I waited, I waited all day long for that phone call and the, and the people never called me back. Oh, that's not fun. No, it's not. No, it's not. And then, you know, just, I, I was bumped out from basically being stuck at home. Mhm. And like my husband says, well, you had your cell phone, you could have gone somewhere. I said, yeah. But you don't wanna take a conversation, like, like that out in public. No,
Patient: You can't. Yeah, I understand certain things are ok when you're out in the public and then certain things you'd rather just talk about at home. So.
Nurse: Exactly. And I went, I went to social security yesterday. So I was in the office, I got, after an hour I got called back to talk to somebody about this issue I'm having with my son and, um, because I'm his pe and so they're still sending me all these letters and I got another one the day before that I owe $680. Well, [PHI-Personal] does, you know, I, I keep saying me because it's comes out of our savings account is and it's upsetting and I got there and the girl just looked at me and she says, oh, I don't know, you know how to begin to help you. So she disappears for a moment. She comes back. She says, I found somebody who can help you but they have to talk to you on the phone. I said, I'm sitting right here with you. I see the person is in the office. Why can't I talk to them? Yeah, because you can't. So I waited the whole day and that person never called me back. That's cool. So today's the new day. I, and I'm gonna start off pos in a positive way with talking with you first. Here we
Patient: Go. Everything so
Nurse: Far before before I even begin to reach out and try. Still try. I think I'm just gonna suck it up. Go to the bank, get a cashier's check and mail in the payment, get it all done. And then whenever he is sent back to [PHI-Geographic] and maybe come back home then we can, you know, revisit all the other issues that will come up. Yeah,
Patient: Just take it a day at a time. Um, with everything, it, it'll start to become overwhelming and stressful when you think of everything that has to get done and dealing with everything on, on top of, on top of that. So, and then on top of your own health and all of that. So just take it a day at a time. It'll, it'll slowly, you'll slowly get everything figured out and situated.
Nurse: It will, it will and you know what? And honestly, through all of this [PHI-Personal]. Mhm. Then I've gone to who with [PHI-Personal], I have the belief and the space that something good will come out of this and it's in God's hands. Yes, ma'am. And yesterday I just had that, you know, in my face. Reminder [PHI-Personal], let me take care of it. I know what I'm doing. So anyway, are you just, oh, great. So, I mean, all in all, all in, all with all the stress that I still do go through. It's not as stressful and, uh, and I know how to take each day as it comes. Take sometimes, you know, when [PHI-Personal] was still living with us, it was take each hour as it comes. Mm. Basically, you,
Patient: There's always gonna be a little bit of, of stress in everybody's life, whether that is positive stress or whether that's a negative stress, there's always gonna be some form of stress in your life. You know, it, it depends on just how you plan on handling it.
Nurse: Exactly. Exactly. Thank you for reminding me of that.
Patient: Not it. Thank
Nurse: You. I mean, because like you said, there is, there is positive stress and is negative stress
Patient: And then, you know, and that's the thing that a lot of people have to get reminded of. It's not everything when you think it, the thing about it for stress is whenever when anybody thinks of stress and even I do it sometimes as well. [PHI-Personal] is you always think of the negative um stress and you don't think about the positive stress, the positive stress. You know, like if you're getting married, if you're buying a house, if you're having
Nurse: A baby [PHI-Personal],
Patient: It's, it's because you're so it, but then it's also, it's positive. It's like, you know, I'm, I'm buying this house that this is gonna make me happy, but it's stressful for everything that I have to go ahead and do for it or I'm having a baby. I'm, I'm excited because I'm bringing this little life, life to the world. But I'm also stressed out because of everything that I have to get for the baby and everything that I'm going through the trimesters and all of that. So, oh yeah. OK. And then you have your negative stress it like how do I deal with? I just got told the new condition, how do I deal with that? Or, you know, I had a death in the family that's gonna be stressful, having to deal with that on top of the negative emotions with it. So, you know, you're always gonna have some form of stress in your life. It may be minimal, it may be, you know, big but it just depends on how you plan on dealing with that. That is gonna, you know, make, I, I don't wanna say but like make it or make or break you on everything.
Nurse: Ohh, I agree. So that, so that,
Patient: So that's the one thing that like even myself, I have to remind myself, is this a positive stress or is this a negative stress? Is this a positive stress? Look at the positive aspects of it, you know, it's still gonna stress you out but think of the positive aspects of it.
Nurse: Yep. So, yep, I agree.
Patient: No. And then, um, I saw you had an appointment with Doctor [PHI-Personal] on the ninth. Yes. How did that go?
Nurse: Oh, pretty much pretty much as it always goes. Um, I
Patient: Follow up
Nurse: So well, you know. Ok, again the, the good news was my A one C was down, all of my other tests and results were done. I had all good positive um results. Mhm. But, but my hemoglobin are very, very low. Mhm. So, you know, what do we do to treat it to raise it? Mhm. And she really didn't give me any, any true answers. Mhm. But, um, I just know too, eat more, um, iron. Mhm. If I remember correctly it's iron that I need to raise the hemoglobins. She's, she's, she's ordered a few, uh, x rays and tests, um, to see if we can see anything. Uh, and then she wants me to go see a, um, endocrinologist. I don't know if it's an endocrinologist. She wants me to see or gastro, but I know I have to do a colonoscopy and an endoscopy and, and, uh, so this, so today I thought, ok, I start off my morning on the right track and, um, then I'm gonna just sit down and make a couple of phone calls, you know, call Tower, set up the different tests that can be done. Um, call up. She's given me two different doctors I can reach out to and I, I think I've narrowed it down to one so I gotta call that person and a, do they still take new patients? B what can I do to get seen? And how long do I have to wait for that one? You know? You know, I don't know. I don't know what has happened to our medical field that now everything is, wait, you know, six months, six months. If you're lucky before you can get in or see anybody or, um, so many people are just doing televisits. Yeah. It's a, uh, it it's hard, it's hard for me to adjust to that new way of doing things. Mhm. But if it is what it is, I mean, it is what it is and I'll just have to adjust. That's a whole, nothing that's a whole, not instead of, uh, of stressors. I
Patient: Know it, it's definitely, you know, a, a high, it's with so much change, you know, it, with any industry, you know, and there's so much change that's going on in the world. Like it, it becomes overwhelming. So, so it, you just want to hold on to what, you know, and are comfortable with because sometimes it's, it's like, I don't know how to, how to handle it or it's, uh, the right word, it becomes where it's like, I don't know, kind of how, what to expect from it, you know, and you've gotten so you, and you get so used to where it's like I'm so used to doing it this way that when I get told, well, we're gonna be changing it up. It's like, hey, is this and how affect me? No, you're the, and for a lot of people it really depends on for them how, and, and each generation is different, you know. Oh, yeah.
Nurse: Oh, yeah.
Patient: You, you also have to look at how it affects each generation because this generation, you know, a lot more tech [PHI-Personal], you know, e even for me, I'm still learning a lot, a lot. Every day in terms of tech because I didn't grow up with a lot of tech in my life as well. So, yeah, I, I had to kind of get used to it. Um, as I went. So compared to somebody that's not you or anything is a lot better than doing a video phone call. So it's, it's one of those things that everybody is learning as we're kind of going through it. So be having to be one of those things like open minded about everything going on. And the health industry is one of those industries that, you know, you kind of expect it to, to change. And, and that was one of the things I had in for it is it is always changing. There's always something new that's coming out, there's something always new, technology wise, it's coming out and there's you're always learning and growing with it. So, but there's also downsides to everything. So it's understand it, it it kind of does get frustrating when you're having to wait so long um to see a specialist, you know, whether that's three months or four months um or even just a month, especially if it's something like for you that is, this is urgent for me and I really wanna see somebody. So having to think, ok, I have to wait two or three months to see them, then it becomes overwhelming. Mhm As what's gonna happen in 2 to 3 months, is it gonna get worse is something gonna change. You never know. So, and then it becomes overwhelming and then that's where you start getting stressed
Nurse: Out. So
Patient: It's one of those things that it is just like, you know what I tell patients is take it day by day, you know, and we, and one of the things that remind patients is like how it was before the pandemic, it was a little bit better, but there was also a lot of things that we still had to do regarding to it. So, you know, insurance plays a big role into it. What does insurance need before, for them to cover, especially for imaging wise. Do you need a prior authorization? So that takes some time to kind of go through that sometimes it's a lot quicker through prior authorization. Sometimes it takes some time if they need additional stuff. Um How busy are the offices? Um how kind of backed up are they, what are you looking staffing wise with them? Um and all of that? So there's just like so many um so many different things that you have to look at and it kind of just uh it becomes overwhelming sometimes. So.
Nurse: Mhm. Mhm. Yes, it does. So that that's so
Patient: It, it kind of, it, it start, it starts to get to you after a while. It's like, you know, even sometimes I become impatient with certain things. It's like, well, why can't we do it now? But then it's like I have to remember there's a lot of stuff that kind of has to go into. It depends on kind of what it is. Yep. So, I, it's one of those, it's one of those thing. It's a give and take sometimes with it. Um, so it, it does become frustrating. I completely understand Marco. Um, and, you know, everybody has the right to be frustrated and to show how they feel and, and everything. But all I say is take it a day at a time, there is only so much that you could stress and worry about it because you stressing and worrying about it, it's gonna affect you, it's gonna affect your body negatively where either your BP is gonna go up, your blood sugars are gonna go out of range for something that, you know, you're gonna see them, you're gonna get it done. That's not a problem, but there's no reason to stress yourself out and good overly stressed where your body starts to get uh impacted in a negative way, right? You know, so if it's an emergent where it like you really need to see them, then, you know, we go ahead and like we, we will get this figured out, but let's let's focus on what can we do at home for certain things until you do see that specialist? So what can we work on your diet? What can we do exercise wise? What can we do with water intake. What can we do some of the stuff at home to get you while we're waiting for you to get that imaging done or get to see that specialist and things like that? So, so
Nurse: You uh huh.
Patient: So it's it, I understand the frustration. [PHI-Personal] complete. Completely understand, but we'll definitely get this kind of situated. So what I would recommend for while you wait to see to get the gastroenterologist scheduled and do all the imaging cause that's needed. I know hemoglobin, it'll be those high iron types of food. So for example, eggs, you got your lean cuts of beef, your chicken and turkey breast, pumpkin seeds, peanuts, almonds, things like that. And what I can do [PHI-Personal] as well is I'll send out a letter to you for foods that are high protein, which will be like the high iron food as well. So you could have it at home. So you, so you'll be able to kind of reference it. So it's gonna have a couple of thing, a couple of things on there for like example like a meal plan sample on kind of what to look at and then some like foods and different categories of kind of what, what to look at as well. Ok,
Nurse: I appreciate
Patient: That. No, not a problem. So at least you have that for reference. So you know, ok, these are some of the things that I could look at for high, high. Um protein which will definitely increase that iron. Um And then once we see the, once we have, you see the gastroenterologist doing the endoscopy, doing the colonoscopy will also show us, OK. Is there something that's going on that's causing your low iron levels? And then kind of go from there? It's like, OK, we're working on diet it. How is that helping? Do you need to go on an iron supplement or do you need iron, things like that? But once we get this going, this will be our start and then seeing the gastroenterologist doing the imaging is that work in progress that we're doing? So we'll get this set.
Nurse: Ok. All right. I appreciate that. Not
Patient: A problem. [PHI-Personal]. So I will go ahead and get everything updated here. I will go ahead and mail out that letter to you. So you have, um, that reference for everything and then, um, October [PHI-Personal] will be our follow up calls and then I'll kind of go over and see how if, uh, when I talked to you in October, I'll see if you were able to get that appointment scheduled gastro or kind of when they're gonna be seeing you and then when it comes time to [PHI-Personal] because you're gonna be following up back with doctor and you're seeing your cardiologist. Correct.
Nurse: Right. Right. Give me,
Patient: So I will touch base with you for [PHI-Personal] and I'll remind you as we get closer a couple of days after the appointment with doctor [PHI-Personal] just to see how that appointment went and how your cardiologist appointment went as well. Ok.
Nurse: Ok, I appreciate that.
Patient: Ok, perfect [PHI-Personal] give me a call if you have any questions or concerns about anything and then we'll kind of go from there and then as we go through it, I'm gonna be touching base with you to see how everything's working on the diet. How if gastro and imaging and all of that. Ok,
Nurse: I appreciate it. Ok.
Patient: Ok, [PHI-Personal] I'll talk,
Nurse: Talk to you later,
Patient: Talk to you later. You have a wonderful day. I am.
Nurse: Bye bye bye
Patient: Bye.
