Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. I, I'm having trouble getting you. I don't know what's wrong. If,
Nurse: If I'm on the phone with the patient it'll go to my voice mail. So, just leave me a message and I'll give you a call back.
Patient: Well, uh, last night, some, my, my friend was here and she answered the phone and she said, uh, [PHI-Personal] don't work there no more. I think she does. So I just talked to her a couple of weeks ago. Oh, I
Nurse: Don't work at Doctor Singer's office. Oh, you don't? I do not. No, I work on behalf of their office but I don't work with, uh, in fact, I live in western PA, I don't even live in the same area as you.
Patient: Ohh. And I, I'm just getting used to it.
Nurse: Oh, no, I'll, I'll, you, I can still talk to you but I don't, I, I don't work in their office.
Patient: Well, who works in their office? That the, uh, she, uh, doctor, I was with doctor yesterday. Ok. And, uh, it was something about my, um, oh, what is it called? I take a half a pill in the morning and a half at night to curb my appetite and, you know, so my sugar don't go up high. Yeah. And ok,
Nurse: That way I can pull up that office note and we can see what's going on here.
Patient: Oh, so I, I shall, I still keep you on my, my phone list or what? Yeah,
Nurse: I'm the chronic care manager [PHI-Personal]. So I'm the [PHI-Personal] that, um, I, I do education with you and I can get a hold of the office through the computer. Um, so, yeah, that's fine. I just don't work directly in the office. I'm not one of the nurses in doctor Singer's office.
Patient: Ok. Ok. I'll call you. Oh, yeah. You, you,
Nurse: You can, yeah. So you were there on the [PHI-Personal] for your Medicare annual Wellness visit? Yes. So let me pull that visit up. Let's see. You check your blood sugar daily. It's been less than 100 no complaints overall. Let me get down to the bottom. Ok. So, um, ok, so you're not getting hypoglycemic. So we're keeping your medications and they're checking, they checked the hemoglobin A one c,
Patient: Um, what's that? I'm sorry? Oh, no, I was just,
Nurse: Mhm. It had something to do with what?
Patient: Mildred, it had something to do with. I take a half a sugar pill in the morning and a half of one at night instead of taking a whole one. But my, my friend answered the phone. I was outside and she didn't know what it was all about. So she tried to tell me, well, I didn't know what it was all about. I said call [PHI-Personal]. Well, [PHI-Personal] isn't there.
Nurse: You know what I'm reading? I'm in the chart right now and I'm reading this. Ok. So I'm gonna read you the whole message from that started from the beginning, I guess you had some labs done and the message said, let the patient know that her glucose level when we checked it was in the sixties and her A one C was 5.4 which is really, really good. Um For A one C they wanted to be, well, they want it to be below seven. Um and the A one C kind of measures, you know, over the past 2 to 3 months how your blood sugar has been running where your blood sugar will show you like the spikes and what it currently is. But the A one C gives you the bigger picture about how your blood sugars been running. Um And it says, um you like your sugars where they are, but I think she can be fine with less medication. I think she could take half a tablet a day and still be within goal. Her potassium was a little high if she eats more than two bananas a week, have her stop that otherwise we will recheck it at her next visit and then she was made aware. Um and, and then Ty called back and said the page that you did not want to decrease your pills because you did this before and then your sugars went up above 100. Um, so you had, she had asked if you could eat something with more sugar than getting rid of a whole pill. Um, and you were concerned you wanted to know if this was something that she could do. Um, and then they said I would rather not change anything other than eating more sugar. Just keep the meds the same. Spoke with [PHI-Personal] and she is aware and will inform patients so, do not make any changes to your medications. Um, you can go ahead and, uh, you know, just have a little bit more, um, you know, more fruit and things that have some sugar in it to keep
Patient: You. Can you tell me some foods that I could eat beside, I eat the bananas when I go to the store? I see. Well, they're green. Well, if I get [PHI-Personal] or five they're put your black until I get to the end of them. You know, so I eat when I get them, then I eat one, like, every day. I shouldn't buy so many.
Nurse: Yeah. Don't buy as many because she doesn't want you having more than two bananas a week,
Patient: A week. Well, what, what for fruit can I, I use instead of the bananas to put on my cereal? That's where I use them.
Nurse: Well, you can use berries, blueberries, raspberries, blackberries, even cutting up strawberries, berries are a good fruit to have when you're diabetic and it's good to go on cereal too.
Patient: Uh huh. Well, uh, I usually get, now I get strawberries. I like strawberries but, uh, when they have the, the, the food in the cans, very low sugar, it says. So I usually get a small can of food and one small can, I don't know how big, you know, you don't get many needles out of it. II, I, uh, get like peaches and I like mangoes. Uh, what else do I get? I don't like, uh, uh, grapefruit and I don't like pineapples in my cereal. Uh, I don't know. I
Nurse: Wouldn't either,
Patient: You know, and, and then they have like a fruit salad. Well, the, the, the fruit salad, I guess is ok when you make a fruit salad. But over the cereal, the, the pears and, and some of the other fruit is as hard as a rock. So I haven't been buying that, but I love mangoes. Yes. So mangoes
Nurse: Are ok too, especially since you're gonna, they, she said you can increase your sugar a little bit in your diet and you, she does want you to decrease your bananas to two a week. And that's because bananas are high in potassium and your potassium was a little elevated. So you can go ahead and have some mangoes, you know, in place of the bananas. That's, that is completely fine. Now, just watch for canned because even though you can increase your sugar, some, um, canned fruits, even the low sugar ones sometimes have a lot of added sugar. So, just be cautious
Patient: About, I, I, yeah, I usually read down through and, uh, a lot of them have no sugar added. So it's just what's in the can, you know, in the, the fruit. Ok. I know, uh, Walmart has the, the mangoes and it has on no sugar added.
Nurse: Well, then that would be good. Yes. If there is no sugar added then it would just be in the natural fruit juice. So that is completely fine. Yeah.
Patient: Ok. Well, II, I hate 10 n around with my pills because I don't lose a lot. But every time I go in I lose a pound or two or something like that and I weigh way over 200 lbs at one time. So, uh, now I'm down to 11 71.2. 0, wow. Whatever, whatever that 0.2 means, you know.
Nurse: Oh, good, good. You're doing something. Right. Huh.
Patient: Well, II, I had cancer and then, you know, the set back a lot and there was only certain things I could eat and, uh, it's, it's just, I just got on to cereal and fruit for the morning and I just think I have to have that.
Nurse: Ok, if it's working for you. So that's good.
Patient: And sometimes at night. I don't know what to eat. Then I'll get a bowl of cereal and put mangoes on or, um, I have some that have peaches in it but it's made by the, by, uh, Walmart and they don't, they're pretty tight with the sugar. I mean, some of them are, but, you know.
Nurse: Right. Yeah. And a good snack in the evening too when you're diabetic before bed. Um, like to have a piece of whole grain toast with some peanut butter on top. Um, you could even have some banana at that point. You know, just no more than two a week. A little bit of banana sliced on top of that because that'll give you a little bit of food to help sustain your blood sugar while you're sleeping.
Patient: Ok. Now, what, what about [PHI-Personal] Crackers? I, not the regular Ridge. It's like a, um, how would you say it? It's sort of like the, like brown bread. That's the,
Nurse: Like the whole grain or the multi grain. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah, I get that and I eat maybe [PHI-Personal] or five of them. And that doesn't, I mean, that, that makes me full and then I drink my tea. I have tea that, uh, see, I have a bottle here. It says 10 calories per bottle and the bottle is 18.5. So that, that,
Nurse: That should be good. How much sugar is in it? There's probably not added much sugar if there's only 10 calories in the whole bottle.
Patient: Ok. It says diet green tea with Gginsong and honey. And now on the back it says zero sugar included, uh, at, at sugar zero, uh, sodium 20. The sugars are that, it has no sugar in. It must be that, ah, honey. Ok, good.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, that should be, that should be fine. And you know, something else when you're eating those crackers, um, maybe have put a little spread a little bit of peanut butter on those or have a, just that cheese. Yeah, because that'll give you some protein too because you don't want, what you wanna prevent is the spikes in your blood sugar. So, going up and down, carbohydrates are very important to have as a diabetic. Um, but to have a pair, it with a little bit of protein so that it helps stabilize your blood sugar longer. It's a wonderful
Patient: Snack to have. I love, I love peanut butter and, uh, those mo grain crackers. That, that's, that I, that I keep for at night, you know, when I sit and watch television and I, I have, I think I have to have a little bit something before I take my, well, at 7 30 I take my night pills and I just have to have that little bit. That's like a treat.
Nurse: Yeah. No, then that's a very good snack to have before bed. Very good snacks. So, yes, continue doing that with those multi grain crackers. And a little bit of peanut butter. So that's good.
Patient: And, uh, I, I talked to on Monday and, uh, you know, when you go in you're nervous and it, you know, the whole nine yards. But she's very nice. And, uh, I said, uh, now, what is it, what was I gonna say? My brain goes dead every now and then. Ah, what? Mm. Ohh God. It just flew out of my head. 00,
Nurse: You said how you were nervous? And is it maybe because I see in the note, your BP was a little bit high. But you're only taking half the Bumex now.
Patient: Well, I ju, I, but that's been since I, well, I'm not supposed to mention my former doctor but, you know, he had put me on that. He said we, you know, uh, for the, the diet pills or whatever they're called.
Nurse: Yeah. So, yeah, and your acid reflux is good. She wants you to continue on the omeprazole. Uh, no changes with your urinary incontinence. You're taking the medication for your anxiety. Um, you've been on that for a long time. They want you to follow up. Well,
Patient: I take, I take a nerve pill too. Yes. Yeah, I take, now she said I can take 3 to 4 a day. Well, that, that'll put me in outer space. Everybody
Nurse: Can definitely tolerate their own amount.
Patient: I, uh, you know, I could take more, uh, up to 3 to 4 a day. But I take one in the morning and then I have a little, little glass with a lid on. I put one in there for at night and that's all I take. If, if I, if I need one during the day I go out and scream, I guess or something, you know, how is my feeling? What?
Nurse: Yeah. Any, uh, recently, have you had any feelings of being nervous or having issues with worrying or trouble relaxing or anything like that?
Patient: Well, I did, there was a flushing in my, in my family and I got that straightened out, I think, um, I, I don't know really how to say it but my, my son we adopted, he, he thinks he knows what, what I, he thinks he's a doctor, you know? And I said I'm going, what the doctor says, not what you say. And then he gets, sometimes I said that word, you know? And, uh, uh, and it don't take much for me to cry. Oh, because my mother's dead, everybody's dead except my, my Children and some of them live out of state. So, you know, it's sometimes it's hard to, to do what you're supposed to do and then he goes home and the next night he comes up, ok, mom, we have to put eye drops in, then everything's ok. You know? Well,
Nurse: Sometimes it's good just to step away.
Patient: Oh, so I, uh,
Nurse: So you had a few days maybe where you had some times when you were worrying and things like that. Um, well,
Patient: II, I, uh, excuse me, I, I don't want my, my cancer to come back. I had cancer. I bet 67 times already. And, uh, the minute I don't feel good. I feel so. Oh, don't tell me the cancer is coming back. Oh, and that's a worry. Me, I mean, I had it that I, well, I, I don't, I don't, they wanted to put a bag on me for my poop and it, it wouldn't stay on, it just pushed it away and down on the floor. We went, you know, but, uh, I have to wear pads all the time and I also have to wear pads to pee because the one kind of pee pills, it didn't before, but it does. Now, uh, I take a, a whole, and I told Missus, I take a whole pee pill. Well, this is every 15, 20 minutes. I had to go change pads.
Nurse: Yeah. The Bumex, you look like you're only just taking half now. Huh?
Patient: Well, I, I told her, I said I'm only taking half. I said those pads are in godly expensive for, you know, 15, 20 minutes. And, uh, she said that's ok. She said, uh, but you didn't stop them. I said, no, I ain't stop them. I take, uh, one in the morning and, uh, now if I go away, I don't take it until I come back because I don't, don't wanna go away with wet pants. Right.
Nurse: Right. Yeah, that makes sense. Good. Um, do you, Mildred? Have you had any feelings, like, something awful might happen, or do you find yourself being easily annoyed or irritated or restless? Anything like that in the past couple of weeks?
Patient: Oh, not re, well, I, I had this situation with my son. Yes. And a little bit
Nurse: Of worrying that you had. Yeah.
Patient: Uh huh. But if it wasn't for him, I have three other, uh, Children. He lives right aside of me. He, he comes up just about every night, puts drops in my, my eyes and stays up maybe a half an hour. Then he says mom, I gotta go home and get, get a shower and I have to go to work tomorrow morning. I mean, his, his wife committed suicide and that's only been since [PHI-Personal]. So he has the son and his daughter is a [PHI-Personal]. So, in [PHI-Geographic]. So, you know, he has troubles too. So he hangs on to me but sometimes just let me alone. That's how I feel, you know. Sometimes you just not
Nurse: See eye to eye. Huh?
Patient: Yeah. Well, he, he says things to me that, um, I don't think it's funny or you don't say something like that to your mother, you know? Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. But you seem like you guys always get it worked out and he, he sounds like it's wonderful. I'm sure you appreciate that company that he comes and says, hello, help you with your eye drops.
Patient: If, if he don't come up for one or two days, I call him just not the same house, but as side of each other and I said, what's wrong? Oh, mom, he said I had to work later and I had to work a few work, late work shift last night and I will tomorrow. So I probably won't be up until maybe two days later. He said, I'll send [PHI-Personal] up to put the eye drops in. That's his son. And uh and then, then he comes up, but when he goes away, uh nine times out of 10, not every time because he knows I eat early. But a lot of times he brings me a sandwich or something along home that just can't, he can't see him and his son. He's afraid I don't eat. Uh I know the other night [PHI-Personal] came up and he said, [PHI-Personal], could you eat a crab cake? I looked at him and he said, I know you like them. I said, yeah, I like them but I don't like, I don't want that bread. He said, we'll, we'll throw the bread out for the dogs or the cats or whatever s in the yard. You know, he said, can you, can you eat the, the crab cake? I said I can always eat crab cake. You know that that's so delicious actually. Yeah. And uh, now on Friday night he went to the auction, he brought me a, a fish sandwich, threw the bread away and, you know. Yeah,
Nurse: It's good to have that family and support nearby.
Patient: Well, it's, uh, I mean, when you, when you're [PHI-Personal] years old you, you take things the wrong way sometimes, you know, I, and that's what happens with me. I'm, I'm worked out during the day and I'm not just let me alone but then if they don't come up, it worries me. You just got like
Nurse: A happy medium, huh? Uh huh. I, yeah, because you're so used to
Patient: It. Yeah. Yeah, I would,
Nurse: I think it's, I think it's wonderful that you have a son that comes and checks on you every day and helps you with your drops and not everybody has that. So that's, that's really wonderful.
Patient: Mildred. Well, he said, he says to me which hurts me. He said, well, what's wrong with the other son? That's when he's getting sort of, I said I can't help it. That goes home with him. I said, just don't you get like, yeah, maybe he has a
Nurse: Bad day at work or something when he, you know, says stuff
Patient: Tired and, and, uh, he, uh, now my other son comes up on special occasions but he has two grandchildren and they go, they go, uh, they play basketball and I don't know what, all the kind of games, you know, the girls do and they go to every game and he works and she works. So, you know, I can over see it. But if I call and say [PHI-Personal], can you come up? There's something wrong. He's right up. Yeah. Right. Yeah. No, he's right here. But, uh,
Nurse: It sounds like you have good family support. So, that's wonderful. And it's ok if you have to cry every once in a while that lets out some steam.
Patient: Yes. Oh, well, I, I was doing the checkbook this morning and I, I, uh, I have to let off some steam there. Oh, I agree.
Nurse: I was doing mine yesterday.
Patient: Well, I, I have two checkbooks and I'm gonna ate them into one. I don't need to check books. I don't have that much money. That's pretty bad. Uh, I'm gonna have it all put into one. Well, I don't know if some of the checks didn't come up over. Uh, I think the 15th that would be tomorrow. I said today. Uh, is it today? Mhm. Ok. Well, the, the 15th they were gonna combine it. That's why my checkbook don't hold out because I looked this morning and they're probably not in yet. Right. You know. So, uh, I'll let it go for a day or two and then, oh, I have a, a younger woman that does my power of attorney thing and she'll come and check it out and she'll say grandma, you know what it holds up. You just don't look. Right. Oh, but, uh, I, I have good friends. I don't have many but I have good friends. Good. That's good. I just, so, so what did you tell me now? Instead of those pills? Uh, stop those, you didn't tell me to stop them? I'm supposed to do what?
Nurse: Just kind of increase your sugar a little bit.
Patient: Yeah.
Nurse: So we talked about adding a little, adding a little bit more fruit but not bananas. Remember they only want you to have two bananas a week.
Patient: Well, you know what? I really don't care for bananas but I, I see them over at Walmart and they're, they're so they're either green or they're overly ripe and I can't see something go to waste. So I'm just not gonna look and that's right. So, yeah. Well, so, well, I'm gonna have your, what is your last name? I guess it's a hard one,
Nurse: Uh yeah, we just [PHI-Personal]. We usually don't give out our last names. But yeah.
Patient: Well, [PHI-Personal], I have
Nurse: You. I'm your chronic care manager [PHI-Personal]. So, yeah, I'm not a [PHI-Personal] right at doctor Singer's office, but I have access to your charts and I can talk to Doctor Singer's office through the chart. So, Mildred, you can call me, that's fine. But I don't work at the office, but I don't want you to feel like you can't ever call me anytime you need something. If you have a question, like I was able to get into your chart and open up that triage message from doctor Singer and the staff and to de determine what they, you know, talk to [PHI-Personal] about. So, yes, that is completely fine. Well,
Patient: Uh she used to call me and I'm [PHI-Personal] years old and then said, why don't you just call me and then I'll go down and explain it to her. Yeah. Yeah, that's, that's fine too, you know, instead of having me all worked up and call her and then when I tell her I don't get it right, you know, and, and doctor said that's fine. Oh, yes.
Nurse: Whatever, whatever you find works for you is, is good to do that. Yes.
Patient: So and your number is [PHI-Account]. You got it. Ok.
Nurse: Alright, Mildred. Well, thank you for calling and I hope you have a wonderful day and stay cool because it's gonna be a hot one out
Patient: There. Oh, I can even have the weather on. I, I have a have the front door open a little bit and I, and I had the one wind in the kitchen open a little bit and if it gets too hot, my feet get propped up and my, my ceiling thing gets put on low because I can't, I can't stand an air conditioner. It just makes me nuts nuts here. Oh,
Nurse: All right. Well, you take care. Ok. It was wonderful talking to you today
Patient: And I and I can call you any time, right? Yeah if you have or do you have a special date?
Nurse: Well, it's I'm only here Monday through Friday
Patient: During the daylight hours. Yeah. Uh ok. All right until [PHI-Personal] I think you said. Yes. Yep. Ok. Alright, so alright your, well I'm so glad I could keep you. Oh my
Nurse: Goodness. Yes you know you are you're in that that's ok you're enrolled is inbound only so it means you only call us do you want me to change it where I give you a call every month just to check in on you.
Patient: Well if you would want to it it's uh uh either me or doctor [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Yeah I mean I can do that most of my patients I have I have like over 200 patients I talk to every month I I usually I usually call them once a month and check in on them so if you're ok with that I can uh you know change you to and I give you a call every month.
Patient: Ok what what time do you quit?
Nurse: Um a [PHI-Personal]
Patient: At for the uh well I
Nurse: Wanna keep it you call me it's up to you because you can call me when you need me that's fine.
Patient: Oh I'll call you when I need you but sometimes you could just talk you know that you know uh but I'm usually I'm usually home around [PHI-Personal], unless I have doctor's appointments, you know, I have, uh, what do you call it? My, I go to the toenail doctor. Yeah, the podiatrist, whatever. And yesterday, uh, uh, well, Friday, I went to the hearing aid doctor yesterday I had to go back again because my hearing aids weren't working. So now I'm dead. I bought a new set of Hearing Aids. Oh, God. Oh, gosh. Oh, so I, I, it was funny, I'll have to tell you this and I'll let you go. I'm sorry? Ok. I have a, the, an, an older television and, uh, I have a reclining chair. My son got me for Christmas about three years ago and I, I sleep on it sometimes. And so I don't need to walk so much in the house and, uh, I fall asleep. So, uh, I said there's something wrong with, I was gonna have to buy a new television and he said, why? He said I can hear it good. I said, well, I can barely hear it and I said it's up on 32 and 33. The number. Oh, well, he said, well, maybe there's something wrong. We, we have to look into it. You decide what you want. I went up to the hearing aid doctor and he said, you know, it's soon time for you to get your hearing aids. Oh, I said, why? He said, well, he said, uh, I got a, a set the the patient died and they couldn't find his hearing aids. And it's a good set. He only had them a couple of months. He said, and he was telling me how he could do this and stuff. You know, he said, here, take em along. He showed me how to put them in because they were given, I put them in, I came home, I turned on television and I went, oh, and, uh, my son looked at me and my grandson looked at me and he said, [PHI-Personal], what's wrong? I said, my God, I said, I have it on, on uh [PHI-Personal] like I always do. And I said, it's blowing my head off that you could
Nurse: Finally hear,
Patient: I could hear. I put it back on [PHI-Personal]. 0, I'm sure you, you know, for those, you know, my hearing was going bad, my batteries were dead. Well, I put new batteries in but the hearing aid, he's then I called him and he said, well, you know, you had your hearing aid a little over seven years. He said, he, that's why he called me in about these. He said, and, and he's, you know, he gave me a good deal and all that, but now I have to pay that. But, uh, then I went up yesterday for an adjustment or see if I needed anything. And he said, how is it going? And I, then I told him and he left, he said, I told my secretary she's gonna be back and she's gonna take them than, uh, hearing aids. I, I said, [PHI-Personal], I said, did you hear? Can you hear? He said, um, it wasn't the television, it was your hearing aid?
Nurse: Oh, my
Patient: Goodness. I mean, I, I can, I didn't think it, it would be that much of a difference. I heard differently. Say I had to get new hearing aids. Well, I felt ok, you go buy one and you stick it in your ears and that's it. But when it goes from [PHI-Personal] to 30 something, you know, or backwards, like I said, yeah. Right. So, maybe I'll save electricity this way. That's right. That's right. Yeah. But I, I couldn't believe it if somebody would have told me my hearing, but I, I have, the only time I don't wear them is to go to bed. I take them on and then I go to bed. But I thought the other day, gee, I can't hardly hear my, my alarm clock. I wonder if, if there's a wire coming lo or something? It wasn't, it was my hearing. Oh, my good. So, well, I'm glad you got that fixed, for sure. Yeah. Well, I told him and he, he laughed. He, so, and, and he's the kind of doctor you don't want to go, you know, he's, you know, it's one of them. But I think I like him. That's right. That's
Nurse: Right. He helped you to hear.
Patient: Yeah. So right now, ok.
Nurse: Do you want me to change? And I give you a call every month and see how that works out for you.
Patient: Well, all I can say is give me a call up front for, uh, because that's usually when I'm home I go, you know, go to the grocery store and stuff cause, uh, and then come home.
Nurse: So you prefer afternoon calls.
Patient: Would you want like
Nurse: First thing in the morning before you start your running?
Patient: Well, first thing in the morning I like well, on Monday. Well, it don't really matter. Ok, I guess it don't really matter because if it's nice, I go early in the morning to the grocery store, it's not so full. Right? And, uh,
Nurse: If you're, if you're at the store when I call you, I'll leave you a message and you can just give me a call back whenever you have a few minutes to talk. That's no problem. I'll, we'll do it that way. How about that?
Patient: That's fine. All right, re, well,
Nurse: Thank you for your time. You have a wonderful
Patient: Day. Ok. Oh, I will. All right. Take care. Yeah. Bye bye.
