Nurse: Hi. Hi. So
Patient: Sorry I missed
Nurse: You. No, no, that's ok. Ok. So, um, did doctor speak to you about something called Valproic Acid? Did she talk to you about that at the, at the visit or? No? She sent me a message and she said she wanted me to reach out to you. Um, she spoke to some of her colleagues who recommend trying something called Valproic acid, um, for some of the behavioral issues. Um, I guess that that's just something that they're seeing that they have, you know, a good result with. So she said, um, she wants you to continue the FLUoxetine 40. But if you feel agreeable to trying something, she's willing to send the medication.
Patient: Ok. Yeah. Yeah, I'm willing to try that cause. Yeah.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: This whole, this whole week, last night she wouldn't take her medicine. She's like, I already took them and I'm like, uh, no, you did not. Uh, obviously they're right there. She's like you're giving me too many medications. This is the second time you're overdosing me.
Nurse: Oh, no.
Patient: Oh, no, I don't know if it's because, you know, it's, this is the first week she's been upped on the, on the FLUoxetine because she hasn't been this bad before and then,
Nurse: Ok, you mean, like, with agitation?
Patient: Yeah, with agitation and defiance. Usually she's, like, stubborn about doing this stuff. But after you prod her for a couple of times she'll do it. But, um, but this time she was like, no, I already took it and I had to get my husband to intervene because she only listens to men. Really?
Nurse: Oh, really?
Patient: That's, yeah. Yeah. So, he, she said he already gave it to me and I'm like, my, I, I know he didn't because we're all here together and she was like, yes, he did. And so I had to tell him, you know, tell her that you didn't. Just so, yeah. And then, um, and then she's been scratching me. Not like, you know, a vicious scratch, but still, like she used to do when I was little.
Nurse: Oh, my gosh. Really? That's, yeah,
Patient: I was like, uh, I'm back to my traumatized childhood. So then she fell, she fell too, um, because she refuses to wear her glasses. I'm like, uh, you know, and so she fell, um,
Nurse: When did she fall after you saw Doctor [PHI-Personal]?
Patient: Yes.
Nurse: So, like, near the weekend.
Patient: Yeah, it was Saturday.
Nurse: Ok. And what, what do you think she was doing? So, she
Patient: Has a bad habit of, so she doesn't like to walk a lot. So she always tries to find ways to cut some stuff. So, instead of, you know, taking her, you know, her painting and going and putting it away and then coming back for the paint and for the water and all that stuff, she does it all at the same time. And so I'm thinking that maybe she tripped, um, on, you know, with the, she has an easel and she has to take the easel and the paint and then she doesn't, you know, I keep telling her to just do it one at a time.
Nurse: You didn't see her fall but you heard it.
Patient: Well, I didn't hear it. I just know that it was around the time that she usually comes in. So I went out to get her and then she said I just fell and I'm like, so her knee, she scraped her knee and she bumped her head pretty bad and she wouldn't let me look at it. But I could see that it was pretty, you know, it got pretty big, you know. And so she wouldn't let me take her to the doctor, of course. So I got her ice and that, that seemed to help and it's been fine. I haven't noticed any, you know, things that they said with the brain swelling, I suppose. But
Nurse: I don't think, yeah, she doesn't take any blood thinners.
Patient: No. So that's
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: Um, but I, I noticed, you know, because I had her, I had her walk so I could see what she's doing and she doesn't see, um, steps very well because she'll, you know, she'll see, like we have even the sidewalk where it's le, it's not level. So it's like a step and instead of clearing her whole foot over the step, she only makes it half wait on the seat. How,
Nurse: Like, because she's not wearing her glasses, she's not seeing the walkway clearly. Is that
Patient: Right? Right. That was that part. But even sometimes when she has the glasses, she doesn't step properly, you know, she'll do half of her foot on the step and half of it off and then her balance is completely off. And so she's like, trying to balance on that one half step, you know.
Nurse: Oh, that's scary. Yeah. And, and that's new. She didn't used to always do that.
Patient: The, the, what the,
Nurse: Like with her balance being off and stepping like that.
Patient: Well, she, well, she's fallen before and so before it was because she wouldn't wear her glasses or she didn't, you know, um, yeah, they only, they had only given her glasses for reading and then this last time when I took her, they said, um, it's been now, I guess two years they said she needs to wear them all the time because she refuses. Right.
Nurse: So it hasn't been. So she, right, she had a fall,
Patient: She needs glasses for reading, which is not true. She always needs glasses and that's why she fell.
Nurse: Yeah. Ok. So
Patient: So it's a constant battle for me to tell her to go get her glasses and put them on because she says she only needs them for reading, right? So
Nurse: How are you feeling about the FLUoxetine? Are you thinking to try to stay at this dose? Does she seem less sleepy?
Patient: She seems less sleepy?
Nurse: Ok. That's, I mean, that's good that she's less lethargic and sleepy. Um, but you're not sure if like, is it just a normal progression or is it the change that she's more agitated? So let's get that other medication in there. Um If we send it to your mail order, will you get it in a timely fashion or do you think we should send it to a local pharmacy?
Patient: Um for the first dose? I guess you could send it to the local pharmacy and then the rest for the nine, for 90 day script for the mail order.
Nurse: Ok. So where would you want it to the CV [PHI-Geographic] on?
Patient: Ok. Yeah. So, do you think so? So, so the FLUoxetine is mostly for the sleep then? Because she was sleeping like that before. Which was weird. I mean, she's been on it for a while, you know, we were
Nurse: Talking about it, like, could she have been sleeping because she was more depressed? Um, and you know, let's try it and see if it helps with some of the symptoms she was having right, like the lethargy and the sleeping and the O CD, I mean, it, it obviously helped with one of them.
Patient: Yes, it did help. Yeah. She's not as lethargic or sleepy as she was before, but it's only been a week. So, I don't know if it's gonna do something more.
Nurse: Oh, I don't know. I mean, um,
Patient: But I'll take it, I suppose at this point. Yeah.
Nurse: II, I mean, but, well, now
Patient: What is the other one supposed to do?
Nurse: It's called Valproic Acid. Um, Doctor with a V, yeah, that VA L pr O IC. So it's probably complete. My allergies are so bad today. I'm sorry. Um, it is probably completely off usage. Mhm. Um, it's usually used for like seizure or bipolar disorder. Um, it can be used for like migraines, it's used for lots of different, um, you know, neurological diseases. But, um, doctor is thinking it'll help like with that O CD, like that, that O CD and that repetitive behavior. She thinks it'll help with that for sure.
Patient: Mhm. So, it says that some of those effects are stomach issues, is that gonna be? And she already has problems with that.
Nurse: It shouldn't. I'll make sure I mention it to her. I'm gonna report all of this anyways just about what's happened since you saw her, um, in the fall and then I'll tell her that you're concerned about the stomach issues and if there's any concerns she'll let me know, um, you know what her advice is but I would definitely say, I mean, let's at least try it while she's here right before she leaves her. Yeah. I mean, because it would at least give it a couple weeks so that you can kind of gauge where she's at before she goes.
Patient: Right. Yeah.
Nurse: It, yeah, I mean, it's just hard because even at this point, you know, like, like you're talking two weeks to a month to see, like, the full effects of everything and then, like, she's gone. So it's very difficult to assess.
Patient: Right.
Nurse: Have you talked to him? And does he know, like the changes? Is he aware of them?
Patient: No, I haven't talked to him.
Nurse: Ok. You know, um, he might have to really keep an eye.
Patient: Well, I don't know. That's why, I don't know because I was talking to somebody the, uh, yesterday and they kept saying that, you know, the best thing that, you know, their cousin did because their mom was having the same problem and she got along as well as we do that, she put her in the nursing home near, near where we live and she says she loves it and then her mom was fighting her the whole time from the, you know, the beginning. But that now she actually likes it. And so she said that you should, I should talk to them about, you know, that they said that they start off with their, you know, taking whatever money they have their social security that they have and then when they run out of money then they try to get them, like, the Medicaid.
Nurse: Correct? Yeah.
Patient: So do they, so you, so you've heard of that too?
Nurse: Yeah, they do. Well, they have to, so what they ca call it in a sense is, you know, they can't qualify for Medicaid until, like, they don't have enough assets to pay for the care and then once those are used up, you can try to get the, you know, the Medicaid, um, like the coverage but, um,
Patient: That she's staying the
Nurse: Same part. It's just really, what was your question
Patient: That she would stay in the same place or because I hear nightmares of the Medicaid places that I know she would go.
Nurse: I don't, it's hard. That's a question for the [PHI-Personal]. Um, you know, that's what you'd have to do is try to me if you pick a [PHI-Personal], try to meet with them and find out like what the process is, they have social workers there that could assist you with those types of questions. I mean, here's like, uh, the thing is, is it's difficult to know how she really would respond because everyone is different. I feel that one of the things that's becoming harder and harder for her is the change in homes every three months. Um, and it's too hard to, yeah, I mean, it is, it's just hard because you need that little bit of rest but stay and she seems to like to go there because there's not much supervision. But I think that's becoming really difficult to her for her to transition. You know, she may not say that there's confusion there but you have to almost wonder if, you know it's, is it just, is it just becoming too confusing for her? Um
Patient: Yeah, because I feel like in the beginning she fights me, you know, tooth and nail and then after that, she's ready to go back. She's like, I don't wanna go back because I'm lonely over there, you know, but it's like as soon as she gets here, she's like, I hate it here because there's too many rules and regulations and, and I said, you know, I like, I like um uh what is the word? I can't even think of the words anymore. I'm beginning to wonder if I'm getting,
Nurse: I can tell you, I feel like structure and
Patient: Structure and consistency is what I like. So she's very,
Nurse: Very key though. So when you never
Patient: Liked it, she's never liked it. She's never like,
Nurse: But the thing is, is going in between the two homes there isn't really consistency and the more that like she will progress, the harder it will be for her to change that, you know, consistency is gonna wind up to be bad. So I, I mean, well, right. What do you do? You know? Yeah, I know because like [PHI-Personal] 7 without a break ever becomes very low
Patient: For you. Yeah. Yeah. And it's a combative.
Nurse: I, and
Patient: My husband says it like, when you le, when she leaves it takes me like a whole, like a whole week for you to get back to normal.
Nurse: I know. Well, I mean, didn't you at one point talk to a social worker? And she said that one of the reasons the difficulty was just that, um it was the financial, right? Wasn't it [PHI-Personal] that talked to you? Yeah. Yeah. So, because so she has, she wrote, she gets 900 a month in [PHI-Geographic] si and she has $12,000 in savings, which is $10,000 more than what would allow for long term Medicaid programs. Um You know, that's what she said at the time. Did you ever really look through the senior connections for any different programs?
Patient: So she got, we, so we were on the waiting list for the [PHI-Personal] thing and they kicked us off because yeah, she didn't have, she had too much money. Um, and then for the senior programs, I had a bit of a discussion with them because they said that if she goes to the senior program o over there in [PHI-Geographic], she will get kicked out of them when she comes here. And I'm like, but how would you know that she's here because she doesn't live with me. She's just here visiting is what we always say because, you know, she's not living with me. Um, and her, you know, her ID says that that's her address and they said, well, as soon as she leaves Ward, she gets kicked out of the program. So I didn't understand that.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, I'm not, I mean, so that's where you looked at like the adult daycare,
Patient: Right?
Nurse: You know, because like I said, she talked to you a little bit about like spend down and you know, the look back programs. Um
Patient: But
Nurse: You know, like, so you, so I'm not sure what she provided to you. I'm wondering if she sent you materials. I don't know. I mean this is almost a year ago. I think she's out on maternity leave, but there's probably someone covering. Do you want me to give you the phone number again if you wanna reach out just to touch base since it's and you're at a different place? Ok.
Patient: Um Forget everything. It's
Nurse: Ok. It's [PHI-Account] [PHI-Account] [PHI-Account]. So [PHI-Account] with Becca's Direct Line. Um I'm not sure if she's back or not. You know, here's the thing you hear stuff and the time goes so quickly I can't keep track. So I either I, yeah, so I either have to think that she's back or someone else is covering. So I either way I imagine if you left a message someone would get back to you, if no one ever gets back to you, let me know, but you could always just touch base and say, you know, like, oh, we worked together, you know, a year ago and, um, you know, they, and you're just right, you're trying to, you know, touch base again, like, think about placement or, you know, what you can, you know, what you, what you can, you, I, I mean, I, you know, it's ok to start considering placement if, if you need to.
Patient: Well, I'm just thinking about it for her because obviously like, you know, it, it, it's getting harder for her to just accept that, you know, changing and then I feel that it's probably super hard, you know, when, uh she's here with me [PHI-Personal] 7 and I am, no, I'm losing it and then she goes back to where there's nobody there and she has to be by herself, you know. And so I think that it's getting harder for her and then the adjustment of the two where, you know, if I feel like she's here and then I get to see her and she gets to come whenever, you know, that I'm at a better place. So I don't feel, you know, either one of us is chopped, you know, that it would be better for her.
Nurse: I do, I do think that some of the facilities are flexible and she could come like on weekends or for visits. There's times she could come with you. I, I do think that, um, I can't say, I mean, I don't know, I'm sure during COVID it was different. Like, you know, in the beginning everything was so crazy then. I don't know. I mean, how it is now, honestly, but I can't say that I think they would be opposed to that, you know, like coming to you for a visit. I don't know that she'd be going to [PHI-Personal] anymore. But it's definitely worth, I mean, here's the thing, at some point, things could progress to the point that this is now there's no other choice. So at least start to prepare at this point rather than you have to. How do you, you know,
Patient: And that's what they were telling me is like, if, if she, if she's still with it right now that it would be easier for her than to put her in when she's not all there. You know,
Nurse: It might be. I can agree with that a little bit. Yeah. Mhm. But, I mean, I keep on
Patient: Asking her and talking about it about it with her and stuff to try to make her a little bit more agreeable to it. But she keeps telling me if you send me there, I'm running away and then, I mean, you can
Nurse: Say that, but, you know, in the reality is if she's in a dementia unit, um, you know, those are the,
Patient: Says that she goes and then I'll die in, in, in two years, I'll die. I
Nurse: Mean, you know, we could all die in two years. I'm like, oh, I,
Patient: You know, I'm like, you know, so much. Why don't you just tell me the lottery numbers and we'll be good, you know? Yeah. I
Nurse: Mean, but, you know, she think that, and she could, she could be absolutely miserable. She could try to, you know, fight them every step of the way. There's no way for you to know and she could enjoy having the company of the others.
Patient: Mhm. You know, I'm, they do
Nurse: All kinds of activities all day long. I mean, most of, most of the time. Right. I mean, so she might actually really enjoy it. It's so hard to know. It is almost impossible to know. I mean, how to predict how she would respond. But the reality is that at some point, you know, even if she were to progress with, like you said, in her, in her, performing her ad hours as far as, like, eating bathing, I mean, um, you know, you know, it could just become to the point then where, like, physically even it becomes too much for you and then you don't have a choice. So, you know, maybe now it's, it's at least it's at least to plan and, like, research places and find out what you need to do. At least to try to, you know, consider what are the options? I mean, because the sad part is, I mean, it can just, you know, all of a sudden happen and, I mean, here's the thing, if she progresses to the point where she, you know, can't really feed herself, she needs a lot of assistance with eating or bathing or then she's not gonna be able to go in between your home and [PHI-Personal] lot. Yeah. Uh, you know, there's physical limitations when you're there by yourself with her. Right. So, I mean, and at least now that's true, she might actually really enjoy it. Oh, my goodness. I know. It's so tough. Really? Probably it's just a hard, hard decision.
Patient: Right. It is. It is. And it just makes me think about, you know, the future. Just terrible. Oh, I know.
Nurse: Like, I know it's, it's just hard and I can't, it's hard to know if the behaviors are
Patient: Coming from the increase of the medication. I mean, I
Nurse: Will definitely tell doctor, um, and see what she thinks. Oh, it's like this has been a hard, a hard month since she came
Patient: Back from me. Yes. I was like, I feel like it was like the beginning when I first started getting her. Like, I don't know.
Nurse: So she used to live with [PHI-Personal] full time.
Patient: Yeah. So he's always been, he always, uh, those two have always been together. Um, she's always to him for whatever, you know. So she would, you know, she would help raise you know, the kids. Um, and I don't even understand how the wife would agree to this but whatever. Um, but, yeah, so he, he, um, so she would be living with them and babysitting the kids and stuff, you know, while him and his wife would work. Um, ya, and then, you know, when he got divorced then she was still there and she was taking care of the kids and then it was just until he got this new girlfriend, um, and she was like, let's go on vacation and send her to, to your sister. And I'm like, um, I'll agree to it for two weeks and that was it because she didn't talk to me for, like, seven years. So I was fine. Oh,
Nurse: No. That's like, yeah. So you guys weren't really close and the girlfriend said, let's send her to your sister's, is he still with the girlfriend?
Patient: No. No. And that's the whole thing. I'm so upset about that. So, she was, I was supposed to get her only for 2.5 weeks and then COVID happened. So this is the [PHI-Personal] of COVID? Oh, my
Nurse: God. And that, and that was it. That's it. Yeah. And
Patient: Then he, and then he pulled that whole thing. Well, she can't come back here because of COVID and this is county and it's really bad and I still have to work and you don't want her to die. And I'm like, uh, and it was a year and a half. And so then, yeah, then we got, then I got stuck with, I'm not taking her for the whole time. I'm just help you out for the two. It was three months before, but then I couldn't do three months. So the end of three months it was over for me. And so said it has to be [PHI-Personal] months.
Nurse: So every check how you got into the, every two months rotation.
Patient: Yes. Yes. Because now of course the kids are, are, you know, the one is [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal] and the other one's [PHI-Personal]. And so he doesn't need help anymore. So, yeah,
Nurse: But his kids don't live with him full time. So when she's there, she's still there by herself a lot. Oh, yeah.
Patient: Yeah, because the, yeah, because um, yeah, because they go to school and the other one, well, the [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Geographic] is in, in college so she's at us. So she's not there at all and the [PHI-Personal] year old split home, you know. Yeah. And I'm sure he is completely agreeable
Nurse: To wanting her to go to a
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. Um, he's agreeable if I put her in there, he doesn't wanna take her because he doesn't want her. Like he said, he took her to the senior center and she cried and you told me why are you making me do that? And blah, blah. And he said he blamed me and I'm like, uh, the senior center was just for her to do stuff. So she doesn't get stuck at home doing nothing. Oh,
Nurse: My goodness.
Patient: But, yeah, so, now, because he has a dog that's really, really bad because, and I tell him I'm like, I don't understand why you make your life harder and then you add it to mind, but he got a big dog as a puppy. Well, yeah, his dog had puppies, which I told him, I don't even know why. But he kept one of the puppies and it's a horse and the horse is undisciplined and he ate her glasses and just all these things and then he says that she gives him food and I'm like, I know and the puppy is a puppy and he's gonna be begging and I'm sure he's gonna just steal it because he can reach the table. But, yeah, he's so much like my mother in so many ways.
Nurse: Mm. I mean, unless he wants to take her full time. But I can't imagine. I mean, I don't know. I feel so much like you are the primary caregiver. I
Patient: Just, yeah, I'm the only one that takes her to the doctor. I'm not only that, to fight with her to go to the dentist. I go to the doctor and then that's why she hates me because he doesn't make her do anything that he does. She doesn't wanna do.
Nurse: Oh, my goodness. Well, yeah.
Patient: Mhm. Yeah, because she hates all of that, although she really loves Doctor [PHI-Personal]. Just one that makes her laugh. But, but, um, otherwise it'd be really bad going there is not like doctors at all. Which is funny. Weren't you? One of them? Two? You were a nurse that was torturing us when we were little. So, I don't know why you?
Nurse: Interesting. Yeah, I don't know.
Patient: Oh, you know, he's like, why am I here? Why am I here? This
Nurse: Is so, yeah, that is just so crazy. I mean, well, I, I would say start start calling back up, see if you can connect with her. Um, she was gonna call you in about five months from that point and I'm not sure if she did and you guys just kept missing each other but see if you can try to work with them and look into some options. Um, so she would be
Patient: Able to help me with the options on looking and do what else you could do because I think that what I got with her was she just gave me, uh, like a thing like a place for mother. But, you know, she said it was a smaller version of it and then I didn't do much with that one because if there's no money, I don't know how that would work. But so that's why,
Nurse: So you have to ask her about, you know, what do they, what's considered for the spend down? And then you could research homes for a place for mom. Um, you know, just to see the ones that you're interested in. And then, like I said, they also have social workers on site and you could start to speak to them about the financial aspect of it. You know, I mean, and she at least start looking into some, I'm gonna tell how your week has been, you know, the fall and Zac and agitated and I'll ask her if she thinks medication will be ok with her stomach and, um, she'll send it to the pharmacy and then if whatever she tells me, you know, I'll follow up with you. Ok. Perfect. All
Patient: Right. Thank you so much. Hang in there for my therapy session. We,
Nurse: We'll talk soon. I, it is, it is such a tough situation. I mean, and that's where I'm saying, like, between the two homes at this point, it's very inconsistent. So you have to think like with, you know, the disease progression, I mean, there's, she's just, it's just, I think it's becoming too hard to lack that consistency. Um, I mean, it's like a toddler now, you know. Yeah, you have to be consistent every single day. So, I mean, I think, you know, and he obviously, I, I think here's the thing I have to say. I mean, this probably sounds horrible but even if you were agreeable to taking her full time, I mean, I don't know that that's in her best interest, you know.
Patient: No, no, it stresses her out and it stresses me out. Yeah.
Nurse: I, I mean, it just isn't so, you know, it's, you, or, or at some point, like I said, you know, you find a [PHI-Personal] that you think is adequate, you know, and she may, or may not adjust. It's hard to know. It's really tough. I mean, you ha, you have to still,
Patient: I just keep thinking that it shouldn't, she should be able to adjust since she went to boarding school.
Nurse: Yeah. I mean, but who knows what that would trigger? Right. You, you don't know. I mean, the thing is, is that I, I encourage you that even if she were to become placed in a [PHI-Personal] to still really be involved, um, and, you know, significantly and advocate for her, you know, visit, talk to the nurses, find out if they're changing her meds, you know, how is she at night? Um, you know, because, oh, yeah,
Patient: Definitely. I think it's so much easier that way because I try in the beginning to do that and then towards the time when she starts fighting me and she doesn't wanna do any of it that I'm like,
Nurse: Yeah. And it's hard to know, you know, because she might be very agitated and aggressive with them and she might, you know, and that's why I'm saying, like you won't know how the behaviors are or they don't always call, they might um, I mean, this is just, you know, it's tough like if it were my mom, that's how I would be. I'd wanna know because I think, well, what are they not telling me? You know, did they change her meds? Are they medicating her more because she's so [PHI-Personal], you know, ideally at the beginning you want her to try to adjust and ha, and, and, and the questions for the facilities are, you know, like, what do you do to work with them to help them adjust if they have behaviors? Because the first thing you don't want them to just automatically write, like, say, oh, we need to change her meds, right? So these, these are just things I would say, I, I, these are questions I would ask for the facilities, you know, when you meet with them because you, yeah, you know, I mean, that's what I would want. I would want to know. I would want, you know, let's at least give it some time before, you know, we just medicate her.
Patient: Mhm. Right.
Nurse: Right. Yeah, it's so tough. I'm sorry.
Patient: Thank you. But that's why I think that that's what's so great about doctor because I feel like she really, you know, before she said, I don't wanna say she's like she admits it, you know, she was like, I don't know what to do. So I'm gonna ask somebody that works with, with, you know, and I will find out what we need to do before, you know, she, you know, because I don't want to over medicate her. I'm like, well, that's great. That makes me feel more comfortable with whatever she says. I'm on board.
Nurse: Yeah. And that's why I'm saying. You know, so, really, like those are the, I mean, I can tell you just, even from working at the hospital, you know, in patient, um, I mean, changes, you know, whether a patient lives at home or even in a [PHI-Personal] and they might be absolutely fine there, you know? But the hospital, I mean, it's a scary place. It's, it's a scary place at night and all the sounds and all the noises and all the people coming in. I mean, think of how, like, do you know how, like it breaks your heart, you know, at night, like the dementia patients think about during COVID, you know, here we all are with all that shit all over us. I, I used to think my gosh, you know, they were probably like, where am I, uh, did I, am I like, abducted by aliens? I mean, it's just scary, you know, and then the
Patient: Hard, nobody could visit you too. Well. Right. And the hard faces it was
Nurse: Horrible and like, the hardest thing is, you know, the last thing is it's like, well, now they're really hard to redirect and you can't work with them and they won't take their meds and you can't do anything so then you know what, what's the answer? Then everybody says they, the doctor will, we medicate them, you know, and they, and you know, like that's the last thing families want, right? And you know, that's why sometimes they're just like, let's get them out, out of there because that's not always the answer. So, I mean, and so those are questions like just to guide, you know, that's why I'm saying like this, these are things like when you look for facilities and you, I mean, you have to think you're interviewing them too. Is this a place, you know, like, and a, and you ask them those questions, you know, like, what's your protocol? When do you medicate the patients? You know, like, what are the ways you try to redirect them before that's done, you know, because, I mean, if she gets there and she's really upset and she acts out that's the last thing you want them to do. Mhm. Right. I mean, truthfully she's gotta be given a chance to try to adjust, but consistency is definitely key. I mean, and I feel like the more and more, you know, like you go to, um, like back and forth, I feel like she gets worse each time now. Mhm. You know.
Patient: Right. Right. And I feel bad for her because, you know, it, it's like, like you said, a teenager where, you know, you've been allowed to roam free and do whatever and then all of a sudden you're get all your rights taken away. But it's like, yeah, you should, probably shouldn't be, you know, wearing your flip flops with your socks because that's how you fall. I know. But I wanna wear them. I'm like, ok, but you're gonna fall. I know.
Nurse: Plus her soul, she's so, you know, it's just hard and she, I mean, and she, you know, that truthfully, I mean, there's things she just doesn't know anymore. I mean, it's just unfamiliar and I, you know, I know we talked about that. She just may not even know how to tell you that, you know.
Patient: Right. Right. And then I have to also figure out too because it's like they keep doing that, you know, they feel like they don't have any, you know, as a, as your mother, she doesn't have any rights when you're telling her that she can't do all the things that she wants to do. And I'm like, I know I didn't think about it that way. Right. Yeah. For me it's just like, oh, it's obvious she shouldn't be wearing, she
Nurse: Doesn't, she doesn't know that, uh, you know,
Patient: For her it's just like I'm telling her what to do and I'm not her mother. Yeah.
Nurse: At least, but at least she knows that she is your mom, you know?
Patient: Oh, she reminds me of that all the time. My
Nurse: Goodness. That's too cute. Mhm. Well, reach out to let me know if you are unsuccessful with reaching somebody, you know, we'll talk, you let me know about that. Um Let me see what says everything will get that sent over to the pharmacy. You have to give it a chance. So yeah, and uh you know, try and work with it together. All right, hang in
Patient: There. Thank you. Thanks. So you're
Nurse: So welcome, talk soon. All right. Bye bye bye
Patient: Bye.
