Nurse: Care management. This is [PHI-Personal]. Can I help
Patient: You? Hi, [PHI-Personal]. It's. Hi [PHI-Personal]. How are you? Good. I think I'm not sure. Um, ok. I just called, uh, the neurologist because he had had an appointment today and I canceled it because I was not feeling well. I passed two days, been throwing up whatever. So I canceled the appointment today and you're not gonna believe this, right? The next appointment that I could get, which I did take, but is [PHI-Personal]? Mhm. Ok. Mhm. So, I didn't know what to do. No, the last two days. Oh, last three days. My blood pressure's been if anything. Hi. Mhm. I mean, over 1 [PHI-Account] 46. Over, what was it? Saturday was [PHI-Account] over [PHI-Personal] maybe, I think [PHI-Personal] or [PHI-Personal]. I'd have to look, do you have the numbers
Nurse: By any chance though? Anywhere, like from the last three
Patient: Days? Well, they're in my head. Ok. Um,
Nurse: Like I need the exact numbers if you're monitoring it.
Patient: I am to it. Um, it's on the, we got a, uh, BP cuff another one, but it's not a talking one. So, I have no, no idea. Uh, and my aide was going to write them, write them down. Uh, no, she doesn't come to get it until Thursday. So. Oh, and ok. Sunday. Yeah, Sunday. It was one, just a minute. [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal] over [PHI-Account]. Mhm. And yesterday was, again, it was a little higher. It was one, [PHI-Account]. Over [PHI-Account]. Mhm. And today it was back down again into the one forties. It was what? [PHI-Account] over just a minute. Um, over, yep, [PHI-Account]. I have to get, I have to think of the days of the numbers to get the, the lower number. Right. Ok. Um, so I'm not getting the lower BP. I didn't know whether to go back in, keep the appointment and go back in to see Doctor [PHI-Personal]. Um, I just didn't know,
Nurse: I mean, I, I wish I had an easy answer for you. So, yeah, I mean, the whole thing going on with you not feeling good was kind like we were waiting for this neurology appointment. Yep. So, um,
Patient: See I, yeah, with that. Yeah, I understand that. And um, the thing of it is is that, uh, I'm sorry, I'm having problems sticking the port. Um, I understand the, the importance of it. It's just that when I get up and start moving around I've get very wobbly and I, I'm afraid to go out because I'm going out alone. So I, I don't go out because I don't feel safe to go out. Is your aide,
Nurse: Like, able to go with you to
Patient: Appointments? No, that's the problem. I get, I get eight hours a week and she is, ah, I mean, she comes, she does grocery shopping for me. You know, she house cleans, things like that. So eight hours goes really fast. I've asked social services for more time. They tell me. Oh, no, no. You, uh, I, I've never had, even since, uh, the surgery, I never had more than eight hours a week. I mean, it was in the beginning after the surgery and after I came home after a month from the rehab center, no, eight hours a week, that's all they would give me, that social services would give me. And, uh, so I, because I've asked him, I've asked him over and over and over again. I said, you know, by the time she does washing and my groceries and like that v eight hours is gone and they're like, well, no, you can't have anywhere else.
Nurse: How is the nausea
Patient: Now? Uh, ok. My concern is, is that, um, I'm, I'm just drinking water. That's all I'm, I'm drinking is, is water. Oh, and so that's come back up twice. And so again this morning, uh, the levothyroxine. And, uh, so, yeah, um, Letrozole have to state down. Those are the two most important ones that I take. And then I take the, well, I take the letrozole and the, the, um, together and those have not stayed down. That was my, my next question was, you know, one time this happened and I called the pharmacy and he said, ok, don't worry about it for today. Just get back on your regular schedule tomorrow. Well, this is the second day.
Nurse: This is the second day that you vomited those meds.
Patient: Yep. Yep. And so then what
Nurse: Happens as the day goes on and the rest of the medications you have to take for the last two days.
Patient: Uh, I ended up, I was at, ok, yesterday was, oh, a very crazy day. Um, my sister came from three hours away. I found out she was on her way. Oh, yesterday, about 11 [PHI-Personal] she said we'll, we'll be there around [PHI-Account] 33 o'clock. Oh, ok. Fine. Um, I didn't take any more because I was afraid I was gonna throw up. Mhm. And so she came, she only came for two hours and that was a disaster. But that's ok. I've just been upset for the past two days. So I did take, you think that's causing
Nurse: The nausea? Like stress,
Patient: Anxiety? Uh, yes. Yes. Very much so. Oh, she, uh, with way back in the spring she was, you know, cutting up two or three times a week and, uh, to help me. Oh, and, uh, I do have a, an appointment with mental health tomorrow. Uh, they got me in because uh, and then I was up all day so I had about four hours of sleep and, like I say, that was it all at one time. But, ah, anyways, that's, that's where I'm at. Yeah, the, I need to talk to and then I've got an appointment with psychiatrist for the meds, uh, this Friday. Ok. And I could do both of those appointments by phone. So, uh, oh, ok. I, like I say, uh, I haven't tried putting any food down today. I, like I say, what time was your appointment supposed to be for today? [PHI-Account] [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Oh, ok. And you called them when
Patient: This morning? About quarter to 11, 11 o'clock somewhere there? Hm. Ok.
Nurse: I, I wish I had, um, you know, I wish I could fix it. I wish I could, you know, I don't have made you just, you know, and I know, I know you're nauseous. Uh, trust me, I get it and I know you, you know, of stuff going on. Yeah. Um, but I also know that, you know, a lot of it can be related to anxiety, could be related to mental health issues. It could be related to your BP. It could be related to 100 different things. Yeah. And there's only one way to fix it is to get to the appointments that doctor the point, you know. Yeah. Wants to send you to. Yeah. And if they can't see you till [PHI-Personal], I will certainly, honestly do believe that because that's how these specialists are right now. They are, especially in the [PHI-Geographic] area. They're so lamed. Um, so, I mean, I, I mean, the best I can do is just give the point an update, let her know what's happening. I would plan to keep that 11 14 appointment soon. Ok. Um, unless she says otherwise. Yeah. And most certainly bring a list of the blood pressures with you. Ok. Ok. Yep. Without a doubt. Yeah. Um, if you know, if this nausea does not improve, you're not able to eat, you're not able to drink, you know, you're going to have to go to the emergency room because, you know, being diabetic, that's obviously a big, no, no, that's not going to work for you. Right. So, um, do you have any idea what your blood sugar's running? You're not checking that? Right. I'm not checking that.
Patient: Yeah. And, but the other thing is, is that, uh, I am drinking the ensure [PHI-Personal]. I've had, I haven't had any today. I had one last night. So, but, uh, and my, uh, the breast surgeon told me to, to treat that. So. Mhm. Ok.
Nurse: Well, as long as you can, you can get a few of them into you within the day, you know, that that should be ok. Yeah. Um, as long as you're not continually continuing to throw up. Ok. Being nauseous is one thing and just sipping on something slowly. Throughout the course of the day. But if you're going to whatever you take you're going to throw up. You know, that's another story. Yeah. Ok. So, you know, um, I would, I would follow the advice of the pharmacist and I will, you know, if that to the point has anything different to add as far as the pills, go see the problem with, if you take pills and then, you know, [PHI-Personal], 20 minutes later you throw up. Yeah you don't know what you got as far as some of it starts to digest immediately and gets into your blood stream. Um you know, even if you cough up a whole pill still some of it can get into your bloodstream so sure you don't, you just don't know you don't know how much you got. Yep. So. Ok I'll give doctor an update and if she has anything new or different to add to the mix, I will most certainly let you know. Yeah, but like I said if you feel like you can't eat, you can't drink, you're continually you know, throwing up with no relief, you have to go to the er without a doubt because you'll end up you know. Yeah with uh very low blood sugar and that's not good. Yeah. Ok and not to mention dehydration.
Patient: Yep. Yes so. All right so alright
Nurse: You take care I hope you feel better. Ok. Ok take care. Bye bye.
