Nurse: Care Management. This is [PHI-Personal]. Can I help you?
Patient: Hi, good morning, [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal]. In, how you doing? Well, um, I'm, uh, I heard from Doctor, uh, [PHI-Personal] yesterday and he talked to me about, uh, the test and that, that, um, he understood that we needed to do some, another test to more definitive. He was sort of, uh, reaching for a heart cath versus the nuclear scan. Ok. So, um, so anyways, we talked about it and he said, um, I'm gonna talk with the local cardiology. Doctor ki something like that and, and then, um, before ordering it and, um, I told him I wasn't opposed to going to [PHI-Geographic]. And, um, he said, ok, he said, well, the, then let me get back to you and then I never did get a call back. So I'm assuming he couldn't get through to the cardiologist.
Nurse: Um, that's, that could be, um, I do know that he has a message to himself. So it's a reminder to himself to follow up with you. I, I mean, what time of day did you talk with him yesterday about?
Patient: Um, I think it was [PHI-Account].
Nurse: Oh, ok. Yeah. And I, and I, I honestly don't know if he even was able to contact anyone yesterday, but I do know that he has a message here, you know, because I had multiple messages to him and it says spoke with patient in detail, um discussed plan and then he sent it back to himself. So that's his, you know, that's his cue to, to follow up with you. So I, I honestly don't know, I don't know if what his, what he ended up doing.
Patient: Well, no, that's fine. I just wanted to give you an update on where
Nurse: It was at. Um
Patient: And um so, um you know, I'm just kinda what did he say
Nurse: About the test itself?
Patient: You know, he just didn't, he said, he said he just reassured me that the person that did the test is a very experienced technician. She's an in and I said, oh, I totally agree with you. I felt very comfortable with her and what she was saying to me, he didn't say he didn't want to venture what the issue is. Um He, so I, I wanna read the report but when I went on the, the website, I couldn't get into the portal. So I'm gonna call this morning and asked him, is there something changed with the portal so that I can get in, into the portal in,
Nurse: Into which portal to the portal?
Patient: So for just um my own personal portal so I can read the test,
Nurse: You know, I know. But for which practice the cardiology or [PHI-Geographic]
Patient: Internist? No. [PHI-Geographic] Internist.
Nurse: Oh, ok.
Patient: So, because I would like to read the report. Now, I haven't done that yet and then I want to know about, you know, I did ask him, do, are you, do you want me to see cardiologist? And he says, well, I wanna talk to a cardiologist before to just to share, share information and see if that's the best step forward. Way to go. Yeah. Yeah, because he didn't really seem to think that nuclear scan is kind of like if you do it and you see something then you have to go to the heart Cath. So he was sort of thinking the heart Cath might be a, um, the way to go. So I am kind of like,
Nurse: Yeah, I have to do both if you don't, if you don't have to. I mean, yeah.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. So, I, I do understand that and, um, he talked about, what am I doing for activity? And how was I feeling? And I said, well, yesterday was a good day for me today. I feel like, um, the air is a little heavy today. So I, I guess meaning, I think that means that I'm feeling a little bit of pressure in my chest today, you know, but I'm not doing anything and we talked about, you know, I tell you about our camp and I said, I, um, didn't go to camp last weekend because it's a little more remote. And he said, he thought that was a good idea. And he said, um, you know, I can walk but don't really try to walk fast, you know, just walk and I tend to kinda try to go at a clip and so I'll, I'll have the slow it down. So, but I haven't tried to walk today and I'm just kind of hanging out. So I think I'm just gonna hang out today. I don't know if that's good or bad. You know
Nurse: What I mean? I kind of feel like, you know, you don't wanna stay sedentary but, you know, if you have stuff to do, get up and do it and live your life, but I wouldn't go and exert myself on purpose. You know what I mean? Um, which, you know, which would make sense from what he said, you know, you can walk but don't walk really fast. Um, yeah. You know, I don't know if I would go out of my way to go for a walk. I'm just saying, I, I think I'd probably conserve my energy and, and focus on things that I would maybe have to do. Um, and, yeah, I'm, I'm
Patient: Sort of happy to be here, do laundry. There's different things and, you know, I can keep busy and put a lot of steps in, in my own house as we as all women. No.
Nurse: Absolutely. Absolutely. So, hm.
Patient: So, I'm hoping I hear soon that he, um, because he spoke in terms of within the next two weeks, that's what he was kind of talking
Nurse: About. Yeah. And even if he did talk with somebody, you know, they might have said, well, you know, maybe the doctor wasn't even in, who knows, but they might have said something like, you know. Oh, well, let me look at this because if, if they did wanna do a t they might have said, well, how fast can you get her in? Um, oh, well, I have to check on the, you know, with the scheduler, wait for her to come in and, and check that out and, you know how and like, nothing is direct and nothing is done quickly. Unfortunately. So, um, there's a lot of moving parts so I'm sure that he will follow up with. You just don't be alarmed if it's not today. Ok. Um, I hope it is. I hope it is, but don't be alarmed if it's not. Ok. And, um, I definitely, I have you here, I've been checking, you know, constantly to see if he was responding and I went in yesterday and he was in that message for a very long time. So, um, because I had sent him another message yesterday, I'm like, you know, could we, could we give her a call and then he was in the message? So, I knew he was taking care of it. I just didn't know exactly what he was doing. Ok.
Patient: Yeah. So, I think it was around 11 30 that he called me yesterday. 11. Maybe it was later. It might have been later. No, I think it was 11 30 beca or sh, because he said he would get back to me. And, um, so then, um, I know it was lunch hour and then I knew who, who knows if you could even connect with the parties. So I get that piece, but I'm, I'm hoping that today he'd at least call and let me know where it's at, you know, or have, have his nurse call me or, or does he ever, like, contact you and say, tell the patient this or he
Nurse: Via, via the, the computer? Mhm.
Patient: Ok. Ok. So if I hear anything, I'll let you know if I hear anything, probably you're gonna hear. But if you don't, I'll just, I'll just do that to keep you posted.
Nurse: Yeah, that sounds good because a lot of times he'll say like he did, you know, today, you know, spoke with patient in detail, but he doesn't write the detail out. So, um, you know, it's good to know.
Patient: So my daughter, my daughter said to me, mom, you need to see that report and you also not that she was doubting what he was wanting to do, but you need to kinda, is the cardiologist gonna see you before, you just show up for a heart cath.
Nurse: Right. Exactly.
Patient: Exactly. And, um, so I said, ok, I'll ask those questions. Yeah,
Nurse: Absolutely. And, you know, I hate to say this but if, if you know, you, you do want to talk to a cardiologist, you absolutely do. But in the same breath, if you want to get things done quickly, um, you know, with him talking behind the scenes to this, that whoever he's calling or doctors or whoever you may wanna, you know, do it however they recommend doing it because otherwise you may have to wait extra, extra long to get a consult with the cardiologist first and then schedule the test. You know, I'm not sure how they're gonna end up, you know, recommending you do it. But just keep that in the back of your mind because people are waiting months just to see a cardiologist right now.
Patient: I know I unders I do unders I do understand that and I do not um want to have this heart Cath done in [PHI-Geographic] New York. And I didn't tell him that, but I said I'm not opposed to going down to Saint [PHI-Geographic] and he hears me because he said he shared with me that he had had a heart cath a few years ago and he went, he went to Saint [PHI-Geographic] so he gets it and I, uh and I, and I didn't feel at the time the need to push for Saint [PHI-Geographic]. But if they come back and tell me they're gonna do it at [PHI-Geographic], I'm gonna say no thanks. So,
Nurse: Yeah, I, and you know, that's definitely, you know, you need to do what makes you feel the most comfortable without a doubt, without a doubt.
Patient: So, you know, um, and then I also entertain the idea of, do I go to the, er, here and, you know, like it's real tricky, I'm not gonna, you know, if I, uh, I have to go to the, er, here, if I get more symptoms. But if I, I did, could I still say I wanna go to Saint [PHI-Geographic] but then you don't wanna do it blind, you don't wanna do it blindly that I don't see anybody before they decide. Oh yeah, we're gonna do a heart cath on this person that we don't know anything about.
Nurse: Right. Right. No. And I don't think it would be that way. Um, but I'm gonna tell you and I know we've talked about this before. If you are getting worsen of your symptoms, please don't hesitate to go to the emergency room, whatever's closest. Ok. Because like I said, I mean, you, who's to say you're not driving somewhere and then you get stuck in traffic? Like what, what happens then? Or you, I mean, you can't, you can't account for all the delays that can be, you know, getting to Saint [PHI-Geographic] or wherever, wherever else you'd want to go. So, um, at least if you called 911, an ambulance would come, they'd have a defibrillator, they have the medications, you know, and sometimes they just say they can't do this at wherever we have to go somewhere else and they'll take you, you know, and you're, you're in good hands because they, they've got what they need on board, um, being in a, in a private vehicle and not, not knowing how any kind of delays that are happening or whatever. Um, there's nothing that anybody could do to help you in a, in a vehicle, unfortunately, on the road trying to get somewhere that's not too close. So, you know, because I've had another patient who, you know, her husband had some issues and she's like, I would just drive right to, you know, [PHI-Personal] and I was like, well, I know that's your choice
Patient: But yeah, it wouldn't
Nurse: Be me, would not be me because at least if you go to the, er, and they need to get you somewhere, you go in an ambulance, they've got everything they need. You know what I mean? Yeah, it's not ideal but it's definitely the safest thing to do without a doubt.
Patient: Yeah. And then, you know, I'm trying to balance, you know, what do I, um, yeah, even going to the local, er, do I do it? Um, do I drive to the, er, do I call 911? I'm not crazy. About calling 911 but if I'm not, but if I'm not feeling right. Um,
Nurse: Well, first of all, you shouldn't drive. That's first and foremost, if that's the case. So that's number one. And how far away are you from the, er,
Patient: Uh, probably nine miles to out of town?
Nurse: Yeah. Um, you know,
Patient: I, I think it would when you go out.
Nurse: That's definitely true. You definitely, I mean, you say, you say chest pain and they get you right in no matter what I mean, if I was out and about and not too far from the hospital. Yeah. Ok. Let's, let's get to the, er, if I was home and it was, you know, especially like off hours or your husband wasn't home or, you know, I think I would call 911 because like I said, they've got everything. Um, and then, you know, you do what if he, you know what you're on the way and you got a flat tire, what if you're on the way and you just don't know what can possibly delay you where an ambulance can put their sirens on and get you right there and take care of you in the process if need be. So, you know, I don't, I'm not sure how your 911 system is there. If it's, you know, if they're far, far away or
Patient: No, we live right in the village of [PHI-Geographic], so we have a very young crew but they're pretty responsive. So. Mhm. That, that piece is, yeah,
Nurse: Because, I mean, at that point they're popping you on a monitor. They probably doing an EKG, they've got a defibrillator, they've got medications. They probably have nitro, they probably have morphine if they need it. You know, they've, they've got stuff that they can be giving you, if need, be on the way there. Um. Mm. So, it just, you know, just something to think about.
Patient: It's uh yeah yeah so II I um I know you can't do anything but I just want to share with you so that we'll keep in touch.
Nurse: Absolutely. And I'm glad you did. That's good to know it's good to know and if I see anything come through from him, I definitely will call you.
Patient: Ok great. Alright. Ok take care so much. Ok you're welcome talk to you soon. You too. Bye bye bye.
