Nurse: Good morning in case management. This is
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. Hello, this is [PHI-Personal] calling for my husband [PHI-Personal]. Hey, how's it going? Oh, it's going, it's crazy. I'm beginning to think our social life is revolving around doctors. Uh huh. But anyway, um how was it? My husband had that CT scan with contrast. It's showing an enlarged heart, two lesions on the lung. One that probably needs to be biopsied. Ok. So [PHI-Personal] is setting us up with someone and we'll find out what's going on there when we see her on the [PHI-Personal]. Uh huh. But meanwhile my hubby needs a med refill. Ok. And his birth date is [PHI-Personal]. Ok. And it's fenofibrate, fenofibrate. Ok. And it goes to [PHI-Geographic] [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Uh OK. I'm trying to get his chart pulled up. Give me just one second. [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Sure enough.
Nurse: So tell me while this is loading up. Um you said setting you up with somebody, is it the cardiologist or who is she having you follow up with?
Patient: She is having a follow up with someone who is going to do this biopsy. Now, I she's also following, yeah, a follow up with a pulmonologist. Now, of course, my question is, does the pulmonologist do the biopsy? Considering it's a lung thing? But he does have, excuse me, I'm just messing around with his shoe here. He does have COPD, but he's had it forever and the pulmonologist that we had retired. So I don't know what she's looking at there. But, um, I will find out on the [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: So [PHI-Personal] is his pulmonologist appointment.
Patient: No, no, [PHI-Personal] is, is a right. You, we don't have anything from pulmonology yet. Although I'm supposed to be receiving phone calls. Got
Nurse: You. Ok. Let me get, get into his chart here. Did she mention who she's referring him to or just pulmonology in general? No,
Patient: No, she didn't. Uh, and I think she's going to a singer physician. Ok.
Nurse: Let's see if I can, what I can see.
Patient: Mm,
Nurse: Consult to pulmonology and it just says patient's choice. Oh, it does say singer provider. Ok. So, yeah, I guess singer will call you and they probably have, you know, plenty of providers to choose from. Not that you'll know how to choose one over the other, but they'll probably say I
Patient: May, you may be good. This, this. Yes. Ok. Um, my husband's niece is married to a guy singer physician at, at. Great. So I might send up a flare there to see if [PHI-Personal] has any recommendations. Oh, ok,
Nurse: Perfect. That's a great connection to have. So, Yeah, he may be able to point you in the right direction, right? Ok. Well, hopefully when they call, you'll be able to say, well, this is the guy we're interested in seeing and hopefully they can make that happen for him.
Patient: Well, thank you. That's a, that's good. And I'm so happy to have your input. Sure.
Nurse: Um, let's see. What else now remind me, [PHI-Personal]. Um, what was the precipitating factor? What was the reason to have this chest CT? Was it a regular routine screening or was there something going on?
Patient: Um, first there was a chest x-ray at s office and then, uh, a TB time test and then from the chest x-ray, she wanted ac A T scan with contrast. So that's kind of how it took place. Got you. But if I don't know if he was symptomatic, I'm sure he wasn't.
Nurse: Well, it looks like the indication that she put for the x-ray in the beginning when she ordered. That was, he's got a history of COPD. He's got a history of hypertension and diabetes and afib. Um, he was a prior smoker and was he having some shortness of breath or any swelling in his lower extremities?
Patient: Oh, gosh. Yeah. His, um, feet and legs swell. He's taking a diuretic. Um, it's still there. The swelling. Uh, the CT scan came back, the results, enlarged heart, um, and the two lesions in the lung. Now, yesterday he had an echocardiogram with the heart specialist.
Nurse: Ok. Now, who was that? That was my next question is, has he seen a cardiologist?
Patient: Yeah. Well, you, good luck with that. Um, Doctor [PHI-Personal] is the cardiologist. Ok. Getting an appointment with [PHI-Personal] is, is worse than becoming a millionaire in the lottery.
Nurse: I feel like we've had issues with him in the past. Have we not? Or maybe it was somebody else. I know
Patient: It was him. But, yeah, from what I found out was s scheduler got us in with his um nurse practitioner. Yes, I remember that the nurse. Ok, so now we saw the nurse practitioner who arranged for this echo. Ok. So now what we found out was that I think it was three or four cardiologists have left that practice.
Nurse: So,
Patient: You know, of course, our question is why, but we're not gonna get that answer. So consequently, um getting in with [PHI-Personal] is really interesting.
Nurse: Impossible. Ok.
Patient: Well, what they recommend it was we call in [PHI-Personal] because every appointment is taken until [PHI-Personal]. But that's what they told me in [PHI-Personal] I couldn't get through. So anyway, I'm not going to go through that again because it's just aggravating. Um Will we get an appointment in [PHI-Personal]? I don't know, but the good news is thank God for [PHI-Personal] and you guys. Yeah, I called after Ed's echocardiogram and I said, did they forward all the information or did you forward all the information from the CT scan over to the cardiologist and of course, the answer was yes, we did. So, I'm thinking when they get that information, plus the echo, maybe that'll send up a flag that he needs to see. [PHI-Personal]. Right. Who knows?
Nurse: Who knows? Oh, what a frustrating predicament.
Patient: Well, I would be more frustrated if he was having more problems than he had before. So, the swelling is still there in the legs. Um, the, now we know he has an enlarged heart, which is probably because he has an arrhythmia and, um, maybe they're just thinking, ok, this is an [PHI-Personal] year old's life, right? Uh, I'm not sure. But anyway, he's, he's fine. He's getting around, he's doing good. Uh, the only thing is he tires quickly and he has degenerative disc in his back. So his back is killing him. But outside of that, um, oh, it's good in our world. Ok. Well,
Nurse: Thank you for that update in a nutshell and for reminding me, um, so you'll see on the [PHI-Personal] we're waiting for a call from Pulmonary to get scheduled with them. And you've seen the nurse practitioner with [PHI-Personal], you're gonna try to get in to see [PHI-Personal] in [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Yes. Now, I only have one question. Does the pulmonologist do the, um, what am I looking for? The lung biopsy? The? Yeah,
Nurse: I believe so. I don't, I can't think of who else would do that. Um,
Patient: I couldn't either and I tried to Google it but, you know, it's coming up with all types of information, everything but what I wanna know. Yeah. So,
Nurse: Well, I think that in my experience, the options for biopsy of a lung nodule or lesion, um, is a couple of different things and I guess it will depend on where the, where, you know, the location of it where they're trying to get to, um, and probably the size as well, but they'll have to tell you, um, I've heard that they can do it through a bronchoscopy, you know, where they put the tube down their throat and they, you know, mild sedation or whatever. Um, or, yeah, or, um, they can go right through, you know, your, your flank, the side of your chest to get to the lung that way. Uh, my mom had that done. It's been, I don't know, 20 years ago, but I remember my mom having a lung biopsy done that way with the needle from the outside. So I guess they'll have to review the CT scan and let you know where it's at and what approach they're gonna have to use. But I can't imagine anybody else would do that other than a lung specialist.
Patient: That's what I told you. General
Nurse: Surgeon. And I don't know, it just seems like the lungs are a specialty and need to be done by a lung doctor.
Patient: Ok. And what was the other question? Ah, um, ok. I, uh, it's upper left lobe, but that's all we know. Ok. I will have it. There are two lesions there but the only one they're worried about and they're not worried about, but when biopsy is the upper left lobe, upper left.
Nurse: Ok. Um I would prepare for, um, I don't think they do that as an outpatient. Uh, if they, I don't think they do it as an outpatient, I think because there is a risk there of having the lung collapse after they're done with a biopsy. You know, they wanna make sure that that hole heals properly and the lung can inflate and the patient can breathe like they need to breathe without having any complications. So I would expect possibly an overnight stay, um, just to make sure that he does well.
Patient: Ok, I was thinking same day procedure
Nurse: And, you know, like I said, it's been a while since I've personally experienced that procedure. So they may have come a long way with technology and they may have things they can do now that I'm not aware of. So the, the pulmonologist will have to tell you, you know, how it's done these days.
Patient: Ok. Well, at least, um, I have a picture of or should I say the whole picture kind
Nurse: Of what to expect? Yeah.
Patient: Yeah, I switch over to me. Ok, we're having a good, we're having a good time here. Sure. I am. [PHI-Personal]. I got you. Ok. Now I suspect I have a lump on my left foot, the top of the foot. Ok.
Nurse: Now, the podiatrist last week it looks like.
Patient: Yes, [PHI-Personal]. Ok. And, ok, orthopedics. I am about to have. When is this tomorrow? Uh, an MRI done in that foot? He already did an x-ray. He wants to confirm what he's thinking, which is ganglion cyst.
Nurse: Oh, ok.
Patient: No, it, in fact it is that, um, since it's causing me grief I would say to him. Ok, go take it out. Uh huh. So I am gonna, well, I'm gonna ask him when I see him on the 11th. That's my next appointment. Um, how incapacitated does this make me be called? But, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I wanna do it and get it over with before we do all this stuff with it.
Nurse: Yeah, that's true. Um, well,
Patient: I'm just gonna go ahead and do it and if I need assistance, my daughter is 20 minutes away. So, there you go.
Nurse: Ok. Um, again, I don't have a ton of personal experience. My husband has a ganglion cyst on his wrist that we need to address that. He has not, but as far as having one on the foot, I believe they do like an aspiration where they, they go in with a needle and kinda drain it all out of there and once they get the fluid out of there, they can treat the area, um, with other kinds of injections to relieve pressure. Whether it's, you know, pain medication or steroids or whatever to reduce inflammation and pressure around it while it heals. Um, and what I would expect is probably several weeks of m maybe some swelling, some tenderness, uh, stiffness of the foot. That's what I would think. And I don't know, you know, are you gonna be able to put on a regular shoe and go about your business or are you really gonna be down? I don't know. That's a question that they would have to tell you.
Patient: Ok. Well, I will address that with Doctor [PHI-Personal]. And the thing is like, uh, if I'm not on it, I'm fine now, I'm putting shoes on and that, and thank God they're good shoes, the top of it, you know, is rubbing against the top of the shoes. So by the time we get our errands done and I come back, I'm icing it. Yeah, it's painful. Yeah. So, but anyway, that's ok, it doesn't keep me up at night and, uh, we'll just plow through all this. So, depending on who was calling me when to set up, what
Nurse: We'll stay with. Now, would you consider being that the foot is not terribly bothersome? Would you consider postponing that until stuff is, is done and behind you or you wanna do the foot as soon as you can? I
Patient: Don't know yet. Not sure. How about we, how about if we get all the information together? Yeah. And then decide and then we make a decision because right now I think it is the priority. Right. But I wanna be able to hop around. Right.
Nurse: Right. I hear what you're saying. Well, that sounds reasonable. I mean, you see [PHI-Personal] on the [PHI-Personal], she probably can shed some more light on the process of the pulmonary biopsy than, than what I can. And then you see your, uh podiatrist on the 11th. So that'll give you, you know, some, all the information in one close proximity you can decide at that point.
Patient: Right. And now does not know about, uh, the foot action. Oh, ok.
Nurse: You have to update our back as well.
Patient: Right. Right. We usually, we go together because one of us sits in on the others. Uh, you know, so what one doesn't get in information, the other one will
Nurse: Good filling all the gaps. That's wonderful.
Patient: Yeah. But thank God, I mean, when you leave that office you get a full print out and with there's no stone unturned. Good. Great. I mean, you know, you say that you're feeling this and all of a sudden, you know, she's looking into it, which is a good thing. Yeah, we love her to death.
Nurse: Well, I'm glad to hear that, you know, you feel comfortable and get all the answers that you need from her. That's important.
Patient: Well, that's usually what we do. We line up the answers and then, um, we look, we prioritize and we go from there. Great,
Nurse: Good. That sounds like a good plan to move forward with.
Patient: Ok. So now you have, thank God you've given me a lot of information you have edge refill. That's good. Now I need to go [PHI-Geographic] and get the rest of it in and we're good to go.
Nurse: Ok. Sounds good. [PHI-Personal]. Well, thank you for calling. We'll take care of the refill and if you think of any other burning questions, give us a call
Patient: Back. I appreciate your input so much. All right, no
Nurse: Problem. Take care. Have a nice afternoon. You too.
Patient: Bye. All right. Bye bye.
