Nurse: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Uh, [PHI-Personal]. My name is [PHI-Personal], uh, in [PHI-Geographic] here. And there was a call from family practice for either my wife or me. And, uh, I'm, I'm returning the call.
Nurse: Yes. Hi, Van. I think I was probably calling you because I know you like the morning calls and then your, your wife is usually at the gym. Yeah, until, until the afternoons I believe I was calling for you. Let me go ahead and get your chart pulled up. Um, I, I was really just calling to do, um, your monthly checking call. How have things been going? Everything is ok. Everything is ok. That, yeah. Yeah. And no news is good news. Right? Pardon? I said no news is good news, right? No. Ok. Um, so, so nothing new going on. No changes.
Patient: No, I'm supposed to see doctor. So, uh, next week I guess, well, he, he, uh, over at the [PHI-Geographic], uh, uh, uh, I have, uh, some blood concerns but that's, uh, ongoing. I get a blood test this Friday and, uh, I guess they send that to doctor
Nurse: Now when they do. So when, when you came in for your 2 16 annual, um, I know he said, you know, that, that, um, your blood count was stable then. So that was not that long ago. Um, what, what, what are your concerns? Now? Do you have like, any new symptoms or
Patient: Anything new that? No, no, he, uh, doctor [PHI-Personal]. Just, uh, I take [PHI-Personal], um, uh, I, I think it's for my red blood count. Uh, it, it, it increased, uh, over time, uh, two or three years ago and they've been watching it and, uh, uh, I'm going to see, uh, actually he's not the original doctor. All the doctors that I've been seeing in the last 3 to 3 to 4 years have retired and Doctor [PHI-Personal] is just recently become my doctor over there. And, uh, when I normally go in to see, uh, one of the doctors, uh, I have a blood test about a week before just they want to see if, if the red blood cell count, uh, is doing what it's supposed to do. I think it's both, uh, red blood hemoclit. Mhm. And, and I started taking [PHI-Personal] about, uh, a year. Oh, I, I don't know whether it was a year ago but I take two. Pardon?
Nurse: I was just looking at your oncology notes earlier. Was it [PHI-Personal]?
Patient: Yeah, I, I was, I saw him in [PHI-Personal]. Uh, now, wait a
Nurse: Minute. They, I think they discontinued your old medication and started. It
Patient: Was in the Yes, yes. III, I, uh, hydroxyurea was the one I previously took and he wanted to go to [PHI-Personal], which I did. And, uh, and I saw him in the fall, I guess I, uh, in the fall and now he wanted me to also come back and see him and see how things were going. Uh, I'm to see him on the [PHI-Personal], uh, yeah, the [PHI-Personal], I think. Oh, good.
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. Yeah, because I know you went the ninth and they said, you know, continue your meds, continue your Plavix follow up in six every six week. So that's,
Patient: I did, I mean, everything was ok. I mean, he didn't have any concerns.
Nurse: Yeah, I know. That's, that's what I saw. Everything looks stable, which is good. Um, yeah, when you had your annual, they said, um, you know, your, your, your aortic valve stenosis, you know, was, you know, you haven't your last time asma asymptomatic moderate. Um, yeah. And then I saw the, the Plavix is for your afib, it said, you know, in the la, in the last note that you hadn't had, um, any recurrence. Have you had any signs or symptoms in the last?
Patient: No, I haven't.
Nurse: No. What, what signs or symptoms do you get with it? Like, what do you feel whenever,
Patient: Whenever I, I don't, I haven't had any symptoms, you know, at this point. I mean, never
Nurse: Had a symptom
Patient: I, well, I, I don't know. I don't know. To say I have a symptom. I don't know.
Nurse: Oh, so, so just so you recognize, because I was curious just so you recognize, like, if it did come back, not that it will, um, you could have, like, palpitations or, like, fluttering in your chest. Yeah. I,
Patient: I have not had that,
Nurse: Yeah, rapid or irregular heartbeat, heartbeat.
Patient: Um, I have not
Nurse: Weakness or shortness of breath, feeling dizzy or lightheaded. Any of those things could kind of be a clue that you're having AFIB, but it feels different for different people. Um I just saw, you know, it said you hadn't had any. So I just thought, you know, no, let's make sure, you know, you're not having anything that could possibly
Patient: Be it. The Plavix, I think when doctor PAA, he took me off of uh baby Aspirin for one thing, blood thinner and, and then he went to this Plavix and I think this was a blood thinner. Um, supposedly and uh that's my understanding and the other one, he put me on was uh [PHI-Personal] which was uh uh [PHI-Personal] is uh [PHI-Personal] is
Nurse: Uh for um, your cholesterol.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. That's right. Cholesterol.
Nurse: Mhm. Um Yep. So that's good. And the, so the Plavix, it's interesting because it doesn't, it doesn't stop you from having AFIB. It doesn't like control the rate of your heart. Um, that one's a blood thinner. Um, And so, you know, when your heart flutters, it doesn't pump very effectively. And so when the blood stands still like that, it can cause like a blood clot. Um And so this way, you know, you, it's, it's, it doesn't dissolve a blood clot, but it helps to prevent it, um hopefully prevent it or help it dissolve over time, um like prevent it from growing. So, um that way, you know, you don't throw a clot and then have it get stuck in your lungs or your brain or anything like that. Um So, but you know, just any, any issues with that, any like bruising
Patient: Or anything. No, no, no, I haven't, I haven't had any of that
Nurse: Good. Yeah, that's, that's the most common side effect is just, you know, bruising. Um But that's good. Um So no bruising. Besides, do you need any medication refills while we're talking about your meds?
Patient: The only thing I told him was, uh and this was back when I fir first went to see him. Uh I said, uh back then I noticed my balance was, it wasn't dizziness, it was a balance. It's just like when you're, you know, getting up out of bed in the morning and you gotta slow down, you can't just rush out of here, you know, rush from your bed and I have to take my time and he said, and, and I, and I noticed that when I go around the corner like, um, uh, if I'm going through a doorway and I'm gonna turn to my left espe, especially turn, turn to, turning to my left. I, I might have a little balance but I just, I recognize that and I, I adjust for it, put it that
Nurse: Way. Yeah. No, if you're having balance issues, like when you're turning your head and especially, or changing the head position of your head, like, is it like vertigo?
Patient: No, no, no. It's just, it's, it's just, uh, uh, and I told that to, to the doctor again, I just said I, I'm aware of, of my balance a little bit and if generally I'm out, I go to the gym, I do some things at the gym and he has no problem with that. And, uh, uh, no, I don't get, I don't lift, lift 500 lb weights or anything like that, but it's just like working on the treadmill or, uh, you know, using the treadmill, maybe some sit ups and things like that.
Nurse: Yeah. No. And that's, that's good. You wanna try to get, you know, 30 minutes most days of the week of exercise and that's, that's good for your cholesterol. It's good for your cardiovascular health. Um, yeah. So that's, no, that's great. Keep, keep that up. Um, you know, it also helps you to keep from losing muscle mass. It's easier for us to lose muscle the older we all get.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: Um, you said 30 minutes most days of the week. Um and then I know we, we kind of talked about your balance. You said you don't need any medication refills. Um Do you have, you know, any questions or concerns? Is there anything that I can
Patient: Help you? No, not, not, no, not at this
Nurse: Point. Not at this point. Good. Um You know, if, if you do think of anything, you know, you have my number, you call me back, you can always reach out. Um, yeah. Oh, I meant to ask you when I sent you a while ago, um, there were some discount programs for medications. So, do you ever apply to any of them?
Patient: Well, I, I, uh, I, let's see, e express scripts and then, uh, I did [PHI-Personal], I get through Accredo and I did talk to somebody from Accredo. I said they had some, you know, that, that's kind of expensive, that medication. And I asked, is there any in insurance? You know, anything I get insurance through Aetna and, and, uh, some of the medication I, I take is very inexpensive but, uh, the ville is they give me three months supply and that's 100 and $20 every clip. And I did ask them about, uh, any insurance and I had a call back from somebody in Accredo or that's associated with Accredo and they said they did have a, they had a company and I haven't gotten any, uh, recently I, I think I go out to the end of April or in early May, uh, with what I presently have. So
Nurse: You didn't end up applying to any of like the, the programs, like the discount programs besides that then?
Patient: Yeah. Well, I did, uh, I did, uh, uh, apply, uh, I talked to, to somebody concerning those and, and did whatever they asked me, you know, some questions.
Nurse: So, so you're, but you don't know what, what the name of it was. It was just one of them. Ok. All right. I just wanted to see if any of them worked for you just out of curiosity because I know we talked about it before. Um Let me, let me know just how that goes because I'd like to hear, you know, which programs work for people and which you know, which are good for referring to other people too. Um So yeah, good. So thanks for letting me know, keep me updated on that one. Good. Any anything else that I can help with?
Patient: No, I think, I think that's it.
Nurse: All right. Well, in that case, I will give you a call next month and then I'll probably call your wife at some point in the afternoon.
Patient: Um So next week as well. Ok. All right. Thanks for calling. My pleasure. Nice to talk. Alrighty, bye bye
Nurse: Bye.
