Nurse: Hi, good afternoon. This is [PHI-Personal]. How may I help you?
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal]. I'm returning your call. I
Nurse: Was just checking back in something. Did you go to an appointment or something? I was just checking in to see how you, oh, Gastro, I've seen where you had a gastro appointment. I was just, or have you went yet or are they referring you to Gastro?
Patient: Well, that's a good question. Um, I was
Nurse: Trying to figure and a note yet if you had went, that's what I was calling about.
Patient: Ok. I am down in South [PHI-Geographic] with my daughter and I've been here for a bit. The family is quite concerned about my cognitive impairment. So, uh, there's putting the, my home on the market for sale but what I would like to do, we're coming up in about, oh, I think another week and, um, I'm gonna sit down with them and discuss how we're gonna move all this. I, I don't like the idea of just Uprooting and coming down here and not having anything already established. Mhm. Mhm. Or, or making any steps to move it along. Right. So, uh, it's kind
Nurse: Of, you're gonna be back to Pennsylvania or?
Patient: Well, this weekend we are going to my house and packing up all the belongings there. Ok.
Nurse: I mean, so I need to come in and talk to someone about making referrals in that to South [PHI-Geographic] then, or?
Patient: Yes, I think that's necessary.
Nurse: Right. And how long now to be in Pennsylvania?
Patient: Uh, I think only several days
Nurse: Will you still be in on Monday, I guess, is what I'm asking?
Patient: Oh, that, I'm not sure of, um, what I can do. [PHI-Personal]. I'm trying to think what is today today? Is,
Nurse: Is I had
Patient: To say, how about this? How about if, um, let me write this down or my, my memory has gotten progressively worse? Ok. So, uh, ok, I guess I'm just trying to
Nurse: See, um, right. We could do two things. I can check back in with you on Friday and see if you have a better idea. I could go ahead and put you in for a morning appointment on Monday the [PHI-Personal]. That would be your choice.
Patient: Uh, can I give you a call back tomorrow and talk about, talk with my daughter about that?
Nurse: And what's a good time for me? I'll give you a holler back tomorrow. [PHI-Personal] is the afternoon is better for you then. Yes,
Patient: Afternoon would be
Nurse: Better. Yeah, I'll make a note to give you a call back after lunch tomorrow. Say after 12 o'clock, you talk to your daughter and see what the time frame is. Um, so y'all won't be up until Saturday you're not thinking? Right. Right. Ok. Yeah, check with her and see if you would still be there. I just don't want these appointments to fill up right now. I have an eight with [PHI-Personal], I have an [PHI-Account] and [PHI-Account] 45 with doctor. So, you know, we could, I could go ahead and get you at least on the books and then if you can't make it, you could always cancel.
Patient: Ok,
Nurse: So check with your daughter and I'll give you a call back in the afternoon and see if you're still going to be there on Monday where you can come in and just talk with one or the other and say, you know, I'm planning to move. Um, I don't wanna be left with no one. These are the meds that I'm getting low on. Can we go ahead and fill these so that we don't get left behind and figure out if there's any recommendations or you know, if you probably what she's gonna ask you to do is since we don't know that area in South [PHI-Geographic] would be to have your daughter look around for some referrals and then let us know whom to send the paperwork to. So that way none of your records get left behind and when you start someplace new, they'll already know what has happened here at,
Patient: Yeah, I think the doctor that she's got in mind is a, a gentleman called doctor [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Ok. That awesome.
Nurse: Like I said, just trying to, to see, I didn't know if you went to G I or not, but I'm assuming not since you haven't been in the area. So, um, because it looks like the report was sent several times. So if, if you're in agreement with that, I'll give you a call back tomorrow afternoon. If I don't get you, I'll leave a voice mail is the [PHI-Account]. The best number or the [PHI-Account].
Patient: Oh, what did you
Nurse: Do that? I called on today. You got the message because you called me back. Is that your cell phone? Yes. Ok. That was the [PHI-Account] number then. So I'll call you back on that. But yeah, just to express your wishes to your daughter and see if we can get you in. Um, and then, you know, she can bring all the information of whom she wants to get your care transferred. We'll talk about any meds that need refilled and all of that. Is that in agreement with you, [PHI-Personal]?
Patient: Well, I think so. Um, I know that we are leaving here. Yeah, my memory is so bad. Um, and it's getting worse. That's what kind of frightens me and that's why they want me here with them. But, um, all
Nurse: Of that for your safety. But, you know, you might be looking too about a neurological referral, um, so that they could do a full, you know, brain work up dementia, you know, type things. Is there a physical reason? Is there some labs that might be off kilter? You know, there's so many things other than dementia or Alzheimer's, um, that could be some memory loss. So not trying to give you false hope, but not trying to scare you to death either. Ok. You know, um, is your thyroid looking right? I mean, there's just so many things. So I definitely think before you just chalk it up as, you know, I'm concerned about my memory, I would go through the motions to see if there's a physical reason causing it and then you can always revert back to. Yes, it could be a dementia or something. But I think you need to exhaust all efforts. Have your labs drawn, you know, MRI something along those lines just to make sure there's no physical reason for
Patient: It. All right. Um Today is [PHI-Personal]. Correct?
Nurse: Yes, today is [PHI-Personal]. I'll give you a call back tomorrow afternoon, which would be Thursday, the 30th. And you talk to your daughter just say, hey, the nurse case manager called me. Um, they do have some appointments available first thing Monday morning. Are we still going to be in, you know, the [PHI-Geographic] location area? Um I'd like to get in and, and then you bring all of your pill bottles of what you need refilled. And Doctor [PHI-Personal] information and then doctor can evaluate you down there. And again, you know, do any of the referrals to neurologic neuro neuro neurology, say that three times neurologist, neurology. And then, you know, but I do believe in doing a full work up. I have seen people that have low vitamins that um vitamin D is one of the biggest things that cause memory loss. Um If you don't have enough ID, I mean, it sounds something so simple but, you know, we're not getting out as much in the, in the wintertime, we're not getting our s our sunlight, you know, things like that. So I, I do believe in just exhausting all of those efforts. Doesn't mean I'm saying you shouldn't go live with your daughter by all means. I'm saying, let's just, you know, think outside of the box here, I was trying to look to see if you've had a vitamin D level here recently.
Patient: I don't think so.
Nurse: I see some cholesterol, a lot of cholesterol readings, your sodium, all that was good. Um Cholesterol is amazing. There shouldn't be any build up. Let's see. D is not something that, you know, they routinely check for. So that might be something to check ad level. Um Let's see, all of your lines came back negative in 2021. So, yeah, I do think a good panel of work up would be done. And I think it's ok to wait until you get to doctor by all means. But, you know, let's try to make this transition if South [PHI-Geographic] is where, where home is gonna be for you as, as easy for you as we can. So,
Patient: Yeah. Well, I, I do know that we are, um, leaving Friday, going up, packing up, whatever we're gonna bring down is whatever is necessary and then pro probably be back here by Sunday. That's the goal. But I think her having a chat with you, I mean, her getting the information first hand rather than me getting all mixed up because that's what usually happens. It, this is, this decline has really come quickly. I mean, it was slow at first, but now it's kind of frightening. So I'm not sure I'd rather have you talk directly to her.
Nurse: Absolutely. Absolutely.
Patient: And that way it'll get to her
Nurse: Straight. What, what time does she usually get home in the evening?
Patient: Not until about five
Nurse: Ish. Ok. Ok. Some days I'm still here. We close at 4 30. Does she go to work at, is she at work by eight in the mornings or usually she is, um, maybe she has a cell phone and I, you can get that number for me, um, that I could check with her maybe on her lunch break or something
Patient: Or she could call you. Yeah,
Nurse: She could call me if I don't answer, then it just means I'm on the other line and within 15, 20 minutes, I would give her a call back. So, yeah, check with her and see how she wants to proceed. [PHI-Personal] and I will give you a call back and we'll go from there, ok, tomorrow.
Patient: And so this is, this is the [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Account].
Nurse: Yes. Yes. I'll call you from that number tomorrow and you just talk to your daughter and ask her how she wants to handle the transition. I mean, we can make the referral without you coming in. You know, by all means we would just have to get you to sign a release of records for, but I need from your daughter whom she's wanting you to see there. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Sounds great. You can get
Nurse: That information and then we can get a records release out to you in the mail. I'll just need the updated address for down there and then you can fill that out, sign it and send it back. But if you want an appointment on Monday, we, we can get you worked in. So I'll talk to you tomorrow afternoon and then if your daughter wants me to call her or she wants to call me, then we can set up something for next week to talk. How's that? Ok. Ok. All right. Sounds great. I'll call you tomorrow afternoon, [PHI-Personal]. Thank you. You're welcome. Take care. Bye, bye, bye.
Patient: Have a good evening.
