Nurse: Hey, [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. Did you just leave me a message? I
Nurse: Did.
Patient: Mhm. I didn't answer
Nurse: It. Oh, ok. Yeah, that's all right. That's ok.
Patient: I was on the phone and I was trying to switch over. I want,
Nurse: Oh, gosh, I have that problem all the time. A lot of times, like I leave such long winded messages that they patients who call in, they can't, they call and leave a message and I gotta call them back
Patient: My phones. So, oh,
Nurse: You know what a lot of them is, one of them is. Oh, well, um, let me see here. So I did not get a message back from doctor yet. Um, regarding that, you know, post nasal drip and excessive mucus you have, but I just wanted to check on, you see how you're feeling if there is any, um, changes or anything, you know, any issues.
Patient: Not really just my weight gain again.
Nurse: Ok. Where are you at right now? 3 13. Ok. So you're still at 3 13? I mean, from two days ago that that's not a change. So that's a good thing. Right.
Patient: Yeah, I guess,
Nurse: Uh, uh, well, I know that I think, like, when we talked before and you gave me like a run through of your typical day, it wasn't too bad. But, you know, maybe, maybe salt plays a factor in, in fluid retention for you. So,
Patient: This morning, this morning I had no.
Nurse: Yeah. Do you put anything in the o oatmeal or do you just keep it plain?
Patient: I usually get the oatmeal that's fruit flavored.
Nurse: Oh, ok. Yeah, that, I mean, there's a lot of sodium usually in that one and then there's like all the artificial flavors. I'm telling you, I think you'd do really good if you had just an all natural diet where you ate mostly like fresh produce. The only thing that stinks is like, it, it does get expensive so it's hard to do it all the time, you know, especially if you're at like a, you budget a lot, you know, but there's, there's ways around it. I'm trying to think if there was like education that I would on diet diet diet diet.
Patient: I
Nurse: Et I thought I had information regarding, like, I was looking it up yesterday for me because I'm having problems with limiting our are, are trying to get a decent food budget in and one of the things I saw there was um cutting portions. So like I'm, I'm definitely um definitely a, a larger portion. G um where I'll eat something healthy, but like that packet of oatmeal does not cut it for me so I make my own oatmeal and that's cost effective. And then I put raisins in it to be sweeter. Um, trying to think. Oh, and those [PHI-Personal] too, I'll put that in there because that'll get me really full and I'll be able to, like, yeah, I won't eat as much. What's that?
Patient: What do you put in it? Oh,
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. You can get a bag of them from Walmart. Um, yeah. Yeah. When they, they're, they're seeds. So, like when you put them in water or, like, you know, if you put them in the oatmeal that has the moisture in it, um, they kind of like, expand a little bit. And so that way, you know, when you eat it, it's a lot of fiber. So you're, it really helps, like, not only make you feel full for longer but also helps with, like, digestion too,
Patient: Huh?
Nurse: Yeah. Um, what
Patient: Else we got? Yeah,
Nurse: I do. Um,
Patient: Oh, go ahead. No, go ahead. I'm sorry. Oh,
Nurse: No, that's ok. I was just gonna say I do, I make sure that I do like half of my plate of his veggies at dinner. Sometimes it's harder for me to do veggies in the afternoon. I don't know why, but it's just one of those things. Like, I'll chew on carrots and, you know, have celery with some peanut butter and stuff. But that's, oh, yogurt. I do yogurt too. That's another snack.
Patient: See that too. I like the Y,
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. It's probably more sugar in it. Especially the fruit on the bottom ones. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. I can't tell you when I switched over but I know that there was a switch it for me at one point. I think it was because, like, I saw a nutritionist and, and she had pointed out like, everything to me, they're saying, like, ok, well, instead of this do this, um, you know, put, oh, the nutrition shakes because I wasn't eating breakfast in the morning and I still don't, but she was telling me about that, like, do a nutritional shake. So that way, like, it makes you feel fuller longer. But I've done nutrition shakes and it make, just, makes me more hungry throughout the day. So I don't drink them anymore. Just stick to my
Patient: Oatmeal. Yeah, I just wanna be careful with the shakes because they're not supposed to be good for your kid. That I, that's
Nurse: The first time I heard that. Hold on. Let me look that up. You, you're probably right.
Patient: And all this running to the bathroom can't be too good for my kidney either.
Nurse: Uh, I mean, you're definitely making it. Um, how would I say it? Like, you're definitely encouraging to, um, your kidneys to work is basically it like the diuretics. They just kinda make sure that the, they just whip right through the kidneys, the fluid. Uh, there's different things you, there's different medications out there that are more, they're still water pills but they're more gentle on the kidneys like spironolactone. Aldactone. What else?
Patient: Let's see here.
Nurse: But they gave you the, the Lasix, right?
Patient: I don't even remember. Yeah. Yeah.
Nurse: Cyclobenzaprine. I don't think you're on one right now. Are you?
Patient: Ok. They come on I was taking them.
Nurse: Yeah, I'm looking for here. Alright. Let me go through them again. Yeah. Headache Xarelto, topical creams. Aine. Oh, there is a in the morning. Yeah, the the one you're on right now you still take it if, if you do your pills for the week. Betadine. Um and that's not as harsh on the kidneys, so that's always good.
Patient: Ok. Alright. Hm. Ah,
Nurse: All right. Ok. So anyway um keep taking the meds think about, you know, adding a lot more vegetables to your diet again, the salt, you know making sure that you're aware of, you know, the the hidden salts um that end up coming into play when you have um when you're eating a lot more processed things or things that have added um added ingredients and I like the fruit on the bottom. Um I'm you know, add um the the fruit with the oatmeal. It'll definitely I hate telling patients like just stop take like stop eating it that way. You start eating it a different way but sometimes it, it takes a while for your taste buds to kind of uh change over. But I was
Patient: Going in the [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Yeah. Yogurt. Yeah.
Patient: Or the light blueberry yogurt.
Nurse: Yeah, those are good.
Patient: I don't like the plain but I buy the lu.
Nurse: Yeah. Well, that's good. And do you do like more when you do your vegetables? Because you were telling me a vegetables? Do you do more like fresh or frozen ones? Instead of canned
Patient: Frozen? We never buy can.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. That's the way to be.
Patient: Well, neither Chuck or I like canned vegetables.
Nurse: Mhm.
Patient: Yeah. I yelled at my daughter because she did can corn. That's,
Nurse: It is not that great. Not that great. I can't do that. I don't know. Like I could see, you know, you put canned vegetables in a soup. Maybe I could see that. But like we even tell patients, like if you, especially like the patients I have with heart failure, most of them I tell them I'm like, listen, if you, you know, you budget the best way to, you know, survive is by, you know, getting the cheap canned foods go for it but rinse out as much as you can. So like put it in a strainer and put some, you know, some cold water on it to try and get that extra salt out. You won't get it all. But at least you wouldn't be getting the whole can of salt. That's like, I don't know, 600 mg of sodium.
Patient: So that's like the can um canned fruit. I don't buy that either.
Nurse: Mhm. Yeah, me neither.
Patient: Cause that, or syrup or? Mhm.
Nurse: It'll say like, oh, it's in the natural juices. But even like the natural juices, they're, I think they're added, it's not like, directly from the fruit. It's like a concentrate that gets put in there, you know.
Patient: Right. So I've been really trying to eat. Right. And. Mhm. Except for tonight I'm going to add my wing.
Nurse: Nice. You like the wings?
Patient: Yes, we get chicken wings every Wednesday.
Nurse: Oh, nice.
Patient: We go for dinner with my mom and my brother and my two of my cousins. Yeah. Nice. And my, and my granddaughters our waitress. Mhm. Oh, she likes it. She likes it because she get a $30 tip from our table. Oh,
Nurse: Nice.
Patient: She says grandma, I only have to work two days a week. Yeah, she goes, I can live off my tips.
Nurse: I mean, I definitely, that's why a lot of people are in, in waitressing, you know? You do get that.
Patient: Yeah. But she's not a very good waitress. Oh, she's very here, you know. Yeah, that, yeah. Yeah, she gets distracted easy. Yeah. But this is her first job as a waitress. So, uh, it's gonna help. She's gotta get used to it. Mhm. I told her she's got, pay more attention.
Nurse: Mm. Yep.
Patient: To our customers and forget about going, talking in the other room.
Nurse: Exactly. Exactly. Well, how she's, how old is she? Is this [PHI-Personal] or
Patient: No? She's [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. 0, ok. And she hasn't had, like a, uh, like a regular job before.
Patient: Yes. She, to believe it or not. This is the one that was in the nat National Guard. Mhm. She's still in that? Oh,
Nurse: Yeah. Ok. Yeah, I remember this one. Ok.
Patient: But she's, you know, so she did that and she worked, um, she had a couple other jobs. Mhm. But not very, you know. Yeah. Her father kinda sheltered her.
Nurse: Mm. I know. Like, a lot of people, a lot of people are doing that where their kids are
Patient: Just, he didn't want her to work because he was afraid to, I don't know, to lose her and, you know? Yeah, he, he still controls her.
Nurse: Yeah, that's how my, uh, one of my friends but, you know, it's her and her son, like, he's never had a job, um, you know, they always focus on. Oh, that's loud. Her ST, like his studies and she helped him, like, with everything in school because she's a very smart person. She's like this, um, supervisor at one of these major pharmaceutical companies. And so she never wanted him to work because she had to work three jobs to get where she's at. And now, like, it ended up backfiring a little bit because now he thinks having a job is too hard, you know.
Patient: So, yeah, it sucks.
Nurse: But, hey, each is on,
Patient: That's just like my niece, she has no social skills. Mhm. And she's [PHI-Account] also, but she's never had a job. She goes to school college. Her mother drives her to Buffalo to college and her mother will sit in the parking lot for her to take red and then wait for her to get done. Mm. And then drive her back or she'll take her there and either my mom would run to Buffalo to pick her up or my brother would go and pick her up. It's like this girl drives. Mhm. Have her drive herself?
Nurse: Right. Exactly.
Patient: I said, you know, she was living on campus and she didn't like it. So she wanted to come home. Yeah, because mommy and daddy did everything for you. Exactly.
Nurse: Right.
Patient: They still buy her clothes. They still, no.
Nurse: Oh, yeah. No, you gotta get that. Yeah. As soon
Patient: As my grandson graduated from high school, ok, you're on your own buddy. You buy your own clothes. I'm not buying any more clothes for you. I'm not buying, you know, and then when he got a job, ok, you pay me $[PHI-Personal] a week for room and board. You also have to buy your own junk food because I'm not buying that. Yeah. Your own clothes. I said I'm not doing that anymore. Mhm. Yeah. His father stopped paying child support, you know? But I look at his mother's child support the whole $[PHI-Personal] a month. Yeah. And I keep telling her, take me to court. Stop it. Yeah, I get it. I get it to where it builds up so much. Then I'll go cash it out and then I'll end her the money. Yeah, because it's not my money. Right. He doesn't live here anymore. Right. I told her, take me to court, drop it a lot of paperwork. You can fill it out just the same. Mhm. All right. Well, all
Nurse: Right. Well, I will let you know when doctor still gets back to me and um you know, keep on taking it easy and focusing on, you know, eating, eating more fresh and frozen fruits and vegetables and limiting your salt, right?
Patient: Yeah. Ok. Thank you. All right, you're welcome Brenda. Take care. You too. Mm bye bye.
