Nurse: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal] nurse care manager. How may I help you?
Patient: Hello, you may help me. Uh, yes, this is [PHI-Personal]. Oh, this is, um, well, not too well. I left a message, um, um, before I came because my sister has a, a surgery and went to, to comma has, uh, her heart stop and everything. So, in, in fact they, because she told her that she's doing better, uh, and she's doing better but she's not, her brain is not here. Oh, and I still, she still have problems or two more. Art is blockage in the heart to the heart, uh, on the leg. Um, I, in other words, so many issues on the, if, uh, you know, can move. I've been sitting here in the hospital and since has been, this is the most relaxing time that I have had since I came, you know, but I hope that you got the message, which I left her on the phone. Uh, what was your message? Let me see here. Um, I, I came the, um, I think it was in [PHI-Personal] of [PHI-Personal]. Mhm. That's when I left. So, probably, um, I, I called before that. No, but during that time, this is the first time that I called from here. I still don't know when I gonna be able to return because not until she's awake. Uh, you know, uh, uh, I'm the only one he has, uh, for home. Ok.
Nurse: Are you in [PHI-Geographic] or you somewhere else now?
Patient: No, in [PHI-Geographic] City?
Nurse: All right. And I, I do remember speaking with you before you left out. Um, hold on one second. Let me
Patient: Pull it up. I can't remember really. I
Nurse: Know, I know you were, you were kind of in a hurry to leave out to get to her. So I remember that.
Patient: Let's see here. Yeah, because somebody, uh, some, I don't know, some technical place called me left a message in reality to call them back because, uh, they were going to do a test. But, you know, I'm not gonna know when I'm going back. I don't know, uh, what is for or anything. But. Mhm.
Nurse: I can look it up and see for you. Ok. No worry. Yeah.
Patient: But I'm not gonna be back soon. So, whatever it is, that's right until I return and, and catch up with you. Right. Mhm.
Nurse: Ok. Let's see. Let me see
Patient: Here. Change.
Nurse: So you said that's the most rest that you've gotten? Just,
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. I'm not even at my mom's apartment. I been, since I left, I came to, uh, following day I came, I came Thursday Friday, uh, stay in the hospital and I've been here ever since I have to go twice and I may have to go one more time to get some of my medicine, um, to fill in because, uh, this is I, before I came, I prepare for a month in, in my, um, uh, pills, uh, back. Uh, but now, you know, I know that this is the last one. So I have to go home and find out if I'm missing any medication and I will try to get it here, you know, but if it's not, I will ask my son so he, he can send it to me.
Nurse: Ok, see, I don't see any um, messages for, let me see. I see something
Patient: To some technical. I know the teacher says that to call her back and uh somebody call her from the uh um the very end I don't want,
Nurse: Yeah, I see something was canceled here.
Patient: Uh Most of these, I don't know. Uh I know that I, I think I had another one by eight. whatever it was, I cancel it, but I don't, I don't, I cannot be slow because that one, I found the message uh in my phone. Uh I go two days that I was here. Was it need to be
Nurse: For a mammogram screening
Patient: Or something? I don't know, she didn't say she just said to call her back, but it could be because I believe that, uh, uh, I'm due right now. I think, you know, all those test, like bone den density, uh, mammogram, everything. Yeah, let's see.
Nurse: I believe that's what it, what they were saying.
Patient: Yeah, probably from, from the, uh, from, if it, if it was there it was from the, uh, the tower. Ok. The tower on the so on. Anemia. Yeah. Anemia. No, [PHI-Personal]. That's from
Nurse: That location off of Haa. Ok. Let me see these orders too. Yeah, that's what it looks like they were trying to contact you about. But,
Patient: Um,
Nurse: Just like you said, if you're not available to do those things, it's no problem to go ahead and get you rescheduled for a later day or to
Patient: Follow up later. Ok. Other than that,
Nurse: How, how is, how is everything else going with you? How are you feeling overall?
Patient: Oh, well, the same as you. Well, I mean, um, I move my sister so a couple of times in the day. So I have, you know, I, it seems like my strength in my body and, uh, it hurt when I move sometimes. Um, but nothing you, uh, it's always, I, I have the traMADol. So what I'm doing is instead of taking like two a day, I only take one at night to help my diarrhea pain, you know, along with the, so I know that those two together should help me with my body.
Nurse: Ok. So we just wanna make sure you don't, you know, don't overwork yourself always, you know, if you can do those things when you have someone else helping you, that would be great too. Ok.
Patient: Yeah. Unfortunately I tried that. There is not much, well, there is a help. They bring me food and I asked for some of my clothes so I can finally, uh, uh, they are, uh, uh, allow me to take a shower in the bathroom in the room because he's not using it anyway. Right. Right. Ok. Bye. It's like everything else like you have to get used to it little by little. You're one day at a time, right? Yes. Mhm. Mhm.
Nurse: Ok. So when did you get a break from the hospital? What is any other family member come out to relieve you or are you the only one that is there
Patient: With you? No, I'm, I'm here all the time because, uh, her grandchild will wait for her. Uh, two works. Uh, so she comes for, but for, you know, a, a short period of time, not overnight. Uh, my brother is taking care of my mother and that's the end of it.
Nurse: I see. What? So you all are kind of stretched out. I see what you say.
Patient: Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, I, I feeling more relaxed now, um, because I don't have to rush going home and, uh, because it's a good travel, it's about, it takes me about, about think, yeah, should be an hour. Uh, just to get the bus to get the train, to get out, to walk to the house. You know? So now I'm more relaxed because I can use the bathroom. Um, here, you know, I don't have to just go home. I was,
Nurse: So you were, when you first got there you were commuting back home and doing all that and then coming back to the hospital, I see what you're saying.
Patient: Yeah, doing that. So, I, last night it was so it was, they were like, waiting for somebody to stay here. So I will go and then, oh, I was so stressed out the first time I did that I went to get, you know, uh, uh, a shower, uh, some change of clothes and I took a shower, change your clothes and get ready to come back. And the very first time I didn't have a pass to go to the train or to the bus and it was later, I mean, it was, I have to stay over but I couldn't sleep. So next morning I got up, you know, three or five and get ready and came here and, uh, I think I went home like why they slaving because my brain needed a shower. Yeah, that
Nurse: Makes a big difference in how you feel. Right.
Patient: Mhm. Now he says going well, I anyway.
Nurse: Ok, good. Well, I'm glad that everything's going better for you in the schedule that you're having because that sounds like work having to catch a bus and go over here and all that. That sounds like a lot of work.
Patient: Um,
Nurse: How is, how are you with checking on your blood sugar and your BP since you're at the hospital?
Patient: No, uh, since I'm here I haven't checked anything. Uh, and you know that sometimes, uh, people that will do it for you, not everybody is the same. I have to be. In fact, one night I, I slept over the, uh, uh, sofa, you know, with no blanket, nothing because I brought a, a pillow from home. But, you know, they were not there for me. They, there for the patient and, uh, I asked but never got it. So I slept like that and the following day I try, you know, I started it early, ask for one so I can, you know, be more comfortable. Yeah.
Nurse: It seems like they would be more accommodating for that situation. I just hope and pray that the right people come by you and your sister to give you guys what you need. I really
Patient: Do. Yeah. Uh, um, uh, some of the closest friends has been here. Uh, they call me my mother most the one and the job, uh, they call me, they asked me, what did you need? What would you like to have? You know, and they come over and bring it to me. Mhm. That's
Nurse: Good. Well, and, and that's what, that's what I'm getting at. I know you're taking care of making sure that your sister's good, but we have to make sure that you stay good so you can take care of her too. So, don't forget, you know, those checks and everything whenever you. Yeah,
Patient: I got my, I already got my medication just next to me. And, ok, and, uh, um, II, I gonna say that even in the middle of the whole thing, I having to stop taking it, you know. And
Nurse: Uh are you, are you eating? OK. Are you staying hydrate because it's different, it's different when you're somewhere else opposed to when you're just at home. So my concern is like you, you're eating, you're eating and drinking and everything throughout the day too like you would.
Patient: Yeah. In fact, what I doing mostly eat oranges, you know, I asked him bring me orange juice and uh I have some bread and stuff here that I will. Well, it's not like I'm doing it. Remember I cannot eat that much because I cannot chew everything I get has to be. So I go and get my done, you know, and, and that will be after this is over because everything in life has an ending, you know. So I hope that that this one is uh she can go home or, or, or a rehab place taking care of. But now she could, once she could at least talk, even though her brain recuperation, they say that it's not gonna be uh they don't know how it's gonna be, that they don't expect us to be 100%. Ok. Mhm.
Nurse: Ok. And you're, you're right. So it's just, you know, you have to just see, see what's going to happen but while you're waiting, we just want to make sure just like I said, sometimes, you know, with, with uh blood sugar uh that can if you're stressed out or you have emotional or physical strain with, you know, the work and everything that you're doing that can cause your blood sugar to go up too. So we just wanna make sure do you have time to like uh step away or take, take a breather for yourself? Do they have like a chapel in the hospital,
Patient: Do you know? But uh uh uh a photo of the ba from uh um this is of the uh so I have that here. The group I, I have the group that I can always um pray with them really good, good. And besides, you know, that I was reading uh doing something. Yeah. And I have my, some of my book and if it's not, I'm trying to go to Google and see, well, for instance, uh 9 90 before I went and check out what the uh right or the ideal uh of what the b uh uh uh number. And I check on that in the Google and I, and I print it and I made an email and send it to my cousins uh and her son, etcetera. So they could compare on the photo of the monitor. So they could see, compare to the information that I gather where she's at in terms of uh my heart beat and the respiratory rate. I know the oxygen is fine. I didn't check on that. Uh and the BP drops and go back to over 100 you know, but right now, according to the monitor it's 93 40/46. So it's not, it's not that good. But it said they keep saying that the, uh, machine is not getting the right, uh, a signal, something like that. Mhm. He has a feeding tube, uh, they have been reducing some of the medication. I know she has to keep the, uh, because of the circulation and he's taking a medication to help with the, uh, the heart, uh, to pump, uh, another one if I remember correctly, uh, they suspect that she may have a, uh, a little infection. Well, but at least now it's only [PHI-Personal], I mean, [PHI-Personal] of the, uh, the, uh, the tube, you know, before it was like, I think I count at one time. No, they were changes. Yeah, I may graduate now in the medical school and I mean, every time I see something I go and check out myself. Mm.
Nurse: That's good. That's good. And it's good that she, she has you there to you know, have some eyes on what's going on around her too, so I'm sure she's thankful for that for you. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Yes. All right. Well, uh, I see you. I see you when I see you now, I'm not even no. Ok. Ok. I hope I see you soon.
Nurse: Ok. All right. You take care you too. You know what? You're doing a great job. You really are.
Patient: Oh, thank you very much. God will. God will keep, uh, uh, the [PHI-Personal] to give me that strength, right? Yeah, to do so. Yes,
Nurse: Yes, he will. All right. Well, you take care and, uh, don't forget to take care of yourself when you're taking care of others too. Ok?
Patient: Ok. Good bye now. Bye bye.
