Nurse: Group. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Yeah. Hi, [PHI-Personal]. Larry Walker. Uh, finally, no, finally got through. So, uh, I spoke to, ok. And, uh, what she said is, is that I, I guess, excuse me, something to do with the messaging system. If it's not [PHI-Personal] to her, it just goes into a general mailbox, I guess, or something like that. So, um, in any event, um, uh, sounds strange but, uh, you know, I complimented you of course and just said, you know, so something just isn't working, right? And, uh, so she, uh, you know, she told me what to do, I'm satisfied and I just wanted to call you and let you know and thank you for everything.
Nurse: No problem, no problem. And, um, I am going to look in to see if there's a better way we can message to get to the doctors. Um, I'm compiling a bunch of things that are not working well to bring up at the meeting so that maybe that can be
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. What they basically, she's basically saying if it helps in the, in the, uh, your meeting is that if it's not address it, it just goes to a general message. It doesn't get the same attention, I guess, as if it's [PHI-Personal] to a specific person. I'm not sure that's 100% of what they were saying. Ok. I'm 99%.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, it makes sense because I do send to a pool and they're supposed to send it off to her. Um, from there, the nursing is supposed to send it to her but that's how they have it set up. So maybe we need to change that and I need to message directly to the doctor.
Patient: Yeah, I think it would help, but in, in any event you helped a great deal, I don't think I would have got to it even now if it wasn't for you because I really, I didn't give a pill. I mean, I'm a polite guy but you know, I really just said something isn't working in your system given the number of calls and messages you got. So uh in any way in any event. So I just thought I'd pass that on to you and I will continue to use you because you're the most reliable I think.
Nurse: Well, I'm glad I could be useful to you. That's, that's my goal here.
Patient: You were, you were I can compliment you to anybody just let me know.
Nurse: Ok, thank you. Alright, bye bye [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Right.
