Nurse: This is [PHI-Personal]. May I help you?
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. Uh, this is calling, got a call from. How you doing? Good. How are you? Pretty good. Pretty good. I just wanted to check with you all. I called the other day for a renewal prescription for Temazepam that I take, uh, I can get a 90 day prescription for that.
Nurse: Let me get you pulled up. I actually tried to call you yesterday and didn't get you.
Patient: That's right. We were gone.
Nurse: Oh, well, that's all right. Let me get you pulled up here.
Patient: [PHI-Account]. Mhm. Yeah.
Nurse: All right. So it looks like Doctor [PHI-Personal] did send that over, um, on the [PHI-Personal] to Publix Pharmacy. He also wanted to know if you'd ever spoken with someone, um, in palliative medicine.
Patient: Uh, in what I,
Nurse: That's ok. Palliative medicine. Uh, it's, uh, what that means. Yeah, it's a program if you have like ongoing, um, or serious chronic issues, uh, they can help manage the medication a little more closely. Um, when it comes to, you know, uh, like anxiety, insomnia, pain, uh, those type things
Patient: Don't know of them. Never heard of them.
Nurse: Ok. So, he did, he did want me to give you a referral to him. Uh, is that all right with you?
Patient: I guess, I don't know what, in other words, they're gonna talk to me about what,
Nurse: Just certain medications, um, they'll kind of do an evaluation with you, kind of see what your needs are, tell you more about what they offer. Ok. Ok. Yeah, it won't change anything as far as you seeing Doctor [PHI-Personal] or, or anything like that. It's just an additional service that can, um, monitor and adjust your medications a little more closely based on your needs. Uh, when it comes to those comfort needs, you know, like I said, sleep, uh, pain, those type of things. Ok.
Patient: It won't cure my pain. I can guarantee you that with my back. Yeah, it won't cure, it ain't gonna happen. But it's
Nurse: Definitely, yeah, an option to maybe help you manage it a little better.
Patient: Ok. Uh, what is their name then?
Nurse: It's palliative medication. Palliative. Give me just a second. I'm getting something pulled up on that. Ok. One second. Yeah. Ok. And I just kinda, um, uh, you know, you follow with Doctor [PHI-Personal] routinely and your other specialist, of course, and this is just kind of, uh, an extra layer of support as what you would say. Ok.
Patient: Ok. What is their number then?
Nurse: Um, I don't have a specific number for them. What I do is I put the referral in and then they'll reach out to you. Ok.
Patient: Ok. All right. So they should be on you. Yeah,
Nurse: Absolutely. Um, but that refill on your Temazepam did get sent over to the Publix. It was for a 90 day supply. Ok,
Patient: Great. I appreciate it. Ok, I'll wait until I hear from it in. Ok. You have a great day. You too, Je, bye bye. Bye bye.
