Nurse: [PHI-Geographic]. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal]. Hey,
Nurse: Honey, how are you?
Patient: I'm fine. And you?
Nurse: Good. Well, I sound like a man because my allergies are killing me. But other than that, I'm good. Oh,
Patient: You sound good.
Nurse: Let me get your chart pulled up here. Let's see here. One second. All right. So, yeah, I was just calling to check in on you wanted to see how you were doing, um, and then wanted to check in into to see, did they ever, uh, send you another Cologuard?
Patient: No, they never send the kit.
Nurse: Ok. Um, let me see here. Let me go back to that triage. All right. So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna reopen that age since you haven't received it because that was back. That's like been a month ago. So I feel like they should have already mailed you one and I'm gonna ask, um, [PHI-Personal] is out of the office for the next couple of weeks. Um, so I think it's like doctor, they kinda like take turns, um, checking in and like doing the messages I'll see with the nurse. Like if that's something I can call Cologuard and ask them for or like if it has to be the physician, but I'll update them and let them know that you haven't received that yet. Um, and we'll see if we can get that, you know, get that out to you from them. Um, and just to make sure. So, um, since it's going into June and we're kind of like at the halfway appoint for the year, I just wanna make sure you've not seen pulmonology yet this year. Correct?
Patient: Um, no, I don't see her until [PHI-Personal], I think. [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Ok, that's fine. And then what about oncology? Do you have any follow
Patient: Up with them? Yeah, I was supposed to, so I have to, uh, reschedule with them.
Nurse: Ok, that's fine. Um, I just, I like to check the goal list that we mail it to you about half the year. So that way like the specialist haven't reached out or they haven't scheduled you or something's going on, you know, we have plenty of time to, to get you in for the appointments you need for the year. Um, and let's see here. Now, as far as your prescription medications are concerned, are you ok on everything? Is there anything you need refills on?
Patient: Um, I believe I just need refills on breathing treatments because, um, yesterday and then he, boy was I out of breath. I said, yeah, my asthma only act up around the summer.
Nurse: Yeah. Um, now let's see here. Now, do you, um, like in the summer, like, do you, uh, keep your inhaler with you? Yes. Ok, good. All right. So you have that with you at all times. Um, so the, uh, the breathing treatment is the albuterol sulfate, is that correct? Yeah. And let's see, that is one every six hours as needed. Yeah. Ok. And let me make sure I still got your pharmacy, right? And that's Rite Aid Pharmacy, correct? On 1913, East Third Street. Yeah. Ok. All right. So I will get that requested. Um, and, you know, I don't know, you know, with your asthma, does it seem like if you do things like, um, in the mornings or the late afternoons when it's cooler that, that helps it not act up as bad or does it just still, no matter what time of day it is, it still
Patient: Acts up. I believe it's just when it's cooler but it's going up.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah. So I always just try to tell people, I mean, it's kind of like, um, you know, even though you don't have COPD, it's like we tell the COPD patients, you know, if you're having to do any activities outside or like running your errands trying to do them like, early in the mornings or like later in the afternoons, you know, evening times when the heat is not as bad. Um, and just trying to make sure like if you're outside doing you know, physical activity that you have your inhalers with you. Um, and then, you know, if you could be out in the, like, if you have to be outdoors or like, you know, if you wanna be outdoors for like a cook out or a pool party or something, you know, trying to find somewhere that's like a shady spot, you know, um, to sit. So that way you have, you know, excuse me somewhere that's not as bad on you. So hopefully it doesn't make your asthma as bad. Um, and All right, so I've got that sent over to Leys nurse and, and like I said, I'm gonna reopen that triage and ask them if I can call color guard or if that's something they have to do and then once one of us has contacted them and I have a little bit more answers, um, I don't know if it'll be today, excuse me, I apologize, um, or if it'll be, you know, maybe Monday, but I'll definitely, as soon as I know something, I'll give you a call back and update you. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Thank you so
Nurse: Much. You are welcome. I hope you have a great weekend. Um, and I'll be in touch soon. Ok. Thank you for calling me back.
Patient: You're welcome. All right, bye bye. Bye bye.
