Nurse: Thank you for calling the care management program. My name is [PHI-Personal]. How may I help you?
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. My name is [PHI-Personal]. You called and left a message for me and I'm calling you back.
Nurse: Yes, let me get you pulled back up. Can you spell your last name for me?
Patient: Stu Mp F like Frank.
Nurse: Ok. And then can you verify your birthday for me?
Patient: April 14th, 1945.
Nurse: Ok, perfect. All right. So the reason for my call is um well, I will start by saying we're on a recorded line for quality and training purposes. But the reason for my call is doctor [PHI-Personal] is providing a care management program and he thought that you could benefit from it and what that is, it's where a dedicated care management nurse will call you in between your office visits and provide you with any assistance on your current health conditions. She can help you with medications, lab results and community resources. And the program is a billable service to Medicare, Medicare Advantage and secondary insurances. It's considered an office visit. So it may be subject to coinsurance, deductibles and copays. I do see that you have the United Healthcare Medicare Advantage plan. Is that correct? Yes. Ok. Do you pay a copay when you go to the office? No. Ok. So that means you would not have to pay anything out of pocket for this program. And the nurse can contact you either once a month, once every two months, every three months or every six months. Would you prefer morning or afternoon calls?
Patient: Well, let me ask. Now, could I contact the nurse or can she only connect me?
Nurse: No. Um, so, uh, when you're enrolled in this program, you have access to your nurse at any time. So, you're welcome to call her if you have any questions or if you need any assistance with your health conditions or medications and things like that.
Patient: Ok. So that would really be better than using the, um, what's the app that I use to get my chart? Yeah, my chart. I've been having trouble with my chart lately. They either don't read it or, you know, I, I don't know.
Nurse: And that is more, yeah. And this is more personable so you can get answers back quickly. Um, the nurses are always so super sweet. Um, but yeah, I would, you like to be enrolled in it?
Patient: I, I would, as long as I can contact her and then I'll, yes, and I'd like her to contact me also.
Nurse: Yes, of course. So, I'll go ahead and get you signed up and then, um, are you still at [PHI-Geographic] in [PHI-Geographic]. Yes. Ok. So I'm gonna go ahead and mail you out. Um it's kind of like a welcome letter and it's gonna have your nurses contact information in it and then she'll reach out here within the next couple weeks to touch base and introduce herself. But once you get that letter, you are welcome to contact her before she contacts you. Ok?
Patient: Oh, sounds good. Ok. Thank you very much.
Nurse: You're very welcome. And thank you for returning my phone call and I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day.
Patient: Thanks. Bye bye. Bye
Nurse: Bye.
