Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Oh, hi. Is this Mr Ing? Hi. Hi, this is [PHI-Personal]. Um I was just giving you a call to check in. Is this a good time to chat? Sure. Why not? Ok, perfect. Um So how have you been doing? I know that I last talked to you. I believe it was like the end of December. So I just wanted to check in. Has everything been going? Ok.
Patient: Yeah. Um went and saw my cardiac doctor yesterday and everything looks good. I'm gonna stop, I'm gonna stop some medicine because I'm gonna have a tooth extracted. Uh but I mean other than that, I mean it's great.
Nurse: Ok, good. Yeah, I did see that um cardiology visit. I was gonna double check with you because it popped up as like pre op clearance. So I just wanna make sure. So it's a tooth extraction. Um ok. When are you getting your tooth extracted?
Patient: I believe the [PHI-Personal], the
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. Ok, at [PHI-Personal]
Patient: O'clock in the afternoon.
Nurse: Ok. All right. Well, good. Well, I'm glad everything else is going. Ok, I'm glad the visit went. All right. Um and are you still doing ok with all your medications that you're taking? Uh? Yeah. Ok, perfect. So he probably just has you holding the Coumadin right before the, the extraction, right? Yeah. Ok. All right. Well, good. Well, I just wanted to double check on a couple of things with you. Um, so with it being the start of a new year, we just like to double check that some of the things in your chart have not changed one of those being your address. So I have your address listed as [PHI-Geographic]. Is that still the same? Absolutely. All right, perfect. And then, um, your insurance just wanna double check. I have the primary listed as Medicare and that's still the same.
Patient: That's correct.
Nurse: Perfect. Good. So that is all up to date there. And then I also wanted to let you know too that I will be sending you a letter in the mail, which is gonna have your 2023 Wellness goals. So basically things like, you know, your annual Wellness visit lab work, um, any preventative screenings that maybe do, um, all that fun stuff to get done throughout the year. So, um, like no urgency to get it all done right away. Obviously, you have the whole year, but I just wanted to let you know that that was on the way, um, in the mail. Ok. Ok. All right. Well, did you have any questions or any concerns about anything going on. Uh, not at all. All right. Well, good. Well, I'm glad you're doing well and I'll probably just plan on touching base with you next month, but if you need anything sooner then definitely feel free to give me a call. I know where to find you. All right. Sounds good. Well, you have a great weekend. You do the same [PHI-Personal]. Thank you. Alright, bye bye
Patient: Bye bye.
