Nurse: This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal] calling. We guess, guess we got disconnected somehow.
Nurse: Oh, good. I was just calling to check in and see how he's doing with his swelling.
Patient: Uh, swelling is about the same. Um, I'd like to see it a lot less but he's, I do have uh a wedge on the foot of the bed and a big pillow on top of that. So he has that at night. Good when he can, he, um, lays down on the floor and props his feet up on the couch. Um, but I think the swelling is about the same. Um,
Nurse: Is he doing the additional half of Furosemide or no?
Patient: Um, when we aren't going somewhere? He is. Mm. Or if you know if we're going to have a company or something like that. Um Right then hold it. This, I think he had the extra 11 time this week but he, we had a, we had our IV infusions for Remicade on Tuesday. So he, we didn't have the extra one that day,
Nurse: But he, he is doing the full 40 mg every day. Yes. Ok. Good. Ok. And he is he having any shortness of breath,
Patient: He doesn't seem to be,
Nurse: How is his BP?
Patient: Well, depending on what time of day he takes it. Um, see from [PHI-Geographic] 7, 14, mm. On [PHI-Account], it was 100 and 13/77 and on the [PHI-Personal] it was at eight o'clock in the morning, it was 1 30/85 but he hadn't had his Benicar yet. Um, and then, and then in the afternoon was down to 10 4/[PHI-Account]. Um, on the [PHI-Personal] it was 1 29/81. Um, let's see, on the [PHI-Personal] it was a [PHI-Account] and that was, mm, his pulse was 100 and 18 at that time. Um, that was, mm, that was three o'clock in the afternoon and then 1700 hours whenever that was, that was [PHI-Account].
Nurse: Was that the same day? Yeah. What was his heart rate then?
Patient: Uh, [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Ok. Has his heart rate gotten over 100 like that other
Patient: Times? Let's see, on [PHI-Account], he is BP at 10 o'clock was 1 24/81 and his, his pulse was 100 and 18. But if he's exerting himself trying to get from one place to another, um, it, it'll do
Nurse: That. Is he checking his BP after he's been active or is he checking it when he's just been sitting and resting.
Patient: Uh, it varies. He usually tries to check it in the morning and then again in the afternoon. But, um, on [PHI-Account], the same day, let's see, his BP at [PHI-Account] was 1 16/85 and the pulse was 100 and 10. Yeah. And then today, let's see, this was at 7 15 this morning before he had his be a car. His BP was 1 29/81 and his pulse was 82. So it's just kinda, well,
Nurse: Well, you ask him, um, when he checked those blood pressures with the high heart rate, had he been walking around a lot right before that, or was he just sitting resting, um, for the few, the few minutes before? Ok.
Patient: And on these, where your heart rate's up, where your heart rate is up. Were you walking around at that time? Sometimes it's first thing I come down in the morning. No, it's just normal, just normal activity, which is most time. It is what I'm doing right now. Yeah. But sometimes you're walking back and forth from the barn and I'll have to start reading down. I'm, yeah, maybe you can start doing that,
Nurse: Tell him to make sure he's not doing any kind of exercise, you know, within the minutes leading up to BP because, you know, if he's been up moving around a lot, then the heart rate can get over 100. But if he's just sitting there for the last, you know, 10 minutes resting and his heart rate's over 100. That's a completely different story. That's something that we would want to report to the doctor. So
Patient: She would like you to take your BP and pulse, maybe, maybe 15 minutes after you've had any activity. Yeah. He actually,
Nurse: Yeah, tell him just, I want him to be resting for about, you know, for 15 minutes or so before he checks it. Any time he checks it.
Patient: She just wants you to be resting when you take the BP. Pulse. You, no, you're not. Sometimes you just, you come in from, uh, doing something, maybe you were busy making breakfast or something like that and then you say, well, I got to go sit down.
Nurse: Ok. Well, will you ask him, has he had any weird feelings, like, feeling like his heart rate rate is fluttering or racing or pounding?
Patient: Yeah, [PHI-Personal]. Do you ever feel like your heart rate is racing or pounding? He said, no,
Nurse: Ask him any unusual feelings in his chest.
Patient: No unusual feelings in your chest. No unusual feelings in your chest, just out of breath. He just gets out of breath and that's mostly with activity. Right? Yeah. Going upstairs and like that. Oh, wait. Yeah, it was amazing. Mhm. Um, I'll take care of it. Um. Mm.
Nurse: But like I said, you know, if it's, if he's been doing a lot of activity, sits down and checks his BP and it's over 100. That's not unusual. But if he's been sitting resting for 15 minutes and checks his BP and his heart rate is above 100 then that tells us something is going on. So that's, that's a, so I really do want to know the answer to that. So, ok, I'll definitely follow up with you on that. Uh, and if anything changes, just don't hesitate to give us a call too. Ok. I know that. Go ahead. I'm sorry. Um,
Patient: The other evening he was shaving and I wasn't paying too much attention, but when he got up from his, his higher chair that he sits on to shave, I noticed there was a blood trail and there's a pool of blood underneath the sink. And I said, what did you do? And he says, I don't know. Well, on his foot that he's the leg that's numb is left foot. He had caught his toenail on something and ripped it off
Nurse: The whole toenail.
Patient: It was just hanging, it was hanging by big toe. No, it was a little toe but it was hanging just by a teeny, tiny little piece. So I just finished it. Mm. So
Nurse: Is it the very, the pinky toe or is it one of the middle, one of the middle? Ok. Is it ok.
Patient: Yeah, it seems to be fine. Now, I, I bandaged it up and then wrapped it up. Put a kind of like a compression, compression sock on top of that.
Nurse: Did it stop
Patient: Bleeding? It did.
Nurse: Ok. Is it scabbing or?
Patient: Um, I wouldn't say scabbing. It's just kind of dried up,
Nurse: Drying up. Be careful when you change the dressing. Tell him too, when you, when he goes to take a shower, if it's stuck on there a little bit, he, if you wet it and kind of wiggle it around, it'll help to get it off without ripping it open.
Patient: Well, now he's not, he doesn't even have a band aid on it. Now. He says I'll just wear one of the compression socks.
Nurse: Ok. How, how long ago was that?
Patient: Oh, about three days ago? Ok. I'm trying to think what it was. Oh, we were talking about getting compression stockings for him. Yes, of course. I think he did order some Medipeds online, but I'm not sure if they're compression stockings. I've talked, keep talking to him about it and he gets angry with me. So I, I just have to drop it. Ok. Um, there's something else that he did health wise and I said something to him about it and he got really angry about it. So I just have to drop
Nurse: It and he has, uh, labs at 7 30 on the [PHI-Personal], right?
Patient: Oh, let me check his calendar here
Nurse: And then, excuse me, and then the appointment is to follow that same day
Patient: It says labs for Doctor [PHI-Personal] at [PHI-Geographic]. Then he gets his injection. So I know he's got em for Doctor [PHI-Personal]. Um, so I don't know if he has em for Doctor [PHI-Personal] or not.
Nurse: So, well, the lab work I show is Doctor [PHI-Personal] on the [PHI-Personal] at 7 30. Is that what you show at? [PHI-Geographic]?
Patient: Ok. Yeah. And I have it for Doctor [PHI-Personal] too.
Nurse: Ok. And then also right after that he has the appointment at 8 15, right? Ok. Good, good. I just wanted to make sure we were on the same page. Yeah. So he does actually see the doctor on the day. He gets his injection, doesn't he? Yes. Ok. I would recommend between now and then keep a log, including the heart rate that way, you know, you can show him right. Uh, and you know,
Patient: Sometimes sometimes he doesn't see the doctor.
Nurse: Ok. Well, I'll send a message and let him know, but so just make sure that he starts, you know, uh, resting for 15 minutes before he checks it. And that way, you know, if, if it's, if the heart rate is still above 100 we'll know something's going on. So just tell him to do that and you know, that way we will know one way or the other and if he has any new symptoms or anything you call us or any worsening, you know, swelling or shortness of breath
Patient: Right now. When he had the Remicade, they take the BP about every half hour and the BP was good then good. And they said the pulse rate was good too. So good. The he was at rest there at least.
Nurse: And if he might see the doctor, then I would definitely just take, you know, take your log with you just, you know, the last few days when you go, when he goes. So with the heart, with the heart rate on there too and he can show him swelling. You know, that way if he does see him, he'll be prepared and I'll go ahead and send an update to the doctor.
Patient: Ok. And he probably will not wear, he does have one sock that I, I'm not sure if you actually call em compression stockings. He said that they're compression stockings. But I was thinking they were something that I had gotten him at Walmart just special for diabetics. But that's, I guess that's what the argument was about. But anyway, he will not wear them when he goes to see a doctor because he can't get em back on again. Ok. So he'll probably will lose socks when he comes to the doctor.
Nurse: Well, I will, I will plan to call back in a week and check back in and we can go over, you know, if he saw the doctor, we can go over the appointment and everything. But if, and just tell him to to rest before checking, take that log with him when he goes so he can give it to the doctor and then, or show the doctor and then, you know, if any changes come up, just let us know. All right, sounds good. Well, thank you for talking with me. Oh,
Patient: Thank you for. And as for me, I don't know whether you're doing check ups on me or not. Um, I had another partial small bowel obstruction two nights ago. I did not go to the hospital. I just stuck it out for the eight hours and it finally went through.
Nurse: So you're ok
Patient: Now I'm ok. But, um, I'm back to eating cream of wheat and macaroni and cheese and, um, mm, I had some cream tuna today and that's, that goes through me. All right. And, um, soft peaches and apple sauce and like that.
Nurse: Do you have the same insurance as your husband? Yes, I do. Ok. For some reason we have him signed up but not you for the phone calls. Would you like to start doing the phone calls? And I could talk to you about both of you.
Patient: I wouldn't mind it
Nurse: Because I don't, I don't know why. Let me check something else here. Hold on a second because I, what we, before we can do calls, we have to enroll, make sure insurance, you know, get everything set up and then once we do that, I can just check in with you both of you, you know, for both of you each month, let me see.
Patient: I keep getting phone calls that say this is from [PHI-Personal] and we want to do this and such and we wanna take care of your back pain. And I said, well, I don't have back pain. Well, we wanna take care of your arthritic pain and, and we will send you this and we will send you that and, but I never tell, I never say the word. Yes, I always say it maybe, ok or speaking because I think it's a scam.
Nurse: You know, there's a lot of scams. If you're ever questioning it, then hang up and call the number on your insurance and call them directly at the number you have on your card, you know, and ask them because a lot of times that stuff is a scam. So don't give them information and you know, you, you can call the number on your card. So, you know, you're calling the right place and ask them, you know, did, are you calling me? Is this real? Because a lot of times you're right, they sound very legit.
Patient: They ask to me my number for my card and I says, well, if your [PHI-Personal], you know my
Nurse: Number. Yep. Yes. Right. Be careful. There are so many if they're asking you for your personal information, that is not good. Yeah. Uh you know, and I hate that because whenever I call you know, I'll ask date of birth just to confirm you. And I always worry that somebody's gonna, you know, before they get to know me. I'm worried about that because there are so many scams out there. So I'm glad that you're being careful. All right. Well, let me, of course, I'm going to send a note to the enrollment department and tell them that you would like to start these calls and that way they, they verify with your insurance and then they will reach out to you and get your approval to enroll and then once they do that we can start doing
Patient: Calls. So they'll be calling me.
Nurse: Yes. Ok. Yeah, it'll be, it'll be our enrollment. Uh, they will reach out to you just to get, verify that you do wanna do chronic care calls with me and, and then, you know, they'll get it set up and once they do that then we can start. So, uh, sometimes, uh, the, the nurse, there's a nurse [PHI-Personal] that helps with the first, the enrollment call. So she may do your first one just to get everything set up so it could be her or me. But, but yeah, yeah. So just expect to get a call from enrollment, uh, you know, about starting the chronic care calls and I'll go ahead and send them a message telling them you'd like to, you know, get enrolled. Ok. And then I can just call and talk to you know, talk to you about both of you each month, so. Ok, perfect. I'll get it set up and if you need anything in the meantime, just let us know.
Patient: All right, thank you so much.
Nurse: Thank you. Good to talk to you.
Patient: Ok? You too. Bye bye.
