Nurse: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Oh, yeah. Hi, [PHI-Personal]. Uh, uh, returning your call. How are you? Oh, yeah.
Nurse: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. I'm doing well. How are you? Let me pull you up here. I missed your call here. Oh, that's ok. Let me pull you up again on my computer here. Ok. Here doing anything fun today.
Patient: Uh, cleaning the pool.
Nurse: That's, that's not fun. But you have a pool. Yeah. And is it, you think time to open it for the year? You think it's warm enough?
Patient: Well, not yet, but I just, you know, try to get ahead of the game a little bit.
Nurse: That's true. Oh, my goodness. I can't find you here. There's a lot of, um, j there you are. Here we go. Pull you up here. Have we talked before? I took over, um, for a few different nurses. I'm trying to pull you up and see if we were the ones who talked last time or if you talked to [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Um, who did you talk to? It was me? You don't remember? No, I think we just reviewed, um, kind of what, what I'd be calling for and whatnot and how are you doing? How is the past month been? Has there been any changes? Just kind of fill me in on how your past month has gone? Oh, excuse me?
Patient: Yeah, like COPD acted up a little bit.
Nurse: All right.
Patient: Yeah, that's ok. Uh, yeah, I mean, other than that everything's been pretty good. Yeah, I, I have some coughing spasms once in a while but, uh, yeah, I've been, I've been pretty good all in all, you know, keeping busy and, uh, I mean, health wise, everything's good.
Nurse: How often is every once in a while
Patient: I would say once a day, sometimes twice a day I'll have a cough spasm.
Nurse: Hm. My computer is being a jerk on me. Give me one second here and there we go. Oh, jeez. Here we go. All right. Um, are you feeling short of breath with these episodes or is it just that tightness that you're feeling?
Patient: Yeah. Just the, uh, coughing, uh, sensation kind of, you know, uh, not necessarily short of breath just, uh, uh, like if I maybe swallow a little bit, you know, almost like a wrong pipe kind of situation. Ok. I, I'll just get that cough and cough and cough. It'll last for about a minute or so. And then it'll go away.
Nurse: Ok. Has it started, would you say, uh, increasing since the seasons have changed? And we've kind of gotten into the, the allergens of the spring. Do you, do you notice that there's been kind of a increase in these episodes since that started.
Patient: Uh, no, I, I don't think, uh, I, I don't think it's been, uh, increased at all, you know, due to allergies or anything. Uh, I've never had any allergies before but, uh, although that's a good avenue to look at though. But,
Nurse: Uh, no, yeah, I mean, just because you're, yeah. Right. I've heard a lot of people saying it was bad this year. Um, I, I wonder sometimes if it's not just the fact that, you know, it's been winter. So we are, our bodies have not been exposed to any of these allergens and so we kind of get accustomed to that and then we start going outside and we just get bombarded with all of these allergens and they can flare up, um, COPD. So, I just wasn't sure if there was any sort of, if you thought there was a increase since you've been going out and about more this spring. Um, it's, it's something, sometimes as little as an allergy pill can help calm that down. It will, it's like an antihistamine that will help combat that. Um, yeah, without really any side effects, sometimes people might be a little drowsy, um, or feel dried out a little bit from it. But if it prevents the, you know, the flare up with the cough and, and it's, if it's being caused by that, that may be something that you could just consider trying um, personally my favorite allergy over the counter, allergy is um Zyrtec with the zyre, but I wouldn't buy the name brand, um Zyrtec because it's like three times more expensive than the generic. So when you go to the store and if you're just, if you decide to buy a little bit to, to just give it a try, look at the Zyrtec and then look to the like right of it or whatever, maybe right below it. They'll have the, the generic version of Zyrtec, which I'm trying to remember the name of it. Hold on, let me pull it up. I think it starts with an, I think it starts with an E see. Let me see what it search. Ok, so it's zine, that's what the generic would be with the, with the letter C C as in cat cetrizine. So if you get the generic, it's like half the price. Um and it's just like a once a day allergy pill, you could try it for a couple of weeks and just see if that gives you any relief. Um If you don't notice any improvement or anything, then it might not be related to that. Um Have you been using your inhaler at all? I know you have the albuterol.
Patient: Yeah, I like this. Mhm. Um I would say like every 6 to 8 hours. Oh,
Nurse: Ok. So you're using it every day.
Patient: Oh, yeah. Yes, I am. Sometimes I sometimes, sometimes I'll skip uh, you know, if I feel as though I really don't need it, you know, if everything seems to be normal, like, uh, depending on the job where I'm working. And, you know, I mean, I, I, I'd be mindful of, uh, you know, how I exert myself, of course. But, uh, and then the b, tree, I take that twice in the morning, twice in the evening. I, I, you know, I, I do that also. Yeah. So, uh, but now, right now, I mean, I, I cough there for a while now I'm ok. I am outside. But, uh, I mean, usually, like, if I'm mowing lawn, I'll put a mask on because that stirs up a lot of stuff.
Nurse: Right. Exactly. And that's where I'm wondering if that could even have a, you know, it could have an effect on you even if it's just enough to get that increased cough, um, or tightness that you're feeling, you know, when you cough, that's that high pitched squeaky wheezy sound. Um, but, you know, just things to look for, just make sure if you're, if you're, if you start coughing up this thick phlegmy, uh, mucus, um, it's, it's a yellow or green or it's a weird looking color. Um, or you start having some shortness of breath with that cough. Give me a call. Let me know right away. Ok. Ok. Yeah, we do time. All right. How about you? Do you need any refills on any of your medications today.
Patient: Uh, let's see. Um, well, actually, yeah, my, uh, B tree, I'm getting real low on that. Uh, and, uh, I think there might have been a mix up between, uh, either myself or the, uh, pharmacist. I did get a refill but it was the, uh, albuterol and it should, I don't think it should have been, I think it should have been the B tree. But, uh, yeah, I've got maybe about uh on the numbers there. I think I've got like 20 puffs left, I think on something like that. I don't have it with me right now, but. Ok.
Nurse: All right. It looks like the last time they sent it over to hold on, let me check and see where they sent it. Ok. They send it to CV S. Is that correct? Is that the right pharmacy?
Patient: Uh Yes on uh uh yeah.
Nurse: Ok, perfect. They sent that over the end of the end of January was the last time they sent it with a, with a refill of five. So let's see, February March, April May June. Yeah, you probably only have one left or even maybe two refills left on that one because if it was in January, February, March, April May June, you should still have a refill available on that one. If you call to refill it and they say that you're all out, just give me a quick call and I'll let um the doctor know, I'll just send a quick message to Doc o'neill and tell him he needs to call in another refill. And then I think we have you down for an appointment coming up here. Um ok. So you have your lab work on the end of the month. On the 30th, you come in for the, the labs and then you see aerial um on [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Yeah. Does that sound right? Ok. So the end of the month, so in 1 to 3 weeks you come in for your lab work and then on the fifth that following Monday you'll have the appointment with [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Yep. Ok. Yeah, that's uh, that sounds, that
Nurse: Sounds right. Ok. All right. So if you get, if you are getting any um no refills available when you call that in today or whenever you, you call that in um this week, just give me a quick call and I will um get that facilitated, but it looks like the way it was ordered, there should be at least one refill left on that one.
Patient: Ok. I'll double check where I keep those. Uh ok. I, I think I might be on my last one but I'll double check and uh ok.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. No problem. If I, if I don't hear from you, I'll assume you still have that refill available. Um And if, if you notice that it's, there's none and you've used them all up, just give me a quick call. It's a quick uh, message I can send over to get that refilled for you. Ok. Um, and then, yeah, maybe look into that Zyrtec if, if you're interested, just see if it, see if it gives you any help, especially if you're out mowing, you're doing the pool, you know, you're getting exposed to all that stuff. I've heard it's bad this year. Who knows? Um, if that's the case or not, I feel like people say it's bad every year. So, I don't know for sure. But, um, yeah, something you could try.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. Uh, actually, no, I, I think it is because, uh, my wife has allergies and, uh, uh, it's, you know, been a little bit, uh, more
Nurse: Than normal so, worse than, yeah, I know. I thought it was too but like I said, sometimes I feel like every spring I say, oh, it's bad this year. I don't know. Uh, we'll give that a try. I hope it helps for you. Um, and then I'll reach back out in about a month or so just to see how you things are going with you. Does that sound good?
Patient: Oh, yeah, that sounds great. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, I'm usually running around during the day. That's why sometimes I don't, uh, get a chance to pick up but I'll, I'll be sure to get back
Nurse: To you and you have a, you have a pool. Do you go swimming?
Patient: Uh, we have once in a while mostly for the grandkids.
Nurse: Is it?
Patient: Oh, they, yeah, they enjoy it. So I try to get it open. Uh, well, if I let it go too long then the, the algae gets really bad, you know. So, uh, the sooner I open it up and work on it, uh, it's not quite as bad to, you know, to get things cleaned up. So it is a little bit early. But,
Nurse: Yeah, but, you know, Memorial Weekend will be here before we know it. And I feel like that's kind of like the inaugural pool opening day for summer. So, and you can get all the grandkids to come over and, and, um, play and then that's a good way to get them to come over. I love it. I think it's a great idea.
Patient: Yeah. Maybe they can help me with the cats too or take some with them. I, uh, yeah, here, well, here last week I had a stray cat come in my, my shop. I have a, a shop where I work out of and she crawled up, she crawled up into my gang box and had four kittens. Oh, no. And I have no idea where she came from. I never
Nurse: Saw her before. Uh, well, I bet the grandkids would love to take them. But I have a feeling that your kids, your kids are probably gonna say no to that. But maybe you'll get lucky.
Patient: Well, I'll keep, I'll keep him anyway, you know. Oh,
Nurse: Yeah. Oh, so am I, I wish I could take one from you. I think my dog wouldn't appreciate it very much though.
Patient: That might be a problem.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. She likes to chase him. I don't think she would hurt any, anything, but she does like to chase the cat. So, I wonder what would happen if she ever caught one? I, it's never happened, so, I don't wanna know. All right, [PHI-Personal]. Well, it was so nice chatting with you. I hope you have a wonderful, uh, memorial Day with your family and I'll reach back out in about a month or so.
Patient: Ok. Yeah. Thanks for calling and yeah, you too. Enjoy.
Nurse: Yeah. Thank you. Thank you so much. Talk to you later. Bye bye. Ok. Yep. Bye bye.
