Nurse: Care management. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Yes, [PHI-Personal]. This is, I just received your letter. I think we've had some wires crossed because I've been seeing um, not [PHI-Personal] for the last several days actually.
Nurse: Ok, let me see here, sir. I'm just gonna pull up your chart really quick.
Patient: Don't fall too hard. Yeah. All right. I think we, matter of fact, I think the last appointment I had with her, we discussed this.
Nurse: Ok, great. Yeah, let's see here. It looks like you were there yesterday. You went in yesterday. Yes. Ok, great. Yeah. So basically like it said in the letter. Um, and I know you had a, you know, I left you a voice mail earlier in the month. Uh, but she's, she's offering a care management and behavioral health program and you said you were able to talk with her a little bit about it.
Patient: Yes. She knew this. She said this guy I was supposed to be, I do not have problems. I get more text than I do other calls because I, my son gives me life. I get them confused up. So I don't very rarely do I bother that.
Nurse: Oh, ok. No. Problem. No problem. Well, I'd be happy to tell you a little bit about it as well. And, um, we are on a recorded line today for quality. I did wanna let you know that as well, but basically the care management and behavioral health, it's a phone call from a dedicated nurse where she would check in with you between your office visits. She could answer questions or concerns, assist with medications, lab results, prescription costs, really anything pertaining to your health. She'd be an added resource and of course, would keep [PHI-Personal] updated with current conditions or any changes with the overall goal being you at your best health possible health care management and behavioral health are billable services to Medicare, Medicare Advantage plans and secondary insurances. So may be subject to coinsurance, deductibles and copays. I do see you'd qualify, uh, with your Aetna Medicare and you would see the $20 copay. Now, the nurse, she could reach out on a monthly basis or every 2 to 3 months. That's completely up to you. Would you have a preference if she called in the mornings or the afternoons?
Patient: I don't have a preference if you get me. That's the problem. The
Nurse: Problem is catching you. Huh? Yes,
Patient: Because I work at Burger [PHI-Geographic] at five in the morning and I go to and work from 9 30 or something like that until 12 in the morning or two in the afternoon. Ok.
Nurse: Ok. Well, and you know what? It's no problem. She can always just leave a message and when you know when the time is right for you, you can give her a call back. How does that sound? That's better. Yes. Ok, no problem. And uh let me just confirm the address here. I'll send you some information with her phone number for you. I have [PHI-Geographic] in Ows. Yes.
Patient: Alright.
Nurse: Ok. Well I'll send that out for you Terry and then she'll give you a call within the next couple of weeks here. Ok, thank you. Ok, you bet you have a good one. You too. Thank you. Bye bye.
