Nurse: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal]. You called and left me a message. I did. How are you? I'm good. You know, on the, the message you left your phone number but there's too many digits. Um, at the end you left. [PHI-Account]. Um, really? Yeah, so I would have call that but I wasn't sure what the numbers were.
Nurse: Oh, sorry about that. Um That's all right. Yeah, so I am um, the nurse care manager on behalf of Doctor [PHI-Personal] office. So I was just calling to, um, kind of introduce myself and introduce you into the program. Um, and then just kind of go over a few things with you. Um,
Patient: Actually I, I know I see [PHI-Personal] though. I don't really see that control.
Nurse: You see [PHI-Personal] Moore. Ok. Well, she, ok, so, all right. So she works under doctor. He is the physician, um,
Patient: Physician's assistant.
Nurse: Yeah, let me, let me get into your uh chart here. Ok. All right. Can you tell me your date of birth, please?
Patient: [PHI-Personal] 1953. Perfect.
Nurse: All right. So basically I will kind of be your, uh, the middle man between you and [PHI-Personal]. Um, I can get in touch with [PHI-Personal] at any time. So you can call me with any questions, concerns, you know, kind of just like a safety net there for you. Sometimes it's difficult to get in touch with the office. Um, so physicians are kind of opting into this program now just because it's just to kind of help the patients better, um, manage their own care, uh, because we're right at your fingertips. And, um, you know, we're just, we're kind of more available than what the physician is. Right. So, with that being said, I do wanna review your medications to make sure I have everything up to date. Um, and then if you have any questions or concerns, I'm happy to answer those as well. Ok. So for medications for you, um, so you have all of your, uh, diabetic care needs, you have your lancets, um, you have your glucometer, all that stuff. Yes. Ok. Then you have the alprazolam.
Patient: Um, yeah, I don't have, uh, I don't have my medications with me. Uh, actually what it is is I'm in my, I have a small office in my house and we're getting a new floor put in the kitchen right now and my dogs are with me because I don't want, you know, I don't want them to go to be the, the guys that are putting it in to be your place. So I, I can't leave this room. That's ok. That's gone about an hour and a half. So I'm, that'd be fine. Yeah, I do have the list. So I think on my phone, hold on one second. Um, you probably think I'm crazy. But, um, I don't, I, I don't want, I don't want the dogs to, uh, to, you know, they shouldn't be the other people. I should, they don't, they don't bite but I just don't know. You know what I mean?
Nurse: Yeah. Oh, I get it. We have two dogs too and same thing if there's company I gotta, you know, lock them up and,
Patient: Yeah. Yeah, I just, I just, I don't trust them. I mean, you know, that's probably listen to death but I just don't know. Yeah. Well, um, they're both, um, uh, they're not pedigree but, um, we rescued both of them and, uh, Parker. He, he looks like a collie but he's a, he's a mix and he's nine and she looks more like a lab. Uh, but she's part something, but we rescued her about four years ago. Oh, how sweet. So, one's a [PHI-Personal], one's a [PHI-Personal]. Oh, yeah. I, I've had nine years and I, I love him so much. I just, I hate when they get old.
Nurse: I know it's, I know because they, I mean, they do become your, like your Children. They become part of your family.
Patient: Well, we had dogs. So, um, and we lost to, oh, probably about 10 years ago we had two together and they died within a week of each other. So that was, oh, my gosh. And I told my husband, I said, I'm not getting the dog, don't get me a dog. And then he goes, he went on the site where, you know, you could get, um, you could rescue dog and he showed me a picture of my dog who I have. But I was like, oh my God. Oh, you know, that was it for that. But I do have a list. Ok. I have it in front of me. So I think this should be accurate. All
Nurse: Right, perfect. All right. So, um, the alprazolam, are you still taking that twice daily? That would be for anxiety.
Patient: Yes, I am.
Nurse: Mhm. Ok. And is it helpful, is it helping you? How's your anxiety been lately? Yeah.
Patient: Most of, well, it was really bad, you know, during the pandemic, you know what I mean? Uh, closed because I'm claustrophobic too. And, uh, and, and my family is in [PHI-Geographic] and, uh, and I wondered I can hear your accent. Yeah. Well, we, we live from [PHI-Geographic]. Um, we lived in [PHI-Geographic] for over 20 years and then after we both retired, I wanted to be closer to them, but I couldn't, um, afford a house, of course, on [PHI-Geographic]. So we decided to move to [PHI-Geographic], which worked out because I see them more often. But you know, for that year or whatever, you couldn't see anybody. So, um so my anxiety was pretty bad. Um But now, you know, I take it like I have to fall asleep. Like if I start getting a little anxious, it seems to be worse at night. Um, but then like sometimes during the day too, I'll start thinking about my son because he rides the subway in [PHI-Geographic] and of course everything that's happening and I get anxiety over stuff I can't control and that, you know what I mean? And I do and I do. So that's why I need it and I don't abuse it. Um, she does do a urine test every time I go. So I guess I can see that. I'm not, I'm not a, you know, I don't take other with it. Yeah. Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. Um, yeah, that, it's, it's hard, it's hard to think about. I, my oldest daughter just got her license and in the last week I have woke up like, multiple times in the middle of the night and it's like a total panic just thinking about her being out there on the road. You know, it's awful. My
Patient: Grandson, he, he just got his permit. He's on [PHI-Geographic] and, yeah, he's [PHI-Personal], he just got his permit. So, I'm, I'm in the same boat.
Nurse: Yeah, it's terrible. Oh, and I mean, she's done well, you know, she's knock on wood, hasn't had any trouble since, but Yeah, it's just that, it's terrible. Yeah. Um, anyway, all right. So, then we have you on Aspirin?
Patient: Yes. A low dose.
Nurse: Yeah. 81 mg. Yeah. Um, Atorva atorvastatin.
Patient: Yes, it was 80. But, um, I don't know if you know the history but I was having a lot of problem with my liver enzymes. They kept going up and up and I had, then I had a liver biopsy, ultrasound. I had to go see a gastro doctor. They couldn't, they didn't know. So then when I went to see [PHI-Personal], not this time, but the time before, um, I guess she read it and I read it but, um, read that, uh, the statins of the Lipitor could make it, your liver enzymes go up. So she cut me in half to [PHI-Personal]. And so for three months, I used the [PHI-Personal] mg and, but then she was worried about my cholesterol and stuff. Um, so she would come back in three months. Well, I knock on wood. It was good. My cholesterol is good and it went down from 400 to 200 something good for
Nurse: You. That's awesome.
Patient: So, the, so I was just so nervous because how do you control them? It's like, it's not like you can't say I'm not gonna eat this or that. Um, and I had no idea why it kept going up because I never had a problem before. So we think it is that the Lipitor was at 80 it was too much. And uh, so now I'm, I'm back to [PHI-Personal]. Um, wonderful. So that, that's how we, we, we said I have to go back to her, I think in [PHI-Personal] and get it done. But my cholesterol was good and my uh A one C was good this time. So, uh
Nurse: Yeah, and now that your cholesterol has come down and it's doing well, you know, at this point. No, it,
Patient: I'm sorry. It wasn't. No, it wasn't the cholesterol that was high. It was the liver enzymes. That was high. The alkaline phosphate. I'm sorry. Ok, I got you. That was high. No, my cholesterol and that, since I've been on it is not, it hasn't been high at all. Ok. Good. Good, good. Yeah, I'm sorry, I go too fast. No, that's ok.
Nurse: That's ok. So it seems like the [PHI-Personal] is doing well for you then you're doing ok on that good. Ok. Very good. All right. Then we have Lisinopril.
Patient: Yes. Uh huh.
Nurse: Um, you have an eye drop?
Patient: Well, actually I have glaucoma. Ok. And uh, and I, are you just using the
Nurse: Timolol? Are you just using the one eye drop? I,
Patient: No, I'm using Timolol and Lumigan. Ok. And I had a problem, uh, the doctor, I, I see doctor um, [PHI-Personal]. He's, he's um, I think he's in, I forgot in Pittsburg. I'm still getting to know my way around here. Pot pot pot. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, I've been seeing him since I got, I came to, uh, [PHI-Geographic] about two years ago. But, um, I was having a lot of problems and he was trying different drops and it always felt like something was in my eye and I was having a lot of trouble. Well, we finally diagnosed it a couple of weeks ago. I had not believe it, but I had herpes in my eye. I, I must carry the virus. Yeah and because I get a fever sore once in a while but for some reason it it came out into my eye so I was on a, you know, an antibiotics and stuff so we finally got it under control. Um so now um so I I was off the and now I'm back on it and now and everything seems to be ok with it for now but I see him all the time. I have to go back to him uh in June. So
Nurse: Very good. Um and then the last one I have for you is vitamin D three.
Patient: Yes, I take that. Yeah. [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Yes. And are you taking anything else that I didn't mention?
Patient: Well I do take Bima it's um oh you know it's um health um it's not a prescription.
Nurse: Ok. Just an over the counter.
Patient: Yeah it's for it helps supposed to help with the sugar. I I take two a day. Mhm.
Nurse: Alright, I'll add that too
Patient: I think it's called. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. Ok. Yeah I can add that into your med list as well. Um it looks like you don't go back to see [PHI-Personal] until [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Yeah.
Nurse: Ok and then um let me see what else it looks like you are due for. So that'll be your. Alright so it looks like you're due for a annual well visit which will probably be that appointment in [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Um and then you will need a flu shot if you haven't got that already. And then just
Patient: That I can tell you, let's see, the last flu shot I got was uh let's see. Uh I try to keep it on my phone. Oh, let's see. That was my door. It was uh actually it was uh [PHI-Personal] was the last time. Yeah. Ok.
Nurse: All right. So you wouldn't really be due until the fall anyhow.
Patient: So uh [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I've had um all the COVID, I've had the COVID shots and the COVID booster.
Nurse: Ok. All right. Very good. So I'm going to send you out a letter like I said with my name and contact information. Um ok, and it looks like you opted for every three month phone call, so I will reach out to you every three months. Kind of just do the same thing, just check in see if there's been any changes. Um, but if you need me before then you know, don't hesitate to call, you can call me as many times as you need.
Patient: What is the correct, uh, phone number? Because it, it's [PHI-Account]. But then I told you it has, it says [PHI-Account].
Nurse: All right. So it's [PHI-Account]
Patient: [PHI-Account].
Nurse: Uh huh. [PHI-Account].
Patient: Ok. I guess the phone didn't hear you very well. Ok. Or
Nurse: Maybe I was talking too fast.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. [PHI-Account]. Ok. Correct. That's right. Ok, I got it. Ok. Yeah. Ok. Uh, my dogs are jumping around every time they hear something and I had, I put on, um, music or something because I'm trying to out the workers downstairs. It's not easy being up everything but good though. Yeah, because we just bought this house in [PHI-Geographic]. I don't know if you know [PHI-Geographic] View. Um, but, um, we just, actually when we first got here we moved, I don't know if you know [PHI-Personal] but, um, we moved to Mon and, um, it was, uh, it was, it was, it was really beautiful inside but it was, um, it was attached, it was a two family house thing, you know. Yeah. Yeah. And uh, but uh, but it was beautiful inside. They redid everything and it was nice but, and it was, it was, it was not 23 bedrooms. It wasn't, you know, it's just my husband and I, but we started hearing the people and then, uh, one bad thing is there smoke and, uh, you could, you could smell the smoke to the ent which you don't even realize you could, it would happen. You know what I mean? Like when we started, so, and now because we don't smoke and it really, it, it really bothered me. And, uh, so we were lucky we stay looking, which was bad, but we started looking like, you know, the pandemic, like 2021 like the house. And, um, we live for months and months, but we finally found this house in [PHI-Geographic] View. And so we moved in, in, um, [PHI-Personal]. So now, um, with the weather getting better, we decided to do some stuff. So, yeah, we need to definitely do kitchen floor. And, um, so I just, well, yeah, we had to get a new road to a New r through the house before we moved in. Um, and it's only like 3.5 hours to [PHI-Geographic], which really, but with the, you don't happen to know someone that watches dogs, do you? I know what expertise, someone that would watch dog. I don't, I don't, it's like, it's, it's hard for us to go because of the job because I don't really know anybody. Um, so I'm lucky my sister and her husband and my son come to visit but you wanna, you know, go to [PHI-Geographic]. But I got to find the right person to, you know, leave them. Right.
Nurse: Are there, would you, um, would you be comfortable ling them or not?
Patient: Well, the only problem is, is, I don't know. Um, I have a couple of years ago we were using the vet for years, uh, in [PHI-Geographic] and, um, doesn't like Ble and neither does Bailey, but he's really upset and they knew that too and it was in the records and, and they even gave us, you know, some medication when to help him ease his, well, we went away to [PHI-Geographic] one weekend a couple of years ago and, um, they had, there was a thunderstorm on Saturday, Sunday night and nobody's there all night. Just, they, you know, they just watch, they come in and anyway, he, he tried to get out and he broke his front tooth. The, um, the big tooth. Oh, no. Yeah, because he tried to get out and he broke it off, like, in half and, and they actually called us and we were driving back and she had to get an operation because I had to pull the whole tooth because the nerve was exposed. It ends up being like $750. Um, but so we can't really, you know, leave him because he just doesn't like to be, he doesn't like, and now I don't think you, you'd be ok in the kennel because he's very, you know, he has anxiety too. Oh, I don't blame
Nurse: Him. The hall. That would be traumatic too to go through that.
Patient: Oh, God. I, and you know what, uh, we couldn't see him when we got home. Uh, it was a, they were closed but I said to the doctor, can we see him? And she said, well, we sedated him because he had, he was getting operated the next day and she said we sedate him for the night. And so they, we couldn't see him but it was, it was very to think he was ok. And then all of a sudden he break him too. Oh, because he was trying to get out because of the, the thunderstorm because he, because when he's at home he, if there's a thunderstorm he's very nervous and he walks around. Yeah. You know what I mean? Because he's because he's very anxious but then you just want to get out. So, but anyway, you know what? We can't him because he just, I don't think he would do well.
Nurse: Yeah. Oh, hey, before I let you go, um, are you, how often are you checking your blood sugars?
Patient: Um, probably every, maybe once a week, maybe, you know, different times, like sometimes after two hours after I eat sometimes in the morning.
Nurse: Has it, what's it been running lately? Like, what was it the last time you checked it?
Patient: Uh, it was about, uh, I think it was [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: And was that in the morning? Was it fasting or was that in the evening?
Patient: That was after two hours, like, at eight in the morning and it was like, maybe lunch time before I ate anything.
Nurse: Oh, good. Ok. It seems like it's pretty controlled then. Wonderful.
Patient: I don't check it that often, but, you know, but I was really good. My, my, uh, a one c went down to 5.8. That's
Nurse: Wonderful. So,
Patient: Yeah, it was like one or something. Yeah, I was, I was happy
Nurse: About that. Yeah. And I mean, you're not taking any type of, uh, insulin or anything. So, you know, that diet diet controlled at this point.
Patient: Yeah. And I do go on my treadmill as much as I can. Um, you know, I don't go fast. In fact, my husband comes up laugh, he goes, don't fall off. Um, because I don't, I, I don't go fast. I walk but, you know, I walk for, like, 45 minutes and, yeah, and
Nurse: That's good. I mean, that's, sometimes walking is almost the best exercise really because it, you got an even pace, you know, you're not killing yourself. I
Patient: Know, even though I do, I do weigh a lot, um, every time I go to doctors I seem to lose at least a or two. So good for you. That's wonderful. I guess. Something to do.
Nurse: Yeah. Well, that's good. Yeah. So, like I said, just diet controlled at this point and, uh, seems like you're doing everything. Right. So,
Patient: Yeah. Yeah, that's great. I really like, she, like, she's so sweet. I really like her. She makes me feel comfortable
Nurse: Good. And that, that, that makes a big difference in your, um, health too. Knowing that you have, you know, a doctor or physician that, that cares about you and someone you get along with, you know.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. Because when we, when we lived in [PHI-Personal] there's a family practice in and that's where I would go. But since we moved here, that would have been too far, but we were lucky there's a family practice like right up the road. So it worked out. I didn't have to move anything. Yeah. Yeah, that's awesome. It really worked out. Good. Good,
Nurse: Good. All right, ma'am. Well, it was a pleasure talking with you. Um, so you won't hear from me again until about [PHI-Personal], but if you need me before then don't hesitate to call.
Patient: Ok, I really appreciate it. Thank you, [PHI-Personal]. You're
Nurse: Welcome. [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Oh, thank you. Thank you. Thanks. Bye bye.
