Nurse: Hello this is N Care manager. How may I help you?
Patient: Hi this is uh Cla Hi. Hi how are you? Alright um I'm try I'm gonna get the the blood work done I have to get my license expired so I have to go up and get it um renewed so I gotta do that Wednesday so I'm gonna go Thursday. Oh ok.
Nurse: All right so the so your ok hold on so that I can uh so your uh your uh your license because is expired is gonna expire so you have to do that first.
Patient: Yeah I gotta get that and I sent paperwork down I haven't received so I was just gonna go up we Wednesday and get it. Oh
Nurse: Ok yeah that should be fine I mean your your appointment with um [PHI-Personal] uh let me see hold on I just wanna get up and make sure I think I think you'll have time to do everything.
Patient: Yeah I don't have appointment until [PHI-Personal]
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. Yeah yeah so then you're fine you're fine as long as you get that blood work before the appointment you know you have plenty of time to do it um Oh, I, yes, so I wouldn't worry about it. Um, and, and she also did put in a new script for your, um, I think you asked for a refill or that you wanted to make sure for your, one of the medications. I don't, just don't remember which one it was. Um, oh, the muscle relaxer. She did place that. Ok. So that is at the pharmacy. So you shouldn't have an issue with that. Ok. All right. So you should, you should be good. Don't, you know, um, take your, just, you know, take care of the, the, the license first. Um, because obviously that's much more important, you know, we don't want you to get a ticket or anything like that or, or any, you know, further complications with, you know, anything that might occur with that. Um, and then the labs, don't worry, um, just get them done as soon as you can, you know, um, before the appointment is, is best. So just so that she has that and she can review everything with you. Ok.
Patient: Ok. I just wanted to let you know.
Nurse: Ok, and, um, your birthday is tomorrow. Yes. Yeah, you're gonna do anything special. Uh,
Patient: Not before I go out to
Nurse: Dinner. Ok. All right. Well, I hope you have a good day. Thank you. Ok. And, you know, just give me a call if you have any other questions. Ok. But don't, don't, uh, don't worry about the labs just as long as you get them done before the appointment, you should be fine. Ok? Alright, you have a good day. You're welcome. Thank you. Bye bye bye.
