Nurse: Chronic care management. How may I help you? Hi. Yeah, I'm trying to reach [PHI-Personal]. Is this? Yeah. Is this, is, this, is, is this the, uh, nursing care management? Yeah. Yeah. Ok. There. So I'm gonna transfer you. She actually just missed your call. She said I gotta talk to. Yeah, I know. II I didn't realize we hadn't talked from for [PHI-Personal]. I left a message yesterday with a bunch of information just in case to cover but, but she said call me back as soon as I could if possible today so we could get things straight. Ok. Ok. Let me transfer you. Ok. Ok. Thought I'd already called her for [PHI-Personal] because I hadn't heard from her. Ok. Ok. Hi, this is [PHI-Personal]. Hey, [PHI-Personal]. Hi. It's [PHI-Personal]. Hi, [PHI-Personal]. How are
Patient: You doing? I got your message. I got all your, all your info. How you doing?
Nurse: The cough is gone. It, it only hits me now if I step out into really cold air outside. Oh, yeah, that, that's just left from the asthma from me getting up acting up. Ok.
Patient: Yeah. Right.
Nurse: That's, that's understandable. All right. Now you have the blood sugars from yesterday. Do you need another set or do you need today's blood? Did you do any today? Oh, yeah, I already did it. Yeah, tell me what it was, it was up. I was, I was having trouble sleeping last night. I was munching during the night. I hang on, I got to get past. The average is now the average is seven day 1. [PHI-Account]. Mhm. Come on 14, day 1, [PHI-Account], 30 day 1 [PHI-Account] and it was 1 46 this morning. Ok. Ok. I know what it was. I was II, I was, I, I was, I was getting up and during the night because ever since October, uh my delayed sleep phase syndrome kicked up again. Um, my darling sister back in, was it late [PHI-Personal] or early October? Uh, she lives in central, uh Florida about [PHI-Account] miles from the beach on the west [PHI-Geographic]. And, uh, she wanted her uh, emotional support for hurricane I, and she didn't care if she called me at 78 o'clock at night when I'm trying to do my sleep hygiene, she screwed it up for days and now I'm fighting to pull it back ever since it's taking time to try because the sleep delayed sleep phase uh uh uh diagnosis was made in the late spring, early summer of [PHI-Personal]. Uh, it, the, the uh, it was given to me courtesy of ex governor [PHI-Geographic] COVID uh, briefings. I made the mistake of watching and listening to them for four or five days in a row back in like the second week of [PHI-Personal] of [PHI-Personal]. And that was it. It did me in understand for my sleep doctor. A lot of people had the same problem at that time. Thank you dear, ex Governor [PHI-Personal]. Excuse me, he needed to go back to school to figure out how to deal with the crisis. It wasn't like terrorizing the population and giving, giving, making, making us even problems. All right. So let's get, so I've been dealing with that on and off ever since if my family doesn't listen and if they will decide to call me in the evening and talk stupidly about something like, let's see. I had to tell my brother you can't do this when he called. He thought he was just gonna call and chat with me. I says it's a little, it's in the evening, Fred. I told you don't call me after about two in the afternoon. If you guys do anything that is, shall we say, talking about uh stressful things in the news and stuff. I don't need it and I need time to like, relax after. Right? No, it was 78 o'clock at night. And he started talking about uh what did they talk about? How many millions of people were killed in the Chinese when the communists took over between 1949 and [PHI-Personal] genocide. Uh mass killings. Hello. This is like 7 38 at night. I'm trying to tell them I've got to get off the phone. Fred. I, what you mean? I can't talk about no, [PHI-Personal]. Ah, hey, we're a bunch of history freaks. But, hello. Come on. Yeah. So, yeah, so I've had to crack down on them and I told them I'm only talking to you about holidays and they're finding out it's not going to be, it's going to be major holidays, not just the minor ones. As one sister said, when I first put it, she called me, we talked for two years and she says, oh, you're going to call me for um, [PHI-Personal] birthday. Mhm. I'm like, oh, I, I'll think about, I said to myself or for my dead body. I'm not calling you all you guys for and drinking r ringing uh long distance bills up because I don't have unlimited. Right. I'm doing this with a landline. I'm not calling you for [PHI-Personal] birthday. [PHI-Personal] Day, President's Day. Uh, first day of spring. Uh Saint Patrick's Day. No, no, no. So you can Imo on me and drop your whatever baggage you want to drop because I have been your mother confessor for gene for decades. Ok. Now change time, reset. So, yeah, I'm trying to reset the sleep, but I've had the sleep study coming up. This is going to call a split sleep study because they want to know why I'm still having trouble with sleep or? Mhm. That the sleep doctor, the split sleep study is the [PHI-Personal]. I gotta call and get the ride for it. We finally got the ride straightened out. Good. I'm glad to hear that they did the, they did a, um, some kind of form for, uh, asking what was it? Uh. Oh, a medical necessity form for MA S Incorporated. That books the rights for the whole state, for all the counties for Medicaid rights. They did the [PHI-Personal] MA s said that wasn't, they needed more. And now they wanted a medical necessity letter and we finally got the medical necessity letter, like late January, early [PHI-Personal]. So now we've got it. All right. So, sleep study is the [PHI-Personal]. Let's see, what else is coming up on the agenda here. I mean, on the schedule, uh, I got my sister [PHI-Personal] birthday here in town on the [PHI-Personal]. Uh, Doctor [PHI-Personal] is the 10th. That's the psychiatrist. Ah, the joys of never take ro, uh, never take Reglan. That got me sick. And I wound up with a psychiatrist.
Patient: Yeah,
Nurse: That's panic, panic attacks. Uh, Agoraphobia. It blew open PTSD. I never had that in my life. Um, generalized anxiety disorder. I never had any mental health problems in my life until that crap. All right. Yeah, that stuff. So, yeah, I've still got [PHI-Personal]. All right. Let's see who else is coming up. Oh ft doctor. I see her on the [PHI-Personal] of [PHI-Personal]. I have a follow up, appoint telephone appointment with the sleep doctors PA on the [PHI-Personal] of [PHI-Personal]. And what else we got here? Ah, follow up the dermatologist, uh, nurse practitioner on the [PHI-Personal] of [PHI-Personal], uh concussion psychologist, the [PHI-Personal] dietitian, the [PHI-Personal]. And the guy that the PA had at [PHI-Geographic] had to send me to the neurologist to have finally have somebody take a look to make sure there's no is, is everything ok. Ok. We found, he found the pa found the bone spurs on xrays, uh [PHI-Personal] of last year, but nobody, he sent the information to [PHI-Geographic]. Neither one of the [PHI-Geographic] doctors would book the MRI to take a look and make sure the spinal cord's. Ok. What kind of shape is it in with the bone spurs? Is it, are they pressing on it? Right. So, information was sent to doctor out near Buffalo. He walked away from it too. So finally, when I had to see the P A to get my uh order for my, in my fallen arches in inserts for the shoes. In late late December, early January, he booked an appointment with uh Doctor [PHI-Personal], a neurologist here in town. Doctor [PHI-Personal] did a, oh, what date was it? Uh Doctor [PHI-Personal] ordered in turns out he's got a three Tesler MRI in his building that he works with. Oh, so he, he ordered a three Tesla MRI of the brain and the cervical and the follow up appointment with him is the [PHI-Personal] of [PHI-Personal]. Good. All right. So we'll get the results on that. Can't be nothing really bad because I would have gotten a call before. Now that, that test. Yeah, that test was done back in January. If I'm not mistaken, we'll flip the page here. Let's see. Hey, [PHI-Personal]. Oh, MRI was the [PHI-Personal] brain and c spine.
Patient: Ok. Yeah, neurology usually will. If there's something major they'll call you. But, you know, any
Nurse: Doctor will. Yeah, if, if they're waiting to wait, I'll wait to the end of [PHI-Personal] to talk to me about it. I know he mentioned something about, he might do an EM MG, I suppose. It depends on what he sees on the pictures. We'll see what he wants to do. All right. So hopefully it won't mean surgery in the near future, right? Um, hey, so getting back, let's see, what else? Um, oh, yeah. Uh, there was a little yellow sticky, the pharmacist, uh, got me aside when I had to go up to the pharmacy back a few weeks ago. And, uh, she, I know she says I have been curious about you and all those adverse reactions and all that medication sensitivity. Right. So, turned out she decided to research it herself and she gave me this little yellow sticky note with the name of something on it. She says you may. She looked at me. She says, first of all, before she gave me the sticky note idea, right? The idea of it. She looked at me and she said, first off, uh do you have any um uh Mediterranean like background, Mediterranean nationality background or Ashkenazi Jewish looked at her. I said, Ashkenazi Jewish. I said my father's mother's family, Ashkenazi Jewish, right? So from [PHI-Geographic], right? So she looked Poland actually, she uh Polish Jewish, she looked at me and she said, OK, well, now I got to go now. OK. That means I have to talk to her about it. OK? Because this is what I'm looking at. She says what I found, she says there's a possibility if you're Jewish heritage or one of those two. She says there's a genetic problem called AC, they call it AC YP 4 50 right? Um She says it affects the, I think it affects something in the liver, maybe the enzymes or something. She says it can either make you, you, it affects how your body breaks down, medicines and chemicals, right? She says it can make you an ulcer processor where you break the stuff down and the meds don't help you as much because your body uh process them and, and puts them out of the body faster than usual. She or you can be a slow processor where the stuff is lingering in your body longer and a higher probably uh than it should be on the blood levels, right? She says, she says if you're positive she's looking at you, she has your history probably slow processor. This is something we need to consider. She says, bring it to your doctor. So I've called just about everybody. I've got. Now that's a prescriber of medication. The only one I haven't talked to about it is the dermatologist and the dermatologist. Uh OK. I'm doing [PHI-Personal] and that, right. So that was the low iron low. That was the question about doctor. Didn't really said that she didn't really go along with it. The low iron and the low d idea. All right. So, um going back, that's the only one I haven't talked about yet that prescribes something, right? Because I'm still doing the [PHI-Personal] in my hair. All right. So, uh and she says, so I started calling people. I left a message at Doctor [PHI-Personal]. I contacted both uh [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Geographic], the d neurologic, both neuro neuro doctors up there, the headache neurologist and the, the sleep neurologist, the sleep doctors, a neurologist, not a pulmonologist, right? Mhm. Uh Contacted Barry [PHI-Personal], my orthopedic pa who prescribed, who took over the tiZANidine. Uh talked left a message, talked to leave a message for [PHI-Personal], my psychiatrist, nurse. I did get one message back so far from somebody did contact me back. That was Doctor [PHI-Personal] and his pa's office, our nurse practitioner's office up there at [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Geographic]. At Neurologic. Mhm. Oh, you're talking about this? This, this is, uh, uh, ac YP 4 50 something. D four. I think the test, their test they mentioned in the note was, oh, that's, we do. That's for, like, uh, antidepressants and stuff. We don't have you on any of those. We don't prescribe that for you. Right. So, they didn't want to do it. She, we prescribed the tiZANidine. Well, excuse me, that's been taken over by Ortho and your uh uh the two herbal headache medicines and the uh Melatonin, right? So I'm like, OK. And I'm saying to myself, OK, looks like it's, it says you need to contact your primary, right? And I'm saying to myself, the primary is gonna wait until Doctor [PHI-Personal] weighs in because [PHI-Personal] is the one that prescribes the clonazePAM and the Zoloft.
Patient: Yeah, I, I'm sure. Right. And she does know about it because I see left her a message here.
Nurse: Yeah. So do doctor Doctor [PHI-Personal] knows about it and Doctor [PHI-Personal] knows about it and I see Doctor [PHI-Personal] on the 10th, we'll see if she'd like to get the blood work done or not. Uh If, if I'm a slow processor, these meds I'm on, if these things are lingering in the body longer than they should. Right. Especially [PHI-Personal]. I wonder if this could be affecting my ability to sleep. It could be sure. That's what the nurse said at [PHI-Geographic], the triage nurse, that's exactly what she said. What you just said. She says it could be. She says, you know, that she says that is, that is a possibility. She said it could be very well. So I'm like, ok, so I'm like, I'm waiting to see if somebody's gonna, and I'm gonna have to cut, also get this message over to Doctor [PHI-Personal] that one. I think we're going to have to do on paper because he said when I saw him, when he ordered that MRI in the neck thing, he's just looking at the thing to make sure that those bone spurs aren't doing something, right? And he says he's, I was telling him about the history. He says, why, why do people, what was the reason that the ambiance MB involved to hit you like that? All that? But he spoke better, right? He says that the uh that you want, you, you talked like a stroke for two years like a broker's aphasia and it was meds because what was the reason for it? I says, oh, there's several ideas out there, right? Uh, let's see, there's the, the concussion psychologist that when she, when I got my speech back that fall of [PHI-Personal], she had been on pregnancy leave the last several months at the very tail end of the whole situation because it went on from like the fall of [PHI-Personal] until the fall of [PHI-Personal]. Right. Uh I think I've told you the story of that stuff. We don't do that, right. But we keep this short. Alright, if possible with me. So this is, but I remember that day I told her I said to some concussion psychologist, uh she thought maybe uh it interacted with the concussions, the old concussions and that was what the pharmacist was thinking. Maybe. Right. Well, I didn't tell him yet. She took her ha she's a very quiet person. She actually banged her hand down on the desk. She said the meds that they one concussion. I, like she says, you can talk. I just smile. I says, yeah, I can talk. She says it's back your speech. I said, yes, it's back. Right? She said, what was it? I said the ambulance and ball that they found out, she says the med and she banged her hand down on a desk and she never does anything like that. She's like a female Mr [PHI-Personal]. I, and she said the nurse practitioner here in the concussion management program is always telling us meds. You have to keep an eye watch the meds. She says, with a person with multiple concussions especially, she says, sometimes you can see things happen, the brain reacts differently to meds than you usually see. Right. So we'll have to put that down a little letter for him like to, ok, there's that possibly. Now there's ac YP 4 50 possibility. Right. And then there's what Doctor [PHI-Personal] said at my first or second appointment with her, a second appointment with her when she was, start trying to start the meds. And she realized, oh, wait a minute, uh, we got to dial back that you're having uh symptoms with the uh 50 mg of Zoloft. We got to dial it back to [PHI-Personal] and the clonazePAM, we're gonna dial that back. You're gonna be able to have, uh, 0.5 a half tablet. First. The first few years through [PHI-Personal], I had uh, three half tablets a day. Then the, uh, panic attacks were decreased and she brought it down to two half tablets that was in like late [PHI-Personal], I think. Right. And that day when she realized she had to dial stuff back, it took, and she had to put me back, dial the Zoloft back to [PHI-Personal] and she had to wait a whole year before she, before she could try to put it up to 50 again before she could pull it off and try it again. Right. She looked at me and she said, whoever said you're sensitive to meds and chemicals, they're right. She says this was Doctor [PHI-Personal] herself in the spring of [PHI-Personal] and she says [PHI-Personal], she said I have to give you a dose like for a [PHI-Personal] year old woman or a cat check. Ok. So, so hopefully doctor said I'll take a look at this thing. I'm like, because, because, hey, I have been on her clonazePAM and that Zoloft since [PHI-Personal] will be [PHI-Personal] years. Right.
Patient: And you know, those meds without having that genetic problem can, can build up in your system. And
Nurse: I'm, yeah, I'm wondering if this is, yeah, I, I don't get the groggy issues now. It's been a few years. Right. I'm wondering, I'm starting to wonder, am I building up a tolerance? Is this contributing to the sleep thing? Yeah, because the papers, they just, you know, those papers they give you from the pharmacy every time you fill a script. Well, they handed me the one for the clonazePAM got filled about a week or so ago. Right? And I've had them sitting there in, I'll say I'll say III I, it's, it's a little tacky but uh I had them on something in my bathroom and every time I sat down, shall we say to use the necessary? I was talking myself into going in through all those little fine print. Uh not so much the fine print, but fighting my way through all the jargon on the, on the, the papers, right? And the top paper of the 23 pages that they gave me was the one for uh controlled substances at the very bottom was in bold print. The things that can happen with addiction or dependence or tolerance, I think number two, number three, every time I sat down all of a sudden it's, it's plunking me in the face and I'm, now I'm paying attention to it and it's saying sleep disturbance and I'm like, I wonder, could this be contributing to the delayed sleep, the, the, the healing of the delayed sleep phase syndrome? Oh, yeah. It's been th it'll, it'll be [PHI-Personal] years in [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Yeah. Hopefully you'll get some answers from
Nurse: That. Yeah. Hopefully she'll do the blood work. Or hopefully, maybe she'll start to start, decide to start dialing back a bit on, on the, one of the, one of the two meds and start the process of dialing the stuff back, for sure. For sure. Ok. Well, I haven't had a, I haven't had a panic attack and I don't know how long I can't even remember. Right. And I haven't had a PTSD episode. I don't know how long I can't remember. Well,
Patient: You know, the sad part is [PHI-Personal] is that sometimes, you know, sometimes you, you don't wanna mess with something that is working. Yeah. Um, for the sake of getting, you know, for your, in your instance, some more sleep at night. I, I hate to say that. Yeah. But it's kind of like, you know, I wish we could have it all, but unfortunately it usually doesn't work that way with medications as you know. Yeah.
Nurse: That was what Doctor [PHI-Personal] said when the eye pressures were going up in [PHI-Account]. And Doctor [PHI-Personal] and the ophthalmologist had given me a message that for that appointment, not a message, it was verbal from both of them that I needed to talk to. Doctor [PHI-Personal]. Uh, both the Topamax and the Sinan can raise eye pressure. My father went blind from glaucoma. Uh, could you move for alternative med? And boy, Doctor [PHI-Personal] was not happy that day in [PHI-Account], I think it was in the summer. He said, you mean, people are talking, just not people moving, taking away something that works. That's he, that's actually working. Mhm. The Topamax and the, the, all right. But you know what? I wonder if the genetic thing had already kicked in one wonders inquiring minds. I get, get a little curious. But, uh, who knows? I'm not going to talk to my family about it. I've talked to my health proxy but I'm not talking to the rest of the family. Unless they do that test and it comes up positive. Then they've got to think about it. Mhm. Yeah. I, after that
Patient: Appointment, if you think of
Nurse: It on the [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. Yeah. I, I'm hoping
Patient: Even if it's the beginning of the next month, you know what I mean? Yeah, because, yeah,
Nurse: Because the sleep study will be done on the [PHI-Personal] and their sleep study at the dent nek ins too also involves a eeg as part of it, as part of, part of the electrodes on you. I would love to have the printed sleep study results in my hands to bring to [PHI-Personal]. Well, you can get that. Yeah, I got to talk to them. The follow up appointment is the [PHI-Personal] and [PHI-Personal] is the [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Uh, I'm going to tell them, uh, I need, ok, I'm getting the results from her that day but I've only got a leeway about four days before I have to see somebody. I'll tell them. Can you send me the results? I won't open them up until after I talk to [PHI-Personal] Young on the phone on the [PHI-Personal]. Ok. I'll just say I need to bring them to somebody.
Patient: Yeah. Very beginning of [PHI-Personal]. And you can, I'll update.
Nurse: Yeah, because, because I'm gonna have to bring this stuff to the concussion psychologist too on the [PHI-Personal]. Anything with the brain she wants to look at? Ok. Uh, [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. And [PHI-Personal] will be curious. I've got to have the, I think he's, he's already sent her whatever the brain thing is probably. And she, and she's, and she's going to need a result of the sleep thing too. What a split sleep study is. I'm not really sure they described with something about they wake you up part way through. Of course, with me, they may not be waking me up. I may be still awake, right? And then you have some, some, some that questionnaire answers you have to do. They have to do questions part way through. Ok. This will be two nights, isn't it? One night, one overnight? 01 overnight.
Patient: I'm looking it up here. It says split night,
Nurse: Their version of the split sleep study is in one night is a one night study and that part way through, they stop it during the night and then they have a bunch of questions for you, I suppose, depending on what they're seeing and some other questions about your, the sleep patterns and stuff that's happening. I suppose that's what I'm guessing. All I know is that all they told me was they stopped you part way through and they got some questions for you. Ok. But we'll see if, if it'll actually be waking up me up to do that or if I'll still be awake. Right? Ok. I'm bringing my, I'm bringing my book, my book that I use during the night to try to finally got me to sleep last night in the middle of the night. You need something nice. Uh Kind of interesting but a little boring and talk. Uh I got a nice, it worked last night, finally got me to sleep after about 2 a.m. after a cup of uh herbal uh Chamomile tea. Uh The co a collection of the radio broadcasts of a famous journalist from [PHI-Personal] to [PHI-Personal]. Hey, I, I was a history major at one time. To me. It's interesting but it's, it's, it's enough. So it'll put you to sleep a bit. The first time he brought, his name was [PHI-Personal]. And the first time his big broadcast was the day [PHI-Personal] was marching into [PHI-Geographic] and he was the one that was broadcasting from, uh, uh, London during the, the air raids and, and he's the one that finally got the country to question, ah, [PHI-Personal] hearings. He was very dry and he could be very elegant in his speech, but sometimes he could be a little blunt and it's a lot of fud from the stuff he is, he nails people, he nails people. There was a, I, I know we gotta get off, you get going. But if you could ever find a copy of this, take a look, Edward R. [PHI-Personal], uh, Search For Light. Uh, it was a collection done after he died. He died, I think about, I don't know it in the mid sixties and this collection is about [PHI-Personal] right? Uh, take a look at the, one of the three way talk that was in the mid late [PHI-Personal] between the president of India, uh, Governor [PHI-Personal] of [PHI-Geographic] and Edward R. [PHI-Personal] were the president of if you were saying you do some of your best writing when prison because he had been in prison during the part when they were fighting to get their independence from the British. Right? And [PHI-Personal] comes up with the crack of, you know, there's someone else who said that his best writing was in, uh, was in prison. His name was Har [PHI-Personal].
Patient: He actually did this, the president, the rule of India. And, well, I was sitting there
Nurse: Fly on the wall. Yeah. Now that's a
Patient: Funny one. Awful. I'm telling you. All right. Take care. I got to go. You too. Talk to you soon.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. I wish things were a little simpler in my life. But you know what, eventually it will be.
Patient: You're managing it though, that eventually
Nurse: It will be. And I'm doing, going out, doing my relaxation walk, my meditation walk. I got to leave pretty soon to go out and do that. That really helps good. And, uh, I have improved so much with the anxiety and the problems with those things that they, that, that mental health has been seeing me for. Mhm. Uh, I think it's the, uh, the walk business, the meditation walk. I started in the fall. It, it helps. Uh, no, no, the therapist, Doctor, Doctor [PHI-Personal], she said you're doing so well. Let's go to ad hoc. You just call me if you have a problem or a question. There you go. No more. 100 and 50 170 bucks a month. Right. Exactly. Let's put it this way. I'm doing fine except for the sleep situation and things are bothering me a lot less than they used to. It's going back to, like I used to be before all this rightfully and, and you know what, ah, I have it in writing. I have my le, my letter, I, the email when I told her I'm gonna try the ad hoc. I'm gonna go for that offer. Right. And I have her response in writing. I'm going to put it in front of Doctor [PHI-Personal]. Then let her take a look at that the day. She's, look, I'm trying to figure out whether to bring it to that appointment and let her just look at, let her next appointment. Let her just deal with the idea of the, the, the genetic right? And if she, I'll bring it with me and if, if she wants to, wants to do the genetic and have a follow up appointment and maybe talk about reducing and how you're gonna handle that. I can bring that out the what the, what's going on with me and the therapist that I'm off her, her, her, off her case right now. That might be something follow up. She'll need to know that anyway. She
Patient: Definitely will. She
Nurse: Definitely will. I am very happy you take care. God bless, take care. God bless. Bye bye. I gotta get out from my
