Nurse: This is [PHI-Personal] Chronic Care Management.
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. Uh, my name is [PHI-Personal], the Knepp. Kepp. And I'm, uh, one of Doctor Haws patients.
Nurse: How are you doing today?
Patient: Not too bad. Uh, I have some problems with arthritis. Ok. And, uh, I talked to the doctor about it and she said, you know, if you, if you need to take some medicine, take some Tylenol and, and use some, some heat, uh, on my hands or some, or some cold packs. And I just, I just, I'm to the point I just can't, I need to do more than just what she suggested. I need a, you know, an appointment to see somebody that can, uh, give me some kind of medicine that'll get rid of this arthritis in my hands.
Nurse: Ok. Let me get caught up on you here. So I'm just pulling up her note from your last visit in [PHI-Personal]. Ok.
Patient: But in my, in my right hand, I've, I've just, uh, I spent almost all day was, you know, either heat packs or cold packs and take Tylenol. And I went and purchased a, a glove. I thought w which whi which helps a little bit, but it's, it's across my knuckles and down into my fingers and I can't do anything with my right hand and it's, it's even starting to come up on my left hand, uh, where it swells a little bit and then my middle finger, uh, I try to bend it and it feels like it just locks and you can't even bend it hardly. Ok.
Nurse: Ok. So I just wrote her a little note here that you've been using the Tylenol and hot and cold packs on your hands daily and still not getting any relief. Uh You would like to proceed with the next step for interventions.
Patient: I've got to get some help.
Nurse: Ok. So I'll see what she says here. Um I'm gonna include her last note too because she did say in that note. Um, but if it doesn't improve, they will proceed with further interventions to figure out what they can do for you. So I've included that note in there. Um, and we'll go from there. So as soon as I hear back from Doctor [PHI-Personal], I'll let you know. Ok.
Patient: Ok, I appreciate
Nurse: It. Ok. Do you have any other questions or concerns?
Patient: No, that's my only interest right now is trying to get rid of some of this arthritis in my right hand where I can do something. Ok. Very, very painful.
Nurse: All right. Oh, I can, I can imagine especially, I mean, it's your hands. You got to use those all the time.
Patient: That's for sure.
Nurse: Ok. Well, just while I have you on the phone, I wanted to explain a little bit about the program since this is the first time that you called in. Mhm. So we have you set as inbound only. You don't want the calls to check in on you. You just wanna call us when you need us, correct? Yes. Ok. Wonderful. So whenever you do call in, my name is [PHI-Personal] and I'm going to be your nurse care manager. So if you've got any medical or health related questions concerns just like this um need refills on your medicines, questions on them, help with appointments, anything at all really related to your overall health or general wellbeing. I'm here for you like your own personal nurse. Mhm. Ok. And then during the first phone call of each year, just whenever the first time you call in a year we send out what's called care plans. So what those are are pretty much like the basic medical milestones that [PHI-Personal] likes their patients to hit. These are not a requirement to stay in the program or stay at your doctor's office. Just more of um talking points. Whenever you go see, Doctor [PHI-Personal], it's things like if you're due for the pneumonia vaccine this year or time for a colonoscopy or certain lab work depending on your history, just those type of things are on there. Um So it's more like whenever you go see doctor if to talk about it. Like, hey, I saw that this was on my list. Is this still something I need to do or am I done with this for now? Ok. All right. Very good. And then I saw that you just saw her about a month ago and any changes to your med list or anything?
Patient: No, this is, this is the only changes. This thing just keeps getting worse and I, and I can't do anything with my hand.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, we definitely need to do something there for you for sure. So, all right. Um, because yeah, usually during the first phone call we like to go over your med list, but since you just went over, it looks like last month, I think we should be ok there if there's haven't been any changes. So we don't have to do that today. Um, now as soon as I hear back from doctor, I'll give you a call and let you know how we're gonna proceed. Ok. Ok. All right, [PHI-Personal]. Well, you take care and I'll be in touch.
Patient: Ok. Thank you very much.
Nurse: Thank you. Bye bye now.
Patient: Bye.
