Nurse: Good afternoon. This is, how may I help
Patient: You? I'm [PHI-Personal]. This is um, hi, [PHI-Personal], how are you? Hi, we're doing ok, thank you. Uh, different stuff. But you know how that always is. I feel very fortunate about no COVID yet.
Nurse: Oh, thank goodness. Right.
Patient: My son and his whole family has had a, it was going around his shop and he said now it's in the shop. It's just like people dropping and people and they don't make them with people. Now, of course, with the change, um, people who do have it and they've taken the test and now I know they have, it are supposed to still go into work and that's why. Yeah, it is stupid and it tastes like that. My goodness. Anyway, we would like to my husband and I would like to come in and have our COVID boosters and shots. Ok. They can make an appointment. Let
Nurse: Me see. I don't do the appointments yet for them. Um, I have to make sure do, trying to think. I sent a message on somebody today. I wanna just see. Yeah, there was somebody who needed it and I think, wait, where am I here?
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: Nope. Yeah, the boosters are really good. I actually, I just got mine on Thursday last Thursday. Yeah. I had no problems with it. It was great. Yeah. I might have had a little fatigue but nothing really, nothing that I noticed, you know, nothing as bad
Patient: As getting sick.
Nurse: Yeah. Oh, definitely. Because we had it this summer and we had to get it. There was no, no cancer
Patient: When he have had something. Now, my son and his whole family had their boosters and everything. But he, he was the one that had all the lung issues the most, um, from the time of the baby and, oh, he was, he was so sick for a while. Yeah. But, uh, if he hadn't had it, you know, he knows he could have been a donor. So, and then it went through the family, of course, everybody's doing well now.
Nurse: Well, thank goodness. Yeah. Let me, yeah, let me message, um, let me message one of the girls in the office and just see if they're scheduling. I know that, that we have both of them and we have been giving both of them out. Um, I'm just not sure 100% if it's scheduled just on one day or another day. Um, and I didn't get a message back from the girls regarding that other patient that I had sent the request on. So I know it's getting done, but I just don't know, um, what their times are and their dates otherwise I would definitely schedule it for and they
Patient: Did the, um, is it the valent they're doing? Yep.
Nurse: Yep. So you can get, excuse me, you can get the Omicron variant, which is also called the Bivalent, um, in the medical field. The two. So it's, um, it's only moderna and pfizer that produce it, but it's the, it's the MRN A, um, strand. So the messenger that sends the, it, like the genetic map of the COVID. Um, it's the original genetic mapping of the first strain that came out and now the second this Omicron variant. Um, so you get one shot but it's, and it's actually a smaller dose, I think now. But, um, just one dose in your arm and that's it.
Patient: Oh, that's good.
Nurse: Yeah. And you get, usually you get, um, you can get if you wanted it. Yeah. Like you could get the two, the dead and strain of the flu. So, the flu vaccine in one arm and the COVID in the other or you can space them out as you need them. I know that they, like, if you come into the office they'll probably just want, they'll wanna give you the two and, and, you know, for time management.
Patient: Right. Right. Right. Um, and do you have to have it, the one you had before? Like we had the moderna, does that make a difference or is it pfizer? Moderna. It
Nurse: Doesn't, you can do, you can mix and match those too because they're, they're the pretty much the same thing. Um, yeah, there's like no basic, yeah. Yeah, you can mix and match them, but the only thing they will tell you is like the, they prefer you to get, like, if you got Moderna, then stick with Moderna. If you got pfizer, then stick with pfizer. Um, but it's not going to have an impact on you whether you get the um either one as a booster because they're the same thing. But the doctor's offices, I know that we do like to keep them though. Um Like if you had one, then we, we like to see you get the, the same one. So we try to keep it the same.
Patient: Right. That makes sense. Right.
Nurse: Yeah.
Patient: So I will give you, I know we're going to be having some appointments coming up. Yeah, I do have one coming up for the neuro surgeon too. Oh, go ahead. So I'm kind of glad about that. Oh,
Nurse: Yeah, definitely. So,
Patient: Other than working around those and hopefully having us a couple days ahead just in case.
Nurse: Exactly. Right. Prepare yourself never a bad thing to be prepared. I have a
Patient: Bone scan on, on the [PHI-Personal]. Oh, they infuse and do that stuff too. So, and then um two days later I'll have my first day neuro surgeon again. Ok, after all these years. So it's like you start over again.
Nurse: Oh, gosh.
Patient: But that's ok. You know, at least she's got some record I imagine of what he did and, and, um, you know, make him more, um, in tune with where he wants to, what he needs to do. Yeah. Absolutely. We'll find out it'll be an interesting 10, definitely. Definitely. But yes, we will get this figured out and hopefully get a bunch of these things done and not have to go through the COVID on top of it.
Nurse: So. Oh, definitely. Yeah, you definitely don't want that. It puts, it puts everything off. There's always like a, I don't even wanna say, but like if you, if you do start ii, I hate to tell you this because I don't, I, it's terrible to say. But, um, there's been a couple of times, like when I saw my doctor, um, so far where, you know, I had a bit of a runny nose but I would not tell them because I knew that they were gonna switch you over to a telehealth and it would delay the process further. So I said, no, everything's good. Everything's good. And luckily it, that's all it was, was a runny nose. But, you know, that's
Patient: Good. Yeah. Yeah. And, and just, you know, I don't know if it's, there's a difference with the, the gi and allergy issues this year, but just the way it's been, I tell people that that's all they had and my husband was having that too. It's just like crazy and it was like he kept thinking I must be coming down with something. I must be coming down with something but all it was, it's just stayed that. So I figured it probably was allergy oriented and it's not as bad now as it was before. So it probably was, and it's a little bit different situation right now with the allergies. So must have been terrible for people with a lot of allergies cause he's never had that, you know. Oh, yeah,
Nurse: Definitely, definitely. Yeah, my husband, he doesn't really have, uh, he doesn't have a history of allergies but, um, they, they hit him like the allergy season seemed to hit him to this year. Um, pretty, pretty nasty. So the poor thing, he's always, he's been sick for the past probably three
Patient: Weeks. Oh,
Nurse: And it's nothing, you know, like it's not anything. No, no, it's weird. It's very weird. So, yeah, he's tried
Patient: The usual allergies, you know, like with the people with, uh, oh, what they call hay fever, the type of things that are going around then. Um, oh,
Nurse: But yeah, just seasonal allergies
Patient: Is what we call them. But they, there's also, you're gonna have the mold with leaves and all that kind of stuff, but it's just how it's, we've had the weather and we've had marvelous weather for us. Oh, yeah. So many sunny days and going into the fall and the change and people around us had terrible. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I, I can't complain at all, you know? But, uh, people with lots of those tendencies, I have chemical sensitivity. Um, but I don't have any natural allergies that I know of. Oh, so that I don't even go through this, you know, like other people do and some in my family do even. Right. Um, I just don't have any trouble with the animals or the plants and all this type of thing so that I'm very, very fortunate that way. Yeah.
Nurse: Oh, yeah, definitely. Well, there's some people that have to carry around an EpiPen in the summer because of the bee allergies that they experience and my
Patient: Son has to. Yeah. Yeah, I got a son that and I do carry an EpiPen but it's because of the possibility of other things triggering it, the chemical, but I had to use it. So I know what that's like, but it, my son had it a crown base, um, that got him when he was, you know, just bend over to pick something up a ball or something that went into the bushes and, uh, we happened to be going away that weekend. And so, you know, I did all the usual to try to, you know, block that, the antihistamine and all this type of thing. And he was pretty young then. But boy, that trip was horrendous because, oh, yeah, it took 32 to 3 hours. When he was at the hospital they took the hospital and, uh, he had to have five shots. Oh, my God, the poor kid. And then when we went on the trip, only because it's been planned for so long, um, I was up every 3 to 4 hours to give him medication or it would, you know, you'd see it just climbing up his arm and it's swelling up. I had ice on it all the time. What, um, excitement. So, we learned from that very quickly. Absolutely. He was gonna need, have more than that if he had problems in the future. And so he's had a couple of things where he didn't even know what he was. He was in [PHI-Geographic] for a while. Yeah. Um, and had, uh, he doesn't even know what they got. He got stung by, it was possibly a spider poison spider or, uh, oh, my God. A, you know, could have been a scorpion or something. They had spent the last night the whole group at, um, a beach and they had gone and got wood and, you know, piled it up to have a fire and that's when he got bit. But by the next day he was, he said, I thought I was gonna die. Mom there at the airport. They couldn't get to any hospitals because they wouldn't have proper treatment. And they, they, uh, he was laying on the floor at the hospital or at the airport the whole time and just profusely sweating and just, you know, just, he really thought he was going to die and everything hurt. Yeah. So, um, he could barely walk, he could, you know, they drive him around, got him home and then got him in and got him treated. But it was like, of course she doesn't tell me about any of this until it's over. Oh, yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. No. Don't tell mom, don't tell
Patient: Mom. Mm. Mm. It's like, yeah, you have to carry that. Remember that? You know, don't ever forget it. So, I think he's more careful now. But, yeah, he's, and he's been on Anaphylaxis once and that was with an infection from a mosquito bite.
Nurse: Oh. So it seems like he's sensitive to a lot of, like
Patient: Insects. Yeah. Definitely. Definitely. And he did go into anaphylaxis and had knew he was, something was going really wrong and started to back out and he called a friend that was real nearby and they rushed him in and he was in the hospital for a while for a number of days because of that. So, and they had to cut out a hole, chunk of, uh, the area too to have it because of, of how it had spread and damage them. So, yeah, it's, it's nothing to sneeze at, when you have to, you've got a really serious allergy. Absolutely nothing to see that. I didn't realize I, you No, that's
Nurse: Ok. Quite
Patient: All right. Well, you let us know.
Nurse: Yes, I will. I haven't heard back but I will. Mhm. Um, yeah, give me, give me a day, um, at the longest, you know, if I don't call you back by tomorrow, you know, afternoon, um, give me a call back. But I have you on the list now that, um, I be, I be in my radar so I won't let you fall through the cracks there.
Patient: Ok? I appreciate it for both of a
Nurse: You're not old. You are aging like a fine wine.
Patient: I am [PHI-Personal]. Yeah,
Nurse: There you go. Exactly.
Patient: All right. You're welcome. You're welcome. I hope your husband feels pretty good pretty soon. Thank you. This every year lately has been very strange, so hard to know exactly what but you. Oh, thank
Nurse: You. Thank you. I'll keep
Patient: You posted. Ok? Thank you so much, Pamela. You're welcome. Have a good day. Oh, you too. Will do. Alright. Bye bye.
