Nurse: Hello, this is
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. Yes, [PHI-Personal]. I'm sorry,
Nurse: I tried to, uh, or something transfer you and I think, um, we got disconnected. Hold on one
Patient: Second. Ok. With phones?
Nurse: Ok, hold on just a second.
Patient: It's not an EMG just, um, I just wanted to, to talk to, uh, uh, she can call me here if she wants. Uh, as long as I kinda know, I do have some errands. I've got a run. Ok. Um, she wanna miss her call. I
Nurse: Can, I can transfer you. Um, she's expecting
Patient: It and see what happen.
Nurse: This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hello, [PHI-Personal]. Yes, this is [PHI-Personal]. Hi. Hi. I, I hate to bother you but anyway, I, yesterday I had a meeting with, uh, doctor. I think that's how you pronounce it. The neurologist about my stroke. Ok. Uh, and you will get the information or eventually you will get it. I don't know where exactly if I'll send it to doctor [PHI-Personal] and then you get it that way or how. But she wants, um, she did some tests. I am gonna have an Mr A MRI done [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Um, she also would like me depending on the cost and that's what I told her. Uh she wants me to, wants me to stop using Xarelto and the baby Aspirin. She wants to would like me to start taking. But I um Pradax, [PHI-Geographic],
Nurse: [PHI-Geographic].
Patient: Yes. Ok. Um but you know what? I just filled Xarelto. Oh, maybe a month now I always get a 90 day supply. So I said to her, I said, well, what are we gonna do? You know? I hate to, I, I'm always afraid of this. Uh, you, you get refills and stuff and then things get changed and what do you do with you? You know, you spend the money on those pills and you got half of them there. So what do you do? Just them away? So anyway, she said if [PHI-Geographic], she quoted a price she thought would be $75. Now for Xarelto, I'm paying 62 50. That's my cost. Ok. Um, but I looked, now this is an older book. It was 2020 from [PHI-Geographic] and it was according to that, it says T four uh prescription and I get it through the mail through, um Express Kits. According to that, it was 100 and $37.50. 0, no. Yeah. Well, that's what I thought. And I thought, uh, she said if it's too high, then just continue, continue with your Xarelto. And that's what I mean. She said this, uh, this other drug is a better one. But I know when we set this up a couple of years ago, they uh doctor as well as I forget who the other doctor was. Um they had thought Xarelto would be better for me. But her concern was, well, it didn't work, did it because you had a stroke. I said, well, I know I only missed, she said, did you miss I said I only missed one day and that was a couple of months ago. So Doctor [PHI-Personal] said, well, really that should not have and for you know, cause that um she also said um so anyway, I said, well, I I forgot to that I have to. I'm well that you're my go go. Now my words are gonna get, that's ok.
Nurse: That's ok. Calm down. Um
Patient: Yeah, so anyway, I thought I wanted to get a hold of you and run this by you.
Nurse: Would you like me to call High [PHI-Personal] today and see what the actual cost is
Patient: Going to be for you? But I also wanted to tell you express scripts called me the other day and two of my re uh pills are gonna be refilled because I had refills on them. The Metro. I'm not very good at some of these. Yes, that and also the simvastatin and also needs refilled, but they wanted to clear it through or through family practice before they sent that. So those three have been uh are in the process of being refilled. I didn't go with any of because I talked to doctor about this. They were always questioning me about automatic refills. Well, I don't like doing that, especially for this reason. If, if I get changed or God forbid I die tomorrow, then my son is gonna get stuck with pills. What's he gonna do with them? So I would rather just do it and call it in as we need them.
Nurse: Ok, I do see your digoxin was reordered yesterday.
Patient: Ok. Ok. But I wanted to let you know because I know you, you and I have to work together so I left in the dark of anything. Um, so I
Nurse: Will call High [PHI-Personal], uh, see what the cost is and then get back with you and decide from there. It's gonna
Patient: Be much. I would rather see, I won't see her again until probably [PHI-Personal]. I think she said [PHI-Personal] 6th or something like that. So, um, but I do have the Mr scheduled on the 16th. Ok. And she said they will be, be sending you all that information or sending, um, family practice to. So you will get it. It just, I don't know when you'll get it, but
Nurse: I don't see anything in there yet today, but hopefully maybe today they'll upload the note from yesterday's ok. Um,
Patient: Well, I feel better since I got a hold, I was going, I have some errands to run and I try, I was, I wanted to in case you try to call here because I don't know, I'm in and out. Sometimes I also have to take care of my mother, but now she's in the nursing home. So that's kind of squared, which I also wanna let doctor know that, uh, as of the first of [PHI-Personal], she is in River Woods. Oh, ok. So that relieves me with a little of kind of, ok.
Nurse: What's, what is your neurologist's name? Just so I can.
Patient: [PHI-Personal] a hlum. Ok. She seems very, very nice. Um, ok. Uh, but she said I wanted to get an MRI done so that we can actually see how much damage is up there in the, in, in the brain. Ok.
Nurse: So I think that's a good start.
Patient: I do too because I asked doctor, he said, well, there is a spot there. He said that is what is affecting your speech. And so, you know, pretty much, we just have to wait and see what happens. I said, yeah. Is this repairable? She said sometimes it does repair it. It, it, it gets better sometimes it doesn't, I'm not going, I'm not going to tell you it's going to because I don't know until we see what the Mr shows us. Um, and that stuff. So,
Nurse: Ok, I'm gonna go into a meeting just for a little bit and once I get out of that meeting, I will contact High [PHI-Personal]
Patient: And we, I'll tell you what if it works later in the day because I'm gonna do some running around. I was gonna do it now, but the roads are a little icy because we had that last night and I don't wanna be out on the road, not in the ice. I don't have to be, it's not a big, you know. So
Nurse: If I miss you, I'll leave you. Get back to me. Yes. If I miss you, I'll leave a message and then you can call me back. Ok. Ok. All right, thanks [PHI-Personal]. I'll get back with you today.
Patient: Ok, thank you. Alright, thank
Nurse: You. Mhm. Bye bye bye bye.
