Nurse: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal]. Good evening. Hey, [PHI-Personal]. How are you? Did you, did you call me? Yeah, I was calling to check in and see how you're doing.
Patient: Oh, I was, I just went to, and I looked at this general and I kept on going. How many people have called me today? Oh, yeah. No, I had, I had the other girl, she called me, uh, about my little bit because she gave me another appointment that she wanted me to have. I said, oh, ok. I didn't know. So, now I look at it and I go, now, what did I do wrong? Now? Somebody's calling me again. Fine. Yeah. No problem.
Nurse: Yeah.
Patient: Yeah. Uh, she just, uh, I think she just gave me another day for my therapy, you know, I see her sometime I get, yeah, I'm fine. You know. But I have my, my good days, my bad days and no, I don't have any problem just with my arthritis, you know, everything else is fine.
Nurse: Right. Um, can't do
Patient: Anything about arthritis. That is, uh, you know, unfortunately it, nothing. Yeah, there's nothing you can do. There's no cure for it. Yeah. So, but I pretty soon I go, I have an appointment to see Doctor [PHI-Personal] and, uh, the, the talk to the nurse or something. I saw that in my schedule. Let see. So, yeah. Yeah. Then my daughter went to do her physical therapy cause Doctor [PHI-Personal] told her to go and, uh, she had her first one today. How'd that go for her? Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, they told her that. Uh, well, I did talk to my daughter and she said sitting down is not good. She sits down too much and that's so that they told her what she had to do. And I told my daughter it's like anything else. Too much of anything is that you sit all day and you doing, I've been telling you, you gotta get up and so you gotta walk more, you know, if she is working because she gets involved with that computer working and she don't wanna get off, you know, and you do, you do have to get, yeah. And, uh, and then, uh, she was why she had that and her bone terrible. I said that's from sitting too much. He said it's nothing really bad, bad. But that's the reason you said. And my daughter says now, I know why I says now. So she just gotta change her, you know, it's like it, like when you walk too much it's bad. If, uh, in her, in her case told her, he said you just work too much. She's, but the only time she got a reli is when she was in the hospital because of her, I was the one that acid in her stomach and they had to give her some medication. She's better about that now. But, uh, if she wouldn't and guess she wouldn't have got off of the chair. She didn't go to the hospital. Yeah. But I never thought it could make it so. Oh, she was so sick, nauseated all the time. You can't talk to people when you're nauseated. And that's all she does all day. And so, yeah. So, but she's, she's much, much, much better. Yeah. Ok. And I, you calling about me? I'm talking about my, no, I'm fine. You know, I have my good days and I have my bad days. But, you know that the, that's ri, and there's nothing you can do. I wish they would, they would, uh, how do you call it? Find something not to cure but just to make you feel better, you know?
Nurse: Right.
Patient: Right. Yeah. And, you know, I did, I see doctor, I wanna ask her once I asked her that I found out from the LA and she was going to [PHI-Personal] and Doctor [PHI-Personal] told me. Yeah. But it's too new. Something to do with all the weather, but it has to do with your blood. I don't know what it is. I can't remember. I remember telling about. She says, yeah, I know what you're talking to. I said, but it's too new, this lady knew about it and they told her and she was. Yeah. And, uh, but it's, they have too many new, you know, I guess they have to check it out, I guess when they have new stuff. But there's no good for arthritis. I wish it would be some relief that we could get, you know, because my problem is especially at night, my legs, you know, I feel like they're tight and this and that. But, uh, she checked my measurements at the therapy and she said I've gotten better and my legs are stronger and, uh, there's just certain things I can't do, you know. And then, uh, if it wasn't for that, uh, if it was, if it, if it wasn't for my arthritis, I would be a, almost 100 but it's just my arthritis, you know, it just hurts sometime, especially at night. That's my worst time, you know. Uh, that's my leg and there's, there's nothing, there's nothing, there's no cure for that. So, not even a little bit better. All the new medication they have now that it upsets me because I see the guy and then they'll tell you how good it is and right after they finish, they tell you all the side effects, why do I wanna take something that's gonna give me, I might get cancer. My tongue might swell up. I'm gonna get TB, it don't make sense to me. You know. Uh, and, and, and it just doesn't make sense why you wanna make a pill. They might give you all this. I had one person tell me this and I looked at her and I said, well, guess what, she tell me it doesn't happen to everybody. They, yeah, but I don't wanna take the chance. You don't know. Right. I mean, that's crazy. Yeah. And I had a, I had somebody in the medical field tell me that and I just looked at her and I said, well, guess what? I don't wanna be one of them. I don't wanna take the chance that it might be one of them might get cancer. I might get TB, well, guess what? I don't want nothing. I'm not taking out of that stuff, but it's like a pain pill. You can't take too much because it's not good for you either. And if you don't take a certain one then you hurt most of the time. It tell me if it's not inflammation and if you, if you can reduce your inflammation, you would feel much better. Right? I could tell when I take certain it's for inflammation. I take it and I feel better but I also know that you can't take it all the time. So, you, you, you, you know, so, so, and I've been trying to search Google what is natural for just an inflammation to reduce. Yeah, that's the main thing, if you're gonna reduce your information, I would be a lot better. There's really nothing, you know, there's really nothing because it's like anything else. Too much of anything is bad for you. Right. So, I'm up the tree. Yeah, that, I know I'm not a medical person. There's nothing. And I have noticed that if you take too much of anything it either gonna affect your liver. 00, no, I will use of the term is because if you take too much that could give you a stroke, it's supposed to be very good for you. But you don't know. And that's just some, uh, you know, they recommend that a lot. And, uh, I just don't know. I just wish, I wish somebody would invent something. It will reduce inflammation but not, not bad side effects. Maybe a headache, a stomach ache, diarrhea but nothing like cancer. TB. You know, that,
Nurse: That you like a steroid injection or anything for your arthritis?
Patient: 00, yeah. I had, I had my knee drained and he did when he pull out the liquid. Oh, yeah, it helped. But I also know that you can't be doing that all the time either. Ok. And what I need is something for the whole body. Reduce the, the pill that you can reduce information. But I also know you can't, you can't have drain your leg all the time. I mean, it's not good. You do exercise to dissolve that water in your whatever. Like my, you know, I can tell when it, but the exercise is supposed to help you to, you know, make it moving. So you don't have to be. And it isn't bad when they do it. The drain I had never done. I was kind of when it was gonna happen, they took it out and then he put this in there and it was fine. I have no problem. The trouble is that you can't do that all the time and you have arthritis for the rest of your life. There's nothing that you can really, that it won't hurt your body that you can take. I read a lot. I Google a lot. I, when I go to the doctor ask me questions, once you got arthritis, you're messed up. You know, they haven't invented something that would help, you know, without hurting your body. It's something that it's not gonna mess your, it's not gonna get any disease. You can't do that. There's nothing and that's terrible. I wish it was like my legs when I'm laying down. That's when I feel also, you know what? I feel? Breath. I wanna ask you. Maybe you may know. I, I told uh my therapist, I said, why is it if I have feeling if you, if I pinch myself on the leg or I, I feel, but I feel like my skin, the sensation is different. And she told me about uh it could be the nerves or something. Well, you know, I did go to one and I didn't hear anything, maybe talk to me when I see her. Uh, he said my numbers were high. He says, but that means good. That means my nerves are ok. But when it came to my back where I have that disc problem, he went, oh, I can notice it. This right there is where I have the disc. He says that he could notice straight out. He says, well, I haven't got all the numbers but your numbers are very high on your legs. So that tells me my nerves are not that bad in my legs, right? Mm
Nurse: I mean, I'm not really, I mean, what, what did he say? The test said? He said they weren't that bad.
Patient: Yeah, my uh my nerves, the, the numbers were high. Now I went to one over here. He's uh, he's from the Philippines and he says I'll send the results to doctor [PHI-Personal] and I never heard from doctor. So I figure it's not that bad. It can, it gets bad when it gets up my spine. The noise he could tell. He said now there, he said that way. So well, that's where I have the disc, you know, that's hitting the nerve that he could tell. But when he did my leg and everything, he said my numbers were high. So I guess when your numbers are high, it means that it's, it's good.
Nurse: Well, then that's good. I,
Patient: I mean, but I never heard anything. Doctor [PHI-Personal] never called me anything about the, what do you call those doctors for the nerve, you know, to check your nerves out? The, our neurologist? Uh-huh. Yeah, I went to one, two or three weeks ago. I wanted to, you don't have any results from that.
Nurse: I don't see anything in here. Oh, yes, I do have it in here. Yeah, it is scanned in. We do have it.
Patient: Ok. Was that wrong? What you said or what?
Nurse: No, you were right. No, you were right.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. And that, and that, that's why sometimes I feel I have feelings and, uh, I mean, I get, but I feel like my skin has a different, uh, same shape in the bottom of my feet. Sensation like the, the, the skin is like it's thick or heavy, you know? I don't know, maybe that's arthritis. I've never heard of that. That why do my leg now when I get up and start walking? I don't have that feeling. Only when I'm laying down. Does it make sense to you? I don't know. I don't know. I know one thing I never had that, that, that, that's something, you know, the past six months probably that I noticed that my, uh, the sensation in my skin, that's why I thought it was maybe my nerves but it doesn't, uh, for what I, if I understood the doctor. He said my numbers were high. But that mean, that was good. The only time that he said something when, when he got to my spine where I have that disc problem hitting that nerve. That's the one he said. Oh, yeah, I can. This one. Yeah, that, he knew that one and then I couldn't find his office and you're gonna laugh. Now, I told him, I told somebody I couldn't find it because the way their office is set and it's close to my house is not really the downtown. I couldn't, it looks like it's the back of a, a building where, where it is, you gotta go park and then you see the name of the doctors and after he was lying down we were laughing. He said, I went through all this anxiety. I'm trying to find you and now you're gonna, I elect to kill me with this brother. He was laughing every time he would touch me and said, now I'm getting electrocuted. Yeah, he was very nice. It was from the Philippines. He was very nice. Yeah. Good. Yeah. His office is kind of weird. It doesn't have, like if it's in the front you have to go around and I couldn't find him. It was because it's a little parking and you really have to go in and then you see the small door with the name on it, but you really have to know that you have to park in there and you see the name, it doesn't look like, you know, an office in the front, like towards the back and I had a hard time with, well, so finally there was no problem. So, but that's all I know. And you said you're looking at it and it was ok until he got to my spine. That's when he noticed that, uh, I even heard the noise, the noise was different as soon as he, you know.
Nurse: Huh. Interesting. I've never had one of those tests. I never seen one done. No, no,
Patient: Me either. No, he just that they put something in your leg like the, and he will go and both all, both my legs on the bottom, on the side, everything he did it and all the way and then when he got to my spine, then you know what's wrong with my spine? I have that disc there hitting that nerve that even the, no, I, I'm not a doctor but I could see, I could hear it. The noise. That's what we said. Oh, this one is really, he said, yeah, that's what the, the I have the disc is touching that nerve and I have problems. I talked to my therapist about that and she said, talk to doctor [PHI-Personal] about that and see what, you know, when my, I have the sensation in my legs, my skin a lot is different, you know. And, uh, I, I always thought it was nerds. Really? I, I thought it was but for what, what he told me and if I understood right on my legs, they were fine. Hm. So, I'm just falling apart. That's it. No, nothing else to say. I'm just falling a, uh, I know I never had that before and I have it now. I, all I can think is about the right, I don't know. Right. Information. You know. So, I don't know. I'm talking too much and you're busy.
Nurse: No, you're good. Do you need any, um, anything else from me today?
Patient: No, no, that was it. I'm doing, doing fine. Like I said, she took my measurements, she said I was doing better.
Nurse: Good, good. You know
Patient: How to take the measurements. Pull your leg this way, that way and said my legs are strong. Um, it's just the arthritis, you know, uh it, uh, you, you got your good days and you got your bad days, you know. Right. And then if there was something to reduce inflammation, that would be wonderful because that, that's mostly my problem. But there's really, there's really nothing. I mean, you can't take certain things but you live, you live, you don't wanna be taking it every day. It's not good. I know it's not good. Right. Yeah. You take the inflammation, you mess your liver up
Nurse: In your stomach, part of your belly.
Patient: Yeah. You know, and that's, that's the problem. So I, like I can you know, I control it. I got that. I only take it when I really need to. But if I don't take something when I'm really hurting, I can't hold one then. That's right. Information now. So I still try to Google and find out if there's any remedy natural. That is good for your body. Right. That's, I hate to say it but there's really nothing really. No, no, no, that's not. You got a machine that I can stick my whole body, then I can stick my whole body and redo my whole body. That's where you go. Yeah, but I understand how people get when they're in pain. My son has the same that he was from a car accident. Ok? And he's going through heck, I wish he could see how he suffers. You know, I don't know how he does it. I don't know how he does. I know I'm telling you he's had a dream not once several and he's got a screw in there and he's younger than I am. He travels. He says when he gets out of the car, he feels like 100 and 60 years old. You know what he does? He carries people, he rents, you know what said Uber? Uber is, am I saying that correct? Yeah. Yeah, that's what he does. I mean, he would, you know how people don't wanna work. He is, he's, he uh he's, he doesn't like to be broke. He doesn't like to be sick and, uh, nothing. And he said one, you know, I don't know if I told you, I know I'm talking too much but he, when he, he got separated from his wife and he came out to the front and all he did was stretched out with his hand up. He, he found it. He went to, he just went down and he says when he got up now this is personal, but it'll make no difference. His wife didn't even get out of the chair if I see any stranger at least call 911, right? She just, she just left him there until he got up by himself. Oh, good enough. He said when he got up, he saw her. He says, he said, I didn't wanna see. He don't tell me nothing because he, I might be cripple and everything. But II I can't stand for somebody to do that. That he knows my and I, he said I don't wanna tell you, but this is what I said. But my God that she hate you that much. She left you on the floor. Didn't even call 911 to see what happened to you. She says, no, she just left me there until I got up by myself.
Nurse: Oh my.
Patient: Yeah. And, uh, I know you can have, you don't get alarm but when somebody sick, the story changes, you know what I mean? At least call 911 is. Why did he fall? He said he did. He didn't, uh, he was tell all my BP goes. No, when your BP goes up, you don't faint only when it goes down. Am I correct? Oh,
Nurse: Sometimes people can faint when it goes up too.
Patient: It was up to. Ok, because he takes care of himself. I'm very surprised because, uh, he hates being sick but he knows what to eat, not to eat. And he may, you know, he's pretty good at taking care of himself. He just turned a diabetic and he, he's like [PHI-Personal] now. I think he was in his [PHI-Personal]. He wasn't a diabetic. He just turned a diabetic. So I, and I, but I noticed now he's, well, his, his father left him a little house there. It's a small house and he's there. And, um, and I was watching him and I looked, and I, I told my daughter he's lost weight. You can even tell in his hands he's lost weight. He couldn't work for, I don't know, maybe a week he had an ice pack in his knee. He said he was really swelled up. Oh, good enough. Right. And he won't go to the doctor. He just, I said, how about your insurance? Is, I don't know if she took me off or not because she had him and his insurance. So, I don't know. I don't know. And he just hates asking for help from anybody. Ok. That's what he doesn't like getting help from the government or anything that you gotta tell your life story about everything to get help. He just refuses. He won't go. No. Uh, that's the way he's very, you know, but he works like heck, and he says sometimes I feel like 100 and 60 years old. Uh huh. Somebody told him why are you rubbing your leg? Because he said, because I have inflammation in my knee and they don't, they don't have nothing else. Hm. Yeah, he rubs his leg, you know, and he's in pain. I know he's in pain. You got, you got, he's got a, I don't have nothing in my knees. He's got a screw in his knee. Oh, goodness. And you know how it is. I'm not a doctor but when you're young you can tolerate everything. As you get older, your bones are not the same anymore. They just not. Is that the way life is right? Because I remember when I hurt my ankle, it, uh, I fractured it and it took care of it, but it took me two years to not feel tender in that, in that ankle. If I just step on something, you know how sometimes you step on something and, and that you might be unbalanced. You know, like I have this big roots in my yard. I, I could feel it. It took me two years for that to go away the bones are not the same as you get older. You know what I mean? I remember I was ok but I noticed that when I step something uneven, I can feel my, my ankle would hurt. But like everybody says, when you get older, it's not the same anymore. Well, he's in his [PHI-Personal] he's a strong guy. But when you and he was, this guy ran this stuff and messed his legs up and one of the knees are very bad. Well, when you're young you can take everything when you, as you get older, forget it. Right. Unless make a leg. The, you remember the nic man? Ok. That's, that's the only thing. Oh, I, I feel bad for him. He, he really, really? And I, I noticed when I was talking to him he has lost so much weight and, you know, you can't tell him, uh, you know, but I, I tell everybody, those people healthy that they don't want to work and him he's on and he said he's there trying to pull, yeah. Do his part. Save a little money, take care of his cat, you know. And, um, he just does not like to be, he does not like to be sick. He hates it.
Nurse: Right? Nobody likes sick, I don't think.
Patient: Oh, no, no, he doesn't want to. When he hurt his knee in that accident, they wanted to take him in the ambulance and he said no, and you have to go. And the other one said, let me talk to him. Do you know? All he had was a little tear in his pants and he ended up both legs and cast up to his thigh. Oh, wow. That's how bad. That's how bad he was. Yeah, because the guy hit him in one of those station wagon, he ran the stuff. So I hit him and the car went, like, down this way and then went down the other way and there was a big ditch at a deep one. And that made him hit him hard. You know, once they hit that dish and my, his stepfather was with him and he swallowed his tongue and he stuck his finger and took out his tongue out. He almost beat his finger off. Uh, lucky that his stepfather was right behind him because he would have, he could have suffocated with the tongue. You know what I mean? Uh huh. Yeah. I never know from my impact that you can swallow your tongue. You can. Yeah, that guy hit him. So, yeah, he, that guy, that car hit him so hard. Oh, my goodness. Yeah. And he was young. He was young that [PHI-Personal] he got his little red car saved money. Here comes this guy, he just ran the, that's why I can't understand. People are not ca, and that was back then. The people were, people. Have you seen people how to drive do what they don't care. The people the way they drive on the street, they don't care, they eat. I've been part and you see the guy running in the floor, like I see the interstate. All the accent. When are people gonna learn? You gotta be careful. I, I just don't, you know, we all make mistakes. I'm not gonna say no, but there's some people that just do not care. They just don't care if they speed or they hit somebody, they like the stupid idiot. Uh, people like to go to cost way down, way going 100 miles where you speed, you're not supposed to be driving 100 miles and you know what happened in? Right. Yeah. And, and people think that's funny. Yeah. And it's not, and you go the speed limit, you know, and sometimes you get people behind you, you wanna make it and I go, are you not making me speed? You wanna get a ticket? I happen to know that where I live there's a lot of people undercover watching people and I go, uh, keep, keep, keep on and they'll get you. They'll get you. Yeah, because they don't wanna pay attention, you know, they, they just don't wanna pay attention. I don't know. So that's why they gotta have more undercover people, certain places if you get some of them, maybe they'll learn, you're not supposed to be speeding,
Nurse: Right? They shouldn't be speeding. People shouldn't be driving like
Patient: That. No. No, they don't care if you ever been parking a line and you eating a red light and they don't even try. They just go like, oh, you wanna, you wanna, I, I google this, I saw this. I told my daughter, I was laughing. I said this is a regular accent and there's people, they see a bus is yellow. You mean you can't see a buzz yellow and you're supposed to stop, you have to go and, and you see people, I didn't see it. I, I'm, and I'm laughing and I'm going, what do you mean? You can't see a yellow bus. What are you thinking about? I mean, that's the biggest thing. You can see a yellow bus with a big, like, no, you would think I would [PHI-Personal], you know, kids got hit, come on with, what's the matter with them? I mean, that's a, that's a big yellow bus. There's no way you can, unless you're, unless you're blind.
Nurse: Right? And then you shouldn't even be driving.
Patient: Yeah, you're right. I, I don't understand but I thought it was funny when the guy was like googling it. I didn't see it and, and the guy just talking and said, what do you mean? He didn't see it? It's a yellow bus. That's the best thing in the world. And I laugh about it but I go, I don't know what they're thinking about. 00, well, you're gonna get mad at me. I'm talking too much do you? No
Nurse: You are good
Patient: I'm sorry I know you're busy I'm not the only one I'm not the only one. No
Nurse: You're fine but I will get off of here and I'm gonna um I have a couple more patients to call before I leave for the day. You
Patient: See I told you you had more patient and I've been taking your time you told me you told me you should I go away
Nurse: Talking to you?
Patient: Alright,
Nurse: You are fine. You have a good weekend. Ok.
Patient: Ok. And you do too you have a nice take care.
Nurse: All right, thank you.
Patient: Ok, bye bye
Nurse: Bye bye.
