Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is Bus. You called me? Hi, how are you? I'm
Nurse: Good. Uh, give me one second just to pull up your chart. Ok. All right. And you're a patient with doctor at [PHI-Geographic], correct. Correct. All right. So I was calling to talk to you about the doctor's new care management program. Are you familiar with that program at all?
Patient: No, I'm not. Ok.
Nurse: So, um, let me just tell you real quick that this call is gonna be recorded for training purposes. Ok. Ok. All right. So the Care management program is something new. The physicians started offering their [PHI-Personal] patients. The care management program consists of a phone call from a nurse that works hand in hand with doctor [PHI-Personal]. Um, that nurse would reach out to you in between your appointment at your convenience. Generally just to check in, make sure you're feeling well. Medications are still working well, but mostly to ensure that no new issues or problems have come up in between your office visits with doctor. Ok. Um, and so, you know, you would always be able to reach out to your nurse directly if you ever had any medical questions or concerns she would also be able to assist with refills appointments, um, test results, anything along those lines she would also be able to help with. Ok. Uh So it is a billable service to [PHI-Personal], [PHI-Personal] Advantage and secondary insurance plans and the calls are subject to deductibles, copays and coinsurance. Now, you have Aetna [PHI-Personal] Advantage as your insurance. Is that correct? That is correct? Ok. And you don't have any copays when you go to the office. Is that also correct? That is correct. All right, great. Then you should not be responsible for any out of pocket cost for a call from your nurse. And you would choose the frequency of those calls. It could be monthly every three months or every six months and the calls are always documented into your medical record and sent directly to doctor [PHI-Personal] so she can review them.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: Ok. So do you think I can get you set up for a morning or an afternoon call from your care management nurse?
Patient: Um, I'm not interested in that right now. Ok.
Nurse: Can I mail you out some information in case you change your mind in the future?
Patient: You can do that and you know, give me a chance to check with my uh insurance company. Sure.
Nurse: I have that. Your address is 2 O2 street, street unit 65, Sun City Center, Florida. 33573. That's correct. All right. Great. I will mail you out that information if you change your mind. Just let me know. Thank you very
Patient: Much, Megan. You're welcome very much. You too. Bye bye.
