Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal]. Hey,
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. It,
Nurse: Sorry. No, you're good. I left a voice mail just with a couple
Patient: Of things. I didn't even check it. I was talking to the mailman because I had to have my dad's va prescription, you know, moved over here because they don't forward those. Got, you know what I mean? And then I confused everybody with, why is it going from one unit to the other? But then I sent any other mail to my house? Yeah, because I don't need the BS mail coming here and then trying to forward it again in May. Right. So, anyway,
Nurse: No, so it wasn't. I had just talked to someone named [PHI-Personal] at [PHI-Geographic] and she told me that there's, um, they are working on units now, so it's not a long waiting list, but they are limited per one animal per house or per unit. What I told her, I explained to her, right. And she said that what she could do is this is last case scenario if you can't find anywhere else. She said she could put you and your dad in separate units on the same floor so you could each have an animal. Uh, we can't
Patient: Afford it, we can't afford two units to set the bills anymore. That's why he's moving in here instead of staying where he was. Like I said, I'm now working with $1100 less a month. That's a big chunk to try to shuffle and then having to come up with, to first in security. I, uh, there's no way.
Nurse: Yeah. I wasn't sure how [PHI-Personal] housing does it. I, I know they are discounted. But, um,
Patient: Right. And it also depends on where it's at because I've checked in the Jamestown housing before. Um, when a friend of mine was staying with me when she suddenly became homeless. And, um, a lot of those are in, like, I'm not a scaredy cat, I'm not really, you know, I can defend myself quite well and I'm not worried about somebody rushing up on me because I will, I will take you out. I'm not, I'm not afraid, I'm not afraid. But a lot of those neighborhoods over there are beyond shady and they are in horrible, horrible parts of town where most of them are downtown and then I'm gonna have nowhere to walk the dog. Got you. I did find out from my nephew who contacted an attorney friend of his, um, if I get my dad's dogs marked as, what's that? But I'm drawing a blank, um, um, [PHI-Personal] dog. Yes. Thank you because he is a disabled senior vet if I get them, I there as [PHI-Personal] dogs or even emotional support with the sob story of what's happened in the last year. Um, I guess landlords cannot by law turn him down because he has a [PHI-Personal] animal. Well, that's an option, please. At least in the state of [PHI-Geographic] that law. So now I don't know if [PHI-Personal] animals up if that same rule applies here to [PHI-Geographic] because, you know, [PHI-Geographic] doesn't do anything the easy way.
Nurse: Yeah. Well, it's definitely something to look into. She also mentioned [PHI-Geographic] housing [PHI-Geographic] for your dad. But again, these are all last resort things.
Patient: They're, uh, and again, already checked into them, they are 55 and over one pet and I cannot live there. Got you. So, and then that leads me to again, um, what do I have coming from SS A now? $[PHI-Geographic]. I have $[PHI-Geographic] total for all my bills to work around. Got you every month and now you figure my rent went up here not too long ago. So like [PHI-Personal] comes right off the top, right? And then I got to worry about. That's why I have no internet. That's why I have no cell phone bill money. You know what I mean? Yeah. So between the limited income, there's just so much against us. Right. This second that every possible solution has some kind of downfall to it.
Nurse: Well, I'll keep looking, I'll keep digging and I have a few feelers out there for, um, animals too. So I'll, uh, anything I find out I'll pass your way.
Patient: All right. Thank
Nurse: You very much. You're welcome, [PHI-Personal]. Well, try to try to find something to relax your mind today. Just one thing.
Patient: No,
Nurse: Even if it's 55 minutes of, of staring at a bird outside just to find something. Just breathe. I
Patient: Won't even have those five minutes until, like, at least 7 15 tonight. Oh, so anyway, yeah. So, like, you know, because now, because I like dog walks, started late this morning. So when dog walks start late over there at his place that makes me shuffle and pretty much most of my day in general. Right. Today was supposed to be one of those days where [PHI-Personal] and I needed to go to [PHI-Geographic] and Home Depot and bring over some dresser drawers and a couple chairs and it's, uh, turned into, we didn't move anything and, you know, didn't really do what we, it, it, it should have been an easy day today. Yeah. And it just, like I said, eight something, I think 8 15, whatever. My phone started ringing and it just all went downhill from there. So. Oh, hopefully. Yeah, I'll get in the shower and sit here in a little while and I'm not doing anything extra that I don't have to at my apartment tonight because it's been a long week today.
Nurse: Yeah. All right, my dear. Well, I'll be in touch. I just wanted to forward that information. Ok. Alright. All right, you're welcome talk soon. Alrighty
Patient: Bye bye.
