Nurse: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Oh, hi, [PHI-Personal]. Um, I, good, I'm [PHI-Personal] and, uh, I'm calling for deny law because we signed up for the, you know, the, where the nurse, whatever pro, you know, the, the, that new program where, where there's a nurse. Now, we have not talked to you since we signed up. I mean, you've tried to contact us but we haven't been, been home. Um, so, uh, I was trying to see and [PHI-Personal] works 12 to 5 and the reason I signed up for this program wasn't so much because I had questions but [PHI-Personal] is autistic and he doesn't really, uh, like whenever we go to the doctor, I have to be there to explain everything. So I thought this would be a good program for him to start talking to you and become a little more involved in his, you know what I mean? In his medical care? Ok. Does
Nurse: That make sense? It does. Um, but I do apologize. So there's myself and there's [PHI-Personal]. Um, we are the nurse care managers for, um, Fish Hawk. Um, you are actually assigned, it looks like to [PHI-Personal]. Um, so is it ok, if I send you her over a message to contact you.
Patient: Uh, yeah, what's [PHI-Personal] number? Uh, we
Nurse: Share the same line. Um, usually we're pretty busy and on the phone with patients. So, whichever one of us is like, currently, I'm just charting and I'm not on the phone and that, so I'm able to answer either one of us will answer. Either one of us certainly can help you. Um, if that's something that, you know, you need, but I do usually try to keep consistency with just the same nurse if that's ok. Um.
Patient: Right. And then I'm wondering, I mean, so we, we, we, you know, we signed up just to see what, even what it was. But I'm wondering, do you think that's something, I mean, because what, what, what, what, what is there is like a $5?
Nurse: Well, can, can you get, let me pull up your account?
Patient: Sure. Sure. And can I put you on speaker? And I want to hear this because I'm trying to get him involved. So, what I'm gonna
Nurse: Do is I'll handle the initial calls and I'll explain some things to you and then, um, you know, I'll just let [PHI-Personal] know, um, either one of us, you know, can handle your calls. I just need to pull your account up. What is your first name? Ni Ni [PHI-Personal]. Ok. And ma'am, what is your
Patient: Name? I'm [PHI-Personal]. I'm the mother.
Nurse: So, are you not a patient with doctor
Patient: [PHI-Personal] me, [PHI-Personal] is [PHI-Personal] is
Nurse: Ok. So, so you are not, so you are not signing up. It's just [PHI-Personal] signing up, right?
Patient: I'm ca what? And the reason I, I signed up for this with him was I want because I always go to all, I mean, you'll see me on my name. I can do this, you know, but I want him, we're like in our mid uh a mid [PHI-Personal]. I want him to get to, to, you know, be involved in his medical care. That's it.
Nurse: Ok. Um Can I have your date of birth? Nis [PHI-Account]. Ok. I'm just pulling up your chart. So give me just a moment. Ok. Um I'm just looking to see, I know that you're on the phone so I know that it's ok for us to talk to mom. Um,
Patient: And dad. Do you have dad there too?
Nurse: Yes, it is. I'm just looking. Well, there's usually only one person, um, in like his chart snapshot that's listed that we can talk to. That's what I'm looking for. I'm looking for if you have a care permission form that you actually signed in the office, scanned into the chart that would give us any of the people that we can talk with. So
Patient: That's, we have power of attorney, which should be there somewhere.
Nurse: That's what I'm trying to find. Unfortunately, there's a lot, you know, to look through um but go ahead, you had some questions while I'm doing this. Let me see if I can answer some of the questions that you have.
Patient: Ok, I got questions and I was just trying to explain why we signed up for this. Um De [PHI-Personal] on uh disability. He's been on disability since he's [PHI-Personal] since he's probably been about 22. A long time. Of course, if you know anything about disability, they're always trying to pop you off of it. You know what I mean? Um, it not that we never want to be off of it but, uh, [PHI-Personal] got quite a, um, quite a history, you know what I'm saying? So, uh, and, and, and, and the biggest thing is when daddy and I aren't always gonna be around because, you know, we're [PHI-Personal]. Um, when, when things come up, like, like, um, medical reviews from social security and all that, it'd be really good that everybody had their, you know, like if you're, if you're a liaison that you, you have all the records in order, you know, and you know what, what's happening, right? Because [PHI-Personal] would have a hard time expressing all that. Does that make sense?
Nurse: Um, so I know it sounded like you initially had a question. So let me just tell you how our program works, then we can come re come back to this question and then it sounded like you might have had a question about billing. So, um we are a group of nurses. Um uh you know, I am um the primary case manager and [PHI-Personal] Adrianne actually has some patients at another practice um for the doctors. So what our job is is to reach out each month, um in between offices. See, you know, how, how is the patient managing with any chronic conditions concerns medications. Um And then we are also available in between our calls to you. If something acute arises and you need assistance, you know, you might feel sick or have an ear infection or, you know, whatever concern you might have. So you can call, you know, you can call in like you are now, you might get one of us or leave a message, we try to get back to you the same day. Um So, you know, it's like a good line to have. Um, you know, we can give some advice, get you an appointment, talk with doctor for you, you know, on acute issues also. Um And so that is our, that is the role that we play as your nurse, case manager. Does that kind of explain what our role is? I, I think, did you say you also had some questions about billing or how it worked
Patient: Well? Well? Well, I, I imagine I just, you know, part of it, I know there's a charge for it and, and I just wanna, you know, I think it's like $5 a month or something, but I just wanna make sure. Yeah,
Nurse: So I can't. So as nurses and even when I was at the bedside in the hospital, I wish I could advise you on billing, but we just don't, you know, we don't handle that. That's just something different. Um how, what I understand as far as billing, you know, we are an extension of doctor. Um, so how you would be billed for your time with him or an office visit with him is how our time is billed. Um you know, under your primary care provider. Now, how it's actually covered, I can't say how the insurance would cover it. Um I believe that some insurance does cover um care management services with the nurse. Others don't um if you have like a deductible or copay, like if you have a copay to see doctor that could apply here. Um So hopefully that answers like some of your questions about how it works. Um You know, so
Patient: Like, so like it's, it's not a monthly charge, it's a charge, it is a charge,
Nurse: It is a charge when we actually have an encounter with you. So if you know when we reach out and we're touching base each month and um then yes, you know, there, then there's an encounter charge. Um some patients say, you know, I'm really healthy, I don't really have any issues and I only want you to call me every three months or every quarter. Um and others might prefer to be inbound only. So that means that we would not reach out to you. It would be only if you had a concern and reached out to us.
Patient: Ok. So, so in other words, in that case, then we're only billed when, when you call us or we call you
Nurse: It it right. It's just like when you actually, you know, you don't get charged a monthly fee to just because you're a patient of doctor goes, you get charged when you have an encounter with him. It's the same. Ok.
Patient: All right. So then I tell you what, then what we'll do for the time being is, um, I'll, I'll put in the, in, in our notes that it's nurse [PHI-Personal] at your phone number that, that, that, that we could call. Um And then I would say then that we don't really need to call. Like we'll, we'll, we'll, we'll have that in our, I'll have it in my notes and then when, when things arise, we can call or [PHI-Personal] can call but, and things could happen. He's on Ozempic and we were in and now are, are you available on the weekends?
Nurse: No, we are here the same hours as the practice. So, um we are not here, you know, the practice doesn't have evening hours um or weekend hours. So we are not available. Um If it isn't urgent, you can leave us a message, we'll return the call when we come in. Um Obviously for anything that's urgent, you would still contact the provider on call for the practice, you know, or, or go to an urgent care. Um So you know that like if he just has like a routine question or something about a medication that can wait, then he can leave a message for us. Um So it sounds, does that answer kind of your question? No. Yeah,
Patient: Because you know what happened was, um, uh we signed up, you know, I always, [PHI-Personal] got a complex case so it's always good to know. But I want him also where he could feel free or, or if we needed some, but we were never able to cut touch base because I didn't wanna call when he wasn't home, he's home right now and he's getting ready to go to work. Um, but it doesn't do anybody any good for only me to know and him never to be talking with anybody, you know, that, that type of thing. So, um in being
Nurse: That like his hours seem to be somewhat limited. I would say that perhaps being so, you know, it would either be the option of having calls only in the morning before he would go to work or, you know, maybe every quarter or just being on an inbound only you had some questions or something about medical review or what, what was the question about?
Patient: No, that would be something I'll, I'll do that with the doc, I suppose the biggest question, the only question I would have right now is if they ever wanted to look on his chart, you know, [PHI-Personal], um, uh, when I said he was complex, he actually had sepsis and was in a coma for six weeks and, you know, was on dialysis and all, you know, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, that type of thing. So, you know, had to go to rehab to learn to sit up and walk and, but uh what happens is down the line now when on his blood work, his b creatinine level is elevated and I would just wanna know, I suppose, you know, we went to the doctor, we just had the blood work but then there's not really, is there anything we need to do to follow up about that or is that a high level that we don't have to be, you know, like it was, I think something like 23 and the, the range is 9 to 20 you know, sometimes when we look at it as lay person, um we more alarm
Nurse: And we, I mean, I can see his complete chart that, that, that the nurse next to doctor [PHI-Personal] in the office can see. Um, so I don't like, I don't, I know going back to answering your question like that you said you would address with doctor [PHI-Personal] anything that is actually in his chart, we are able to see. So like when you were saying you were concerned like, so that everyone would be on the same page or if you were filing any of medical reviews or this or that we are able to do that and see what's scanned in or sent out. You know, I could send faxes on his behalf. Um right. Questions on labs, things like that, you know, we I can see his complete chart. So any questions I can see that you just saw Doctor [PHI-Personal] on the twe um So any questions on that? Yes, I can see. Now um you know, Doctor [PHI-Personal] actually already reviewed the labs and sent a my chart message. I don't know if you can see it so I can go over those labs with you. So again, you know, um these are things he could call in for without us calling him. This sounds like something that you want to just switch to inbound only. And um that's what you're feeling comfortable with. Do you want me to discuss his labs with you?
Patient: Yeah, not right now. That would be good because I went, I just went on yesterday. I didn't go on today on the my chart, but it would be good with something like when you know you're concerning your kidneys, that's you know, something you wanna know about. So do you, what did he say about that creatine level?
Nurse: So the micro albumin creatinine. He said the urinalysis and urine microalbumin creatinine right now are within normal range. So no concerns. Yeah, but the ratio
Patient: Was high.
Nurse: No, on this lab result that you just did that was processed on the [PHI-Personal]. It it is not, it's within range. The range is 0 to 29 and his is actually 11. So it hospitalized with any issues. It's actually like and it was acute, it's resolving.
Patient: Ok. Well, then maybe you could explain if you look back at one of the other uh of the labs, he took all of the labs, the C MP, the C MP showed the creatine and the bun within levels. But then when they had the bun creatine level, it was, I know which report you're talking about and that made me feel good because it was like, whoa that was right within normal. So how does that relate to that C MP blood level where it said the bun creatine level was high? How does that relate? It's
Nurse: Very, very minimal. Um It's the range goes up to 20 he's at 23. I I don't see that he's concerned about it. Um The test that really is important in his kidney function isn't so much. So you're looking at A B level and you're looking at his creatinine um separate values when you look at that microalbumin creatinine ratio, that is a more comprehensive study and that would be the ratio that you would be concerned with. So when doctor [PHI-Personal] is saying that everything is within normal range, um, I, there, there is nothing to be concerned with at this point. I, I don't know if I'm answering your question. No, you
Patient: Are, you are 100% because you gotta realize we're lay people, old lay people and then he's limited that, you know, we get these things and, you know, we don't wanna worry about things unnecessarily. So in other words, everything's within limits and whatever that other high thing was was just out there.
Nurse: Yeah, and it could, and it could still be because of him. Like I say, you go into acute kidney injury or acute renal failure and something that is acute can resolve and begin to heal and could that, you know, I can take a look and see possibly um what his labs were when he was in the hospital if I can see that. But my guess is that this is, you know, it's because it's resolving.
Patient: Well, what happened was, um, in May he got dehydrated and we had to go to um the, the branded uh health pla and he had to get 22 vials of or not vials, two CK, you know, he had to get uh dehydrated, you know, two bags of hydration. So, um you know, I put it this way, that was the kidney thing was probably about two or three years ago. But, you know, be because, and, and he's on different medicines. Doctor, you know, it was Ozempic that sent him, we, we went from one mg to two mg. Uh and that was what the doctor wanted to do. It wasn't on her own, but that sent him into the dehydration and he started a new job, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Uh and that all that together uh was, was a bad what you call it. But ok, well, then I tell you what you know, and part of it is, you know, we never talked with anybody. Uh I know nurse [PHI-Personal] tried reaching out to us and uh what I was trying to say, I didn't wanna make it sound like we were ignoring you, but we are concerned but there was no use for me calling and I having daddy understand and [PHI-Personal] understand, you know, I, I pretty much understand a lot of stuff. The creatine I was a little concerned of when I saw that. But, you know, but you know, you always assume too if the doctor didn't um contact you, then you don't have to do anything, you know what I mean? But on the other hand,
Nurse: He, so doctor [PHI-Personal] usually reviews the labs and sends a message in his my chart. So if he had not seen this, I could always request, hey, can you review and you know, he'll send his thoughts through my chart to you. Um He did already look at it and note, I mean, and the fact that he also noted that there aren't any concerns, um the levels that you would be very concerned about, like in that C MP would be the bun itself and the creatinine. Um and those are within normal range. So
Patient: Those were, that's what I was having a hard time to understand those were in normal range. And then all of a sudden I look down at the ratio and go well, why is that way over there? You know, that that was like what? But it, but I think he might have also that other test that you came in that was really within real normal range. That one came in later. So he might have asked for that one to be run after he saw that. I don't know, I'm just assuming or maybe they did that after that came in but everything, everything looks super normal except for that ratio.
Nurse: Yeah, II I feel like his labs actually look very good. Um I don't think he has any concerns whatsoever.
Patient: Right? And you gotta understand because NY is overweight, we're working with doctor, you know, we, we hound him a lot about his habits so I don't wanna overly say, you know, because he likes to put, you know, I mean, you know, I don't want him to be loaded with water and all this other stuff. He seems like he's doing a good job. So in other words, you're saying everything looks good and we don't have to, you know, he's doing a good job
Nurse: Currently, you know, but those levels can change it. I mean, from one day to the next, those levels could change. Um, so always keep that in mind.
Patient: Oh, no, I understand that because you gotta understand he was in the hospital six weeks in a coma. Uh, I was there every day with him. I saw those blood and we, and he was on dialysis during that time, uh, kidney dialysis. So does
Nurse: He still follow up with doctor? The um, no, she's neurology. Does he not have a kidney doctor? He doesn't. No, because
Patient: He got everything, everything we, you know, we were really lucky, everything resolved itself and they, yeah, they released him. Ok. It's just always there. I don't wanna ever, you know, the sepsis came so quickly when it came, you know what I mean? We were headed for Tampa General. We were at Saint Joe's and it just, it, we're on our way to go and he just went into, you know what I'm saying? I'm, I've seen all that. You get a little more anxious or hyper, you might wanna say once you've experienced all that stuff because he went, he had colon cancer and what caused the sepsis was he had a blockage that we were aware of and everybody was aware of and nobody did anything about it. You know what I mean? Until it was too late. I mean, he was in the hospital three days before the sepsis hit and they knew he had the blockage but they weren't doing nothing, you know. So, are you still there?
Nurse: I'm just listening.
Patient: Ok. So that's what I'm saying. It was a, it was a really weird situation, you know, because we were hospitalized in [PHI-Geographic]. They knew he had it and we came back here, we saw doctors, they said, oh, don't worry about it. And come back in August and by July he was in sepsis. You know what I mean? So it was kind of a weird thing. But you know, that, that, that's why I'm saying that he's got a very and, and, and then what happened? So, you know, he worked for Toys R US for 25 years. Ok? And then he got sick and Toys R Us went under all at the same time. And so we just started work again. Um, in May, we're working with Volk rehab. Ok. And, and what I was explaining to you about all this is, um, is with his abilities once every, if you look at the chart and you see everything that went on and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And it's not that we're against full time work, but full time work when [PHI-Personal] had his last psychiatrist, which we haven't seen in a long time because doctor gives him the medicine he needs. She was concerned that she thought too much work would not help his whole condition of everything he's got and plus he works, he's a bagger. He makes $11 an hour. You can see even at full time that's not gonna give you the medical and everything you need for the, you know, for how we're covered with [PHI-Personal] and everything else, you know. Right. It's an involved situation. But you gotta, so
Nurse: Do you want me to change his account to be inbound only or do you want [PHI-Personal] to reach out at intervals?
Patient: [PHI-Personal], what do you want, [PHI-Personal]? Do you want us to be inbound where we only call them when needed? You want it like that? OK. Yeah, because he has a hard time um um um uh expressing himself but what I think I'm gonna do put it inbound and, and that means uh then every time we call an inbound call will be charged, which is fine. So what I might do is like when we go to like doctor [PHI-Personal] again and we get blood work and it comes back. I might have [PHI-Personal] call with us with all this together and we'll have a call like this where everything's explained. Does that sound like a good idea? Yeah.
Nurse: So he can ask what questions he has and we can review it. Yeah,
Patient: Because I'm afraid what I was trying to get across and I think you can get the feeling from the interaction we're having here that I'm pretty much aware of what's going on. [PHI-Personal] needs to be. But he, if you just called him and I wasn't around nothing would happen, everything would be fine. Mhm. Right. Right. You, you know what I mean? But on the other hand, I think we all need to have this talk and the doctors don't have time to go over all this, all the time with you. Right.
Nurse: Well, I mean, one of the things would be that, um, I would encourage, I'm not saying you have to but, um, not just for them, like acute issues. Like, for example, you know, you want him to take charge of his own health care. Um, like really what we do on the first call and, and I wouldn't do it because we addressed other issues. But like we review his medications and we talk about your medications, what the name is and how do you take it and how do you manage them? So, you know, on the next call, I would, you know, if you're always calling in with an acute issue, we won't really address that. But I would suggest that and one of like, say next month, even if there aren't any issues, have him call in, talk with myself or [PHI-Personal] and go over his medications just so that he is getting that autonomy of managing his health care. Like you said, for when you're not there. Um, you know, because that's like, one of the things we do, um I will still, like, develop a care plan for him and send out his wellness goals and you'll see those come into his Mychart and in the mail they're just wellness goals. So don't, you know, get like, if any questions about them, you can let us know but even something like that he could call in and say, you know, like I see that I'm supposed to have a, you know, hemoglobin A one C. What is that? What does that mean? And then, you know, the nurses can, like, educate him and talk with him about some of that. Um, you know, rather than being at a time, like I have an acute concern, I wanna know about these labs and feeling sick, you know, and so I don't, you know, that is what the benefit would be for [PHI-Personal] calling you. Um, if there's no acute issues, she would try to address things, you know, how do you manage your diabetes? Do you check your blood sugar? Um, you know, where
Patient: You got, understand [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal], that's what he gets a little confused. [PHI-Personal] doesn't have diabetes. He's on, he's a doctor, he's on weight management, he's on the more of the prediabetes, but he's got on that medicine for weight weight management. And like even when they had your, your behind your A one c, all the doctors are doctor, he, he doesn't need that when, for some reason, it pops up. But
Nurse: I'm just saying like, just that as an example, like, you know, she would talk with him, like, do you understand what cholesterol is? And how does your diet affect it? Uh You know, what is your, how do you manage your BP? Do you monitor it? So that, that is what would be happening during the monthly call?
Patient: Yeah. No, I think those would be good but I think what would, would be good? Like if we do inbound, then we're in control of it. Right? You
Nurse: Are, you are. Yeah.
Patient: So what I'm saying is I'm afraid if we do a monthly call, what's gonna happen? They're never gonna call at the right time, right? Because, because, you know, like usually like, look, I'm home now, which we haven't been able to call. I usually go to the y in the morning to work out that we got a lightning thing. I got stuck home and I've had nurse [PHI-Personal] on my list for like a month or two. I said [PHI-Personal], you're home, I'm home. We can finally call nurse [PHI-Personal] and listen about all this stuff. So um I, I, what I, after you said to this, what I would do with the inbound is I would try to call monthly or bi monthly, but it would be when we're here together and we can make the call. He gets random days off, but I can't tell you when they are they're just random. Like he's work, he worked all last week, Monday to Friday. He worked all this week, Monday to Friday and next week he's off on Wednesday, but he could be off on Monday or Friday or Thursday or this. So that's why I'm saying, I think if we, is that hard for us to call in then like we did now and it
Nurse: Isn't. No, it isn't at all. We may not always answer the phone. If we're on with another patient, what would happen is you would leave a message and [PHI-Personal] will give you a call
Patient: Back. Ok. And your hours are Monday to Friday. What, what, what, what, what, what time?
Nurse: [PHI-Account].
Patient: Ok. 8 to 4 30. Ok. Well, I think [PHI-Personal] would like that. Um, and, but I, I think we'll do inbound where we'll call you because we're too random and we all gotta be together for this to work.
Nurse: Sure. Sure. I will switch over the account. Um, I will speak to [PHI-Personal] about it. Uh You know, I'll document what we talked about today. Like I said, I will send, um, you know, just his wellness calls out to you and then you just give us a call. Um, you know, when, when you need to talk.
Patient: Yeah, and I'll, I'll have that down and, and so, you know, one of the things you wanna, you'll look at when you look in his chart and that's why I think it'll be real good. The main thing I told you when we had to be rehydrated and we needed two bags of solution was when we went from one mg to two mg of Ozempic. We are right now in the transition period where we're doing it real slow. Like he's at one point, I think 51.5. 0, I think we're going to 1.1 0.75 in two weeks and then we're gonna go to two point in a week or so. So that would be something he could talk about his feelings with and all that too, with, with the. Ok. Well, listen, I think this will be very good. I'm glad I, and like I said, I wanted to apologize. It's not like we didn't wanna answer any of your calls, but I wanted to give you the situation behind why we've been so, so
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. Yeah, of course. No, not a problem. Not at all. I will mark the account and I will, I will give, you know, [PHI-Personal] just an update and then you give us a call when you need us.
Patient: Ok, I got it. Ok. All right. I'm gonna try to have you talk with [PHI-Personal] more. That's what I'm gonna try to.
Nurse: Yeah, perfect.
Patient: Ok. Thanks a lot nurse.
Nurse: You're welcome. Bye bye bye.
