Nurse: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. Hi, this is Marlene Coval. You called? And I don't know if you wanted to talk to me or my husband. But, um, you had called and left a message on our machine?
Nurse: Yes. Let me pull it up quick, I believe. Um, I was calling to talk to both of you.
Patient: Oh, ok. He's not home but I'm here. Oh, ok.
Nurse: All right. Um, one second let me get you pulled up quick. Mhm. Oh, let's see. And it looks like you're on his, um, HIPA contact so I can talk to you. Ok, about him too. So that way I can get you both done. Ok. Um, so I was just calling both of you kind of just for your monthly follow up monthly check in to see how everything's going. Um, and to see if you guys needed any refills or needed anything in general.
Patient: Ok. Refills for him. I don't know. And I know our, our pharmacy is usually pretty good. They'll contact you if we need a, if we need a refill. I do have a question about my, my, uh, Eliquis though. I got a letter from, from uh, our, uh, pharmaceutical insurance and they're changing the coverage on that, that now it's going to tier five, which means I'm gonna have to pay more and they thought I have no idea how much more. I mean, now I'm paying well the first time I get it every year because it's in [PHI-Personal] and my deductible is not paid. I pay, I paid $522 this past in [PHI-Personal] when the first one on it. So I, to check, to check, to see if there's something else. But I, I think the in all the other ones that, that Doctor [PHI-Personal] so had talked about like, uh, what was it? Coumadin was one, I think I forget what the other blood thinners are. But he said you have to have blood work for all of them and he, this Eliquis is much nicer. So, II, I don't know if there's anything, I, I don't know if there's anything else he could put me on or I do have a, an appointment scheduled for next month beginning. I know it's beginning of the month with Doctor [PHI-Personal]. Um, just for my regular four month check up or three months, whatever it is that I'm coming in. Um, so, I mean, I can go over it then. Um, but I'm not have any pro any problems with the Eliquis and I hate to go off of it. Right.
Nurse: Yeah. No, we have, we actually have some programs I can send you some information, um, on, you know, getting, getting your prescriptions at lower
Patient: Cost. Ok, we have, I know my husband just went, what did he pick up? Uh, a pri, I don't know if that's through, well, that's, that's through, uh, uh, yeah, what's it called? Not OS S Gastro, Gastro, uh, of [PHI-Geographic]. And apparently that went up because he was gonna have to pay hundreds of dollars for it and he used his, uh, what, what is it? Well, Rx one of the X. Yeah. Well, yeah, and he got it for $60.29. So. Good. Rx. That's what he has. Good. X, yeah. Yeah. Um, so that's something I can do with, with mine too. But, uh, but that, I mean, we're, we're both, he hasn't complained about anything. So I'm, I guess he's ok and I'm fine. I mean, I have my hip and my knee are acting up because, I mean, uh, it's just arthritis sticking
Nurse: In there. Right. Yeah. And then it's getting colder. So that doesn't
Patient: Help. Yeah. Yeah. But, uh, that's the only problem I've been having. I mean, we've both been healthy. We haven't come down with COVID or any colds or anything. Ok. Well, good, good. We did. I, I don't think he's gotten it. I did get my third booster. Ok. Uh, a couple weeks ago. So, um, all right. I don't know how that works with the flu shot because I'll probably end up getting a flu shot in [PHI-Personal] when I come in.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, they, they recommend, you know, a couple weeks. Yeah, just a couple weeks in
Patient: Between is fine. Back in [PHI-Personal] I got, I think it was [PHI-Personal] the 15th or something. I don't know. So it'll be like two months until I get there. Ok. But, uh, yeah, other than that I, I can't think of anything perfect. We're, we're, we're staying healthy. Good,
Nurse: Good. Ok. Um and then just a couple questions for you. Um, well, actually not questions, just some suggestions for you um for that arthritis. Um, do you use heat or ice?
Patient: I have a, a tens unit. Oh, yeah, that I, that I use on it and sometimes it, it helps it and sometimes it doesn't, depends on how bad it is. Um, and I have the traMADol that, um, Doctor [PHI-Personal] had given me. Yeah. Yeah. Um, and I only take that at night time though because I never know how sometimes it makes me sleepy. Uh, sometimes it keeps me wide awake. Ok. So I do it at, at bedtime or close to bedtime when I know I'm not going anywhere and it, it, it helps. Um, and we had, we had a friend tell us we were helping my brother, brother move on Wednesday and Thursday and the one lady that was there helping has, has a CBD Cream or something that she uses on her arthritis. And she said, man, does it ever work? So we thought, well, maybe we'll get some of that too.
Nurse: Yeah, you can always try that too.
Patient: Um, yeah, so we can try it and if it doesn't work then we just, we pass it on to somebody else.
Nurse: Right. Right. Um, they also make over the counter creams, um, you know, for pain. Um, so you can just go to like, uh, you know, uh, a pharmacy Walmart or, um, you know, whatever you, whatever you have over by you. Um, and tho those, those seem to work pretty well, you kind of just rub it on there and, um, it, it seems, seems to get, give people good relief.
Patient: Ok. Yeah, I haven't tried any, any arthritis creams. Yeah. Yeah, I could try. Yeah, I mean, most of the time it's, if I'm sitting doing nothing, it's fine. Right. Right. Uh, and actually, um, maybe all the action that I did on Wednesday and Thursday helping my brother in law move my hip and my leg or my hip. It's usually my right hip and my right knee lately that's giving me trouble and they've been pretty good since we were doing all that. I don't know, maybe all the ups and downs and everything helped and it's not nearly as bad. Um, but, uh, yeah, I, if, if it gets bad again I'll have to try some of that stuff.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, it's just right over the counter, you can get it at pretty much any pharmacy, um, Walmart or anything. Ok. Ok. All right, perfect. And then, um, just some, uh, other education on, uh, your husband's high, uh, cholesterol. Um, just make sure you guys are eating plenty of the fruits and veggies. Um, you know, getting some exercise. Um, let's see. Do you guys eat a lot of red meats or processed meat?
Patient: Um, that's probably what we eat most I I try to eat more chicken but he he would he would rather have, you know, beef and pork and all that uh he he'll eat whatever he eats, whatever I cook. Ok. But um and of course he's still drinking his beer which I don't know is the best for his uh no but that but but uh he's not as bad as he used to be so that that's good. Ok.
Nurse: Alrighty. Ok well um let's see yeah if you, if you wanna check out that good Rx um you know for your Eliquis I I would definitely suggest doing that um if it's and if it's still too expensive um you can ask uh let's see who do you see Doctor [PHI-Personal] the next month or I'll call you back. Yeah yeah I'll call you back after that appointment um you know a couple days after to see if you need anything to see if you kind of got your Eliquis figured out. Um if not I can give you more information on, you know, different, other couple different other programs we have.
Patient: Ok. Ok. And I was, I, I haven't pulled the paper out paperwork out from when I went to see Doctor [PHI-Personal], when all this stuff, the cardiologist, when all this start started back in [PHI-Personal] and [PHI-Personal] and, and he, they never made another appointment for me with him. Should I call him and make another appointment? Um, let me see, but I don't, I don't know, I, I, like I said, I have to pull the, pull the paperwork out from, from that appointment. What provider is that again? It was, uh, Doctor Doc, uh, Doctor [PHI-Personal] with your cardiology, cardiology. Ok. Yeah. Yes. It's out in that new, that new building out there by [PHI-Geographic] is where I went to see him.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, let me pull up. Uh, when was the last appointment did you say,
Patient: Uh, back in? It's either, it was either [PHI-Personal] or [PHI-Personal]. It was, I think it was [PHI-Personal]. I had a bunch of testing done and then I, I went to him after all the testing was done.
Nurse: All right. Yeah, let me pull up the last note if it'll load here and I'll, I should be able to see if, um, what, you know, kind of when he wanted to see you back. Um, let's see, we will see her back in six months or sooner if needed. So, yeah, I would
Patient: Way past that I guess I better call him and make an appointment. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. So you're due for another cardiology appointment. Um, so, yeah, you can, you can give them a call and, um, get that scheduled.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah, I'll do that today. Ok, perfect. Yeah, I, I keep thinking when, because all the paperwork is upstairs. Right? And I'm usually downstairs when I think of it. I, I to go up right away. So that's what I'll do um and um and I'll I'll call them today and set up an appointment. Yeah and I'll talk to him about the Eliquis because I know he I had already started that I think when I had seen him and he said doctor [PHI-Personal] at that time was be because before he retired and came up back out of retirement and all that but uh uh he said he everything that he's got you doing is the right thing I said. Ok,
Nurse: Perfect. Uh yeah
Patient: He about the Eliquis too. Yeah.
Nurse: Ok, perfect. Um. All right. Well I have his phone number here if you want me to give it to you so you don't have to dig out those papers.
Patient: Ok. That would help. Yeah go ahead.
Nurse: All right it's [PHI-Account]. [PHI-Account]
Patient: [PHI-Account]
Nurse: [PHI-Account]
Patient: [PHI-Account]. Ok, I will call him right call the the office right now and set something up with him. Perfect. So.
Nurse: Alrighty. Ok well I will touch base with you after your appointment. Um but if you need anything from me in the meantime, you can always give me a call. Ok? Ok. Alright, perfect. Have a good rest of your day.
Patient: Thank you. You too. Thanks. Bye bye bye bye.
