Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal] with the care management team. How can I help you?
Patient: Yes, [PHI-Personal], you just call me. My name is right and I'm returning your call. Oh, yes.
Nurse: Thank you for getting back to me so quickly, [PHI-Personal]. How are you doing today?
Patient: I'm doing fine.
Nurse: Good. Uh, I was just calling to go over information about the new program. Doctor [PHI-Personal] is offering. Do you have a couple minutes for me to do it with you now? Yes. All right. Great. Uh, [PHI-Personal], the call is recorded for quality purposes. Ok. Um, it's a new care management program and behavior health program. That's just where a nurse is going to call and check in with you, see how you're doing in between office visits. Uh, she goes over your full medical health with you answering any questions, addressing any issues or concerns that you may be having. Uh, she'll also go over your medications with you making sure that they're working the way that they should be and that your conditions aren't worsening or if you had questions about your medications or needed refills. Uh, if you had questions or needed help with like appointments, labs community resources. Uh Just those are just some of the other things she'll talk to you about during the call. Um, everything is documented for Doctor [PHI-Personal] to review. So that way she's kept up to date on how you're doing. Ok. Ok. Um I do wanna let you know that the care management programs and behavior health programs are both considered the office visits. Also, they're both billable services to Medicare and Medicare Advantage plans and secondary insurance carriers. Uh, they're both subject to coin insurances and deductibles and co payments. So you may get a statement from the practice for approximately $9 when you have contact with your dedicated nurse. Um, you do get to choose how often your nurse calls you. So if you'd like her to call you once a month or once every three months, six months, maybe even just once every nine months, that's up to you. Um, I'm gonna mail you a letter to the program and in the letter it will have your nurses contact information. So you're able to call her with any questions or concerns also. Ok. Ok. Now, [PHI-Personal], do you prefer for your nurse to call you in the mornings or in the afternoons afternoon? Ok. And then if I could just confirm the information we have for you still the same. Uh, we have your mailing address still as [PHI-Geographic] A South Lawrence Street, Middletown P A 17057. And we have your insurance still as Humana and up MC. Yeah. Ok. Now your nurse she's gonna be giving you a call in about two weeks or so just to introduce herself to you and get to know you a little bit. And then at that time you would let her know when you'd like her to give you a call. Ok. Oh, ok. All right then you're all set, [PHI-Personal]. I hope you have a great day and stay safe.
Patient: Ok. Thank you. You too.
Nurse: Thank you. Bye bye bye bye.
