Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: This is [PHI-Personal]. Someone called me and left a message.
Nurse: Hi, [PHI-Personal], how are you today? Ok, good. Give me one second just to pull up your chart. Ok. Ok. All right, [PHI-Personal], you're a patient with [PHI-Personal] at [PHI-Geographic]. Is that correct? Yes, perfect. So I just need to let you know that this call is gonna be recorded for training purposes. Ok. All right. So I was calling to talk to you about [PHI-Personal] Care Management program. So with the program, [PHI-Personal], you would receive a phone call from a nurse that nurse would call you in between your appointments every couple of months. She would answer any questions or concerns, assist with refills appointments, medication questions, lab results and anything else pertaining to your health. Your nurse would be an added resource for you and would keep [PHI-Personal] updated with your current conditions and any changes that may be happening. And you would also be able to contact your nurse directly with any medical questions or concerns. Ok. So the care management program is a billable service to Medicare, [PHI-Personal] and secondary insurance carriers and the calls are subject to deductibles, copays and coinsurance. Now you have wellcare [PHI-Personal] and a $0 copay. Is that correct? Yes, great. So, you could choose to get calls on a monthly basis or every couple of months. That's completely up to you and you can change the frequency at any time.
Patient: I'm fine right now. Ok. Can I have you? I can keep up with my own stuff.
Nurse: Ok. Even if she were to call you every couple of months
Patient: Uh they don't it's ok bye I think the same doctors.
Nurse: Oh ok well can I um send you some information in case you change your mind in the future? No. Ok well no problem I'll note that we spoke and that you declined. Ok. Ok I'm
Patient: Fine right now. Alright I gotta talk to her Thursday I gotta come in Thursday and talk to her at one o'clock and I'm gonna go from there I just don't like there's some things that going on that I need help with and she can't do I need a doctor. She's a nurse right? So I got uh not to be mean to her. You've been good to me I just I'm gonna have to get a doctor my legs get worse or she can't send me to the hospital when I go to the emergency room. I had a problem here a couple about a year ago uh I had talked to her she advised me I could go to the emergency room but she can't tell me to go cause he was the MP I went to the emergency room and I told him what was going on with me and my legs. He knows all about my legs. It said that and the other, when I got into the emergency room, the back way there was a, you know, like two people and everything with a curtain. Uh, there was a child in front of me. So in another word, another person came in. It was, um, I don't know how they do it in the emergency room. One had blue scrubs on and one had a white coat on the doctor. The blue scrub, uh, parking came in, I got my bottles and ask me what was going on and da da da, she went to the four door, the two door to the brown door, opened the door and I quote this patient here. All she wants is drugs. So give her some damn medicine and get her fat ass out of here.
Nurse: Oh my
Patient: Gosh. Yes, ma'am. I had her recommended. Uh, I talked to the main people in my hospital in, I'm in Bowling [PHI-Personal]. It was at my hospital and they recommended her and she had to write a little note. She wrote a note, little ty print, couldn't read it. I never got anything on all I know is she got recommended. I don't know really what that consisted of at that time to now. To later. I didn't really like that. I never been talked to you like that before.
Nurse: Of course not. I don't blame you.
Patient: Ok. I was very ill. Yeah. I mean, my husband, my, my husband had to hold my, hold me on my shoulders. I mean, he didn't hurt me. But, yeah, I was not ready to go back and my husband had to kind of turn me around and, like, let's go to the exit door instead of the other door. Because if you go to the other door, you're gonna go to jail.
Nurse: Right. Right. Wow. Yeah, that's, that is not, that's
Patient: Not, I've never had nobody talk to me. I, I mean professional and the, the [PHI-Personal] that she was talking to was the doctor. He had the light blue scrubs on with the doctor. I'm like, oh, and he looked at me and he looked at her and he, he was like, put his head back like, uh, oh and he didn't know what happened out in front at all. Nothing happened, but he didn't know he didn't know nothing was going on. So when uh they recommend her, he told him everything that happened. That's why I said what I told you. I didn't mean to be nasty or no. But he was like, yes, he was very blunt from M and M she all I done was open, the, the door was already open. I looked at her and looked at him. I said you need to tell him the truth. I didn't look at my legs, her and he's like, let's go back this way. And he put me in the, uh, he put me in a little room in the emergency room and he looked at me there by itself. I mean, he had a n another nurse but he looked at me to in another room, you know, but I was, I go outside for about an, I had to go outside about 30 minutes. I had, yeah, I almost lost my plate. I had to go outside and breathe for a minute. I didn't wanna go back in there. So I choose not to go back there anymore. Not because I guess because it was our end. But I don't know. But II, I just didn't go back there. I go to Greenville, Greenview now. I don't, but I need a doctor. My legs got worse or she has looked at it but there's nothing she can do. Give me help me. There's nothing she can do nothing. I mean, she's helping me with my medicine as far as my BP and things like that and she's good at that and good at, you know, my diabetes and all that stuff as far as my leg. Uh, I try to get, I can't, she even got me physical therapy next door over there. They can't, I can't do physical therapy because I have an open wound in my leg. I got 84 12 screws and two plates in my right ankle. I was hit by a drunken driver. I'm on my fourth surgery and three doctors out of four wanna amputate. Then one doctor said he was it. But I was, I'm, I'm heavy. I'm not been as I've always been a big girl, but this is the biggest I've ever been. And, uh, and, uh, so three surgeries and out of hospital I walking and everything. I just gave up and gain weight. Uh, now I'm a diabetic with Metformin. Uh, well, today I might be high but tomorrow might be low but I got all the stuff for that but she's good and everything cause I just, you can't do nothing with my leg but she's got me get my bandages to, you know, my, uh, a place where I can get my bandages and things to help out way. But as far as seeing a doctor, I need an orthopedic doctor. She branches me out, but that's all I can do right now. Nobody wants to see me. I need a specialist somewhere and my insurance, the only thing about, uh, wellcare, I can't, I used to go to Vanderbilt but I, now I don't know. Uh, uh, I've been to [PHI-Geographic], I've been to Bowling [PHI-Personal]. I need a specialist. The list.
Nurse: Well, I can tell you that, um, if you were to, to get set up with a care management nurse, she would be able to help you with things like that.
Patient: Well, they done it there. Our nurse is, there are good [PHI-Personal] and, um, another lady there was there. Uh, they've been calling everybody and we can't get, as far as in [PHI-Geographic], I can't get any, we can't get anybody. We have the three and then they won amputate. But then they said they can't do it. They weren't gonna touch me. One of them said they wouldn't touch me. One of them said they touched me but I got to lose weight. Quit smoking and all that. I quit smoking. I went on a diet. I lost 21 lbs. They, they, she kept my weight. Ok. I did my weight. Ok. We get at it together. I got ill again and I started all over again, gaining weight again. I picked the cigarettes back up. I quit them again. When I went to L and when he went, he didn't go off on me. But he was a truthful doctor put it that way. He was bt four up. Had me swollen, not being mean. He wasn't mean, but he showed me people's legs and heaviness in people that happened to him. Yeah. He kinda went, yeah, down deep and, yeah, it made me open up and realize what I needed to do. And then if some other stuff happened, my momma died in [PHI-Personal]. Now, here we go again. I'm sorry. Yes. Everything. She's been a great doctor. I just wish she was a doctor.
Nurse: Yeah. Well, do you, do you wanna try talking to a care management nurse and see if maybe it works out for you and if not, you can, you know, opt out at any time
Patient: They won't mess her up being with her. Will
Nurse: It? No. No, not at all.
Patient: No, I just need a, a specialist on my leg. I, I do my, my a and my medicine doctor but I want, I need a doctor for my leg.
Nurse: Yeah. And this nurse will be able to, you know, get referrals for you and call around and, and
Patient: Another thing uh I need uh we've been trying to get into pain management because you, I've got metal coming out and I can tell you it's bad. I can, I can, I can probably about four or five months ago I got so bad in pain. I can toes, I can, I can pull it up. Sorry, sorry to say that I can, I get, I can crush stuff. That's how bad of pain I'm in and not because I want to be in and I like Doctor [PHI-Personal]. You what was in my records? They, at one time it's been almost seven years ago. I re test in [PHI-Personal] and it was uh had uh it had cocaine in it and marijuana and I've only tried it one a couple of times. Marijuana. I mean cocaine. I don't do it. No more. I've never done it again. They won't put me back in there. I've smoked marijuana since, uh, I smoked marijuana all my life. They wouldn't give me pain pills. I thought marijuana and that eases it up. I don't get home. I don't smoke with nobody. I go to my bedroom, my husband, he makes me stay away from me. I smoke a computer joint and I stay in my bedroom. I don't get, I don't wanna get high off of it. I just do it for the pain, but they don't help no more. Now I'm on a bottle of Tylenol about 10 days in about 10 to 12 days, about the Tylenol arthritis and nothing's helping me. And they said I want pain medicine. I can get a blocker. I can even put a shot in my butt. Now, I have asked her a couple of times. She's gave me like 10 here, 10 there. And I've asked her for a shot. That was the last time. But I was waiting on my blood work or something. I did. Oh, I had to get my blood work done. So she didn't want to interfere with my blood work. But that pain shot. It don't bother me. If I go once every month I can have a pain and they don't want medication that I need it. If you see my leg, everybody's like, why are you walking it hard? Like barely, I walk no more. I got a wheelchair now, I got a cane. I've got a walker. Uh, she don't want me to be in a wheelchair because as soon as you get your butt down in it then you probably not gonna get up. And I'm about 99 seconds from getting in a wheelchair. Now, I can't even, I can't do house duties anymore. I can't do my duties hard because that got to do with my leg. But it hurts. I hurt and I don't feel good. I can't stand up and cook it. I can't stand up and cook. I can't wash them off the floor. I'm on the floor. I can't stand up long period of time. I hurt really bad. Or if I'm sitting in the chair right now, you're in front of me. I used to be my band up on my leg, wrap me up, I'll wrap me up rather we can sit every child for maybe 30 minutes before you leave my home. My legs already busted out with. It's, it, that's an open wound. It, it, it, s out like water. It's like water every day. It's like, but it's water, don't think or no. But it now because my legs opened up and I, I never told nobody this because I do believe in God. But nobody lives with me funny. But I did tell her this one day I said that wound opened up. I keep it. We keep it clean with me. That cream and we keep bandages on it. So, but I think I got it. Oh God, opened that wound up because if it didn't, my leg would have been way off before now. But it's still getting, it's getting bad. It's not good to do that. But I've had two surgeries. I've had two cuts on one side surgery and two cuts on surgery on top of my foot. I can't bend my foot and my toes they my big toes with. But if you take, I'm gonna pull, ok, take all your wrist. I got know you gotta go but take your wrist, all the ankle bones around my wri my ankle bone, you take your wrist, it's crushed. So all this time before surgery, free surgery, all this, your ni tendon and your ligaments and all that is all this much is like your fit. He said if you take all that out, my, my leg ain't been hanging before it. The doctor done the surgery when I had the ra before the macular surgery, it took 5.5 hours, but they don't know what he done. Every other doctor looks at my x like how in the hell did he do that to put that there? They don't know what he does but he does. Yeah, my foot looks like I was an, an auto leg. Doctor [PHI-Personal] is saying it, she's like, what the heck you've been through a lot, a lot, a whole lot. Yeah. And I, but I got out, you can see and I said you wear your seatbelt. I said you wanna look the seatbelt saved your life but it tore me up. Yeah, I got an intention in my neck. The fiber of the seatbelt was in my x-ray when they put the dye in your body. When you have the, you know, the, they put me off the paper and put it up and I was like my leg, you know, but they, the, the di was in my neck. It goes across from my left side all the way down to my right breast and I my, my right breast and I'm not being nasty. I, you know how you get or [PHI-Personal]. So I got a limp down breast and I got a breast. It just straight out points, eye points at you. Oh my
Nurse: Goodness, you poor thing.
Patient: So it ball and kind of make them right. My husband, my husband, he's uh you know how [PHI-Personal] are? He said you got a headlight out and you got one out, wide, wide open. I'm like [PHI-Personal]. I have to make myself laugh. I know. I don't mean to be I didn't. No, no, you're OK. I tell you what it looks like. That's I what it would look like. You got a f your headlight out and you got a one, you shine it away.
Nurse: Oh, that is funny. Well, let me so can I, can, I have, um, can I have a nurse reach out to you and that you at least talk to her and see if there's anything that she can do to help you.
Patient: Hey, trying you trying to, I've done everything else. I'll try get him in mind, honey. You know, doctor, we have been through every, we've been, we tried everything and I'm hard headed and I don't have all that way around. My husband works all the time and I don't, I, I got, I, in the last month, uh, she sees me every three months on medicine and stuff or whatever. I mean, sometimes it's three months. Depends on my situation this time. She's gonna fuss with me, but I don't have no way around. I don't know nobody near where I live. We're trying to redeem that problem. We're trying to figure things out now. And I, I just, I don't know, I don't know anything to get back and forth to, I can even go to the store store. I, I live down the store from Walmart. I can dream Walmart every day. I just can't get there. Yeah. Well, I have a call in my driveway that to me pay for it full. Right. I have it.
Nurse: I mean, I mean, your nurse would be able to fi, to find resources and give you the, and, and help you with things like that.
Patient: Ok. Ok. We'll try
Nurse: It. Ok. Yeah. Give it a shot. And like I said, if you find out it's something that she, you know, it's not working out or you're not benefiting from it, you can opt out at any time. Ok. Ok. So would you like her to call you in the mornings or the afternoon, afternoon? Ok. And then, is this the best phone number for her to reach you at?
Patient: Yes, it's my cell phone. Ok. And then you have a home phone too? Ok. Do you, do you
Nurse: Prefer one over the other
Patient: Cell phone phone on me? Ok.
Nurse: And then your address? I do need to mail you some welcome information. I have 521 East Washington Street, Franklin [PHI-Geographic]. 42134. Yes. Ok. So I'm gonna mail you the information and you said you're seeing [PHI-Personal] this week on Thursday,
Patient: Thursday at one o'clock.
Nurse: Ok. So she'll, I
Patient: Got three doctors. I got allergy doctor at 10, her at one and 3 30. I got, and, and eye doctor. Oh,
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. Busy
Patient: Day. But my husband take off work that day. That's, that's $30 an hour an hour. He's losing. Oh
Nurse: [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Yeah, he's a painter. He's a contractor, painter. He don't work in painting the houses. He works uh Springfield right now doing uh add on to the hospital there. I don't know, I don't know much about Springfield, but yeah, he's the one who's up in the air with the bungee things wrapped around and Yeah.
Nurse: No, thank you. No, thank
Patient: You. He's a [PHI-Personal] he's been painting for, well, this job here he just started about two years ago but he did paint all together about 20 almost 29 years. Oh, wow. Him and his brother had one together. His brother still got it now. But we moved, he wanted to get out on his own. But, yeah, that's hard to miss $30 an hour. I,
Nurse: I, I could not imagine making $30 an hour. I don't
Patient: Want to miss 1 $30 an hour. I don't miss $30 an hour. But sometimes you gotta do. You mean, like I said, uh, we moved up here 12 years ago just to get this one job and he stayed with it 2.5 years ago. And he, he retired, uh, [PHI-Personal] and he was making [PHI-Personal] with him an hour. Then he went to, he at brother now, probably already at brother. That's what he works for now. [PHI-Personal] brothers. Ok. And, uh, that's been with them. Uh, not the older [PHI-Personal] is retiring and giving him, but he's been with him for almost two years now. But, uh, yeah, it's gonna be hard. Like I said, we don't know nobody here. We know, he knows people, me and, uh, he knows everybody down here, but far as getting the women, I don't, I can't get out of the house. I don't, I know, I know I met a few people around the neighborhood here but the older people, the lady in front of me, she's [PHI-Personal]. The lady behind me, [PHI-Personal]. And they both go to my husband's, uh, him and his foreman, they both go to their church. Uh, they get to go to church and stuff so they don't even have either. But I don't know. You know, and I'm [PHI-Personal]. I, and I know they have a bus that comes around you can call your insurance company thing that's what told me about. You could call and make you three or four days in advance of time or whatever. Yeah but my problem is
Nurse: Your nurse would be able to do that kind of stuff for you.
Patient: Ok. Alright my problem is I got brief step I gotta get down on to get in their vehicle and I don't know are they supposed to help you to or what? Yeah. Yeah yeah
Nurse: Your nurse would be able to help you get that set up and get that information and and do what what you need what needs to be done to to get to get you some help
Patient: But can the people help you get from your door to the their vehicle? I think so. Are they
Nurse: Allowed to do that? I I think so
Patient: Because I I mean I I got a thing here on when you get off the step you know got the black metal thing on each side of your porch. Mhm. I got that. And I can get down to the second step, the last step. I know what, you know, the metal out of my reach. I have a walker. I have a walker and a cane, but sometimes I have to have help on my left side to balance my right side because I get off balance. That's what the walker for. But sometimes I'm, I go forward, maybe it's just that way.
Nurse: Well, yeah. Yeah. I, I'll have your nurse reach out to her. I'm gonna let her know that you're seeing [PHI-Personal]. Um, on Thursday, um, [PHI-Personal] will see that. A
Patient: Good p, she's right.
Nurse: Yeah.
Patient: Yeah, I make her laugh. She makes me cry, make her cry. She makes me, she thinks I'm crazy but I'm gonna keep her, but I need a leg doctor too, you know. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. Absolutely. Well, I'll have your nurse reach out to you in the next couple of weeks. Um, I'm gonna make some notes in here, let her know what you're looking for and what you need help with. And I wish you the best of luck. II, I think that you'll be able to get some help from your, from your care management. I need
Patient: A orthopedic specialist and I need a, uh, pain specialist. Ok. She's already got me going to allergy doctor. I thought I got that Thursday. I'm bunch of everything outside and I have a, uh, smoker. Ha she's got me seeing somebody for this. She's got me doing all that stuff and just my leg. My leg is, I need that done. Too bad, bad, bad, bad, bad. It's getting to where I can't even walk to the bathroom. It, it, it hurts really bad. Ok. I'm excruciating pain really bad. And I'm taking Tylenol and what's the best medicine to take for my Aspirin Tylenol? Ok.
Nurse: Oh, I can't advise that kind of information but I'm not because I'm not. Yeah, I'm, I'm not the nurse. But, um, do you want me to have her call you before your appointment on Thursday?
Patient: No. Call me after and then we'll get everything going and that way, you know what? Cause I'm sure she'll be want to know what medicine I take and all that.
Nurse: Right. Yeah. She'll be able to see your medical record just like [PHI-Personal] can see.
Patient: So I don't have to write down, write down all my medicines and stuff. You,
Nurse: You shouldn't have to do that. No,
Patient: Because it's a lot of them. But when I go to, I go to Sheldon's, I say here, tell, tell my husband, here's our grocery bag. That's not bad. Ain't nothing there. I mean it's their stuff there. It is but it's like no, no, no, uh, diabetes, uh, BP, Pepcid. It ain't nothing bad stuff, you know, it just keeps on
Nurse: Stuff you have to take. I understand two blood
Patient: Pressure pills. A diabetic pill. A Metformin. A Pepcid. I got, I got my stomach is messed up all the time. I had my gallbladder took out with nine gallstones, uh, about three months before I had the car wring and it, it just, uh, ever since I had that gallbladder took out it, I can't eat a lot of stuff I used to like, and I have to watch a lot of stuff more that's coming out now, like pepper, anything with pepper in it or pepper on pepper and salt, pepper. Uh, uh, you see those little stupid things you don't think of but as you get it's like, mm. Mm. No, banana peppers love them. You can't eat them. Mm. Yeah, I can eat, like, yeah, pasta. And I, that's why I'm fat from it for my father. I don't really look like my mom, but I can't eat pasta anymore without taking a lot of this. I love, uh, Olive Garden. Olive Garden. I love Olive Garden. Oh, yeah. Every time we go to the bow of green to the doctor's while we go to the Olive Garden and it's like, I can't give me a salad and I like it. You can eat that anymore because it got all that in the, uh, the, the peppercorn ranch dressing. Mm. Mm. So, I just get me Caesar salad Caesar dressing type thing. And I gotta watch the vinegar in that too because it upsets my stomach. You know, I really I need to buy my own salad dresses. I don't know what to make me use anymore.
Nurse: That doesn't have vinegar in it.
Patient: Well, I have to get that, that, that I like that, that orange green sometimes that it's like.
Nurse: Yeah, that's a good one. Yeah. But all right. Well, I'm gonna get this set up for you and like I said, your nurse is gonna call you for your first call in the next couple of weeks. Ok?
Patient: You know their name
Nurse: Um it tell it tells me right now her name is going to be [PHI-Personal]. Ok? And and I wish you the best of luck I I truly do and I hope that you um I hope this works out for you.
Patient: Thank you I hope so too and
Nurse: Yeah I know I know and I I'm gonna let your nurse know what's going on and um she should call you in the next couple of weeks. Alright. Thank you. You're welcome Susan have a great rest of your day. You too. Bye bye bye.
