Nurse: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: I received a voice mail from this number.
Nurse: Um ok, let me pull up your chart. Can you tell me your birthday, please?
Patient: 12, 25 48.
Nurse: Ok. Um Yes. So I had called actually let me make sure that that is correct. Yes. Ok. So I had called because again, my name is [PHI-Personal]. Um and I received a message that you were interested in the chronic care management program. Is that right? Ok. Um So again, my name is [PHI-Personal]. I'm with Doctor [PHI-Personal] office. Um and I'm a registered nurse. So I will be the nurse taking care of you. Um And did they kind of tell you what the program is? Tell you anything about it?
Patient: Not too much.
Nurse: Ok. So what the program is is um I call you whenever you want. Um some patients have me call and check in with them every month for some patients. It's every six months, you know, kind of anywhere in between depending on what you feel would be beneficial for you. Um And so as a nurse, I can, you know, give you medical advice if you get sick with anything. Um in the meantime, or have a flare up. Um, you know, we can kinda go through that and discuss that or I do see that you have diabetes. Is that right? Right. Ok. So, with that, I mean, you know, sometimes I have patients where all of a sudden they start having problems with their blood sugars and so then I can help you with that and kind of be your liaison with the office a little bit since I know sometimes the office can be a little hard to get, um, get in touch with.
Patient: They are very hard to, it's, it is so difficult to get an appointment in Doctor [PHI-Personal] office until I had to go out and look for another primary. But the new primary can't see me until [PHI-Personal]. So this is crazy. And the one question I asked was, am I gonna be able to get the medical attention that I need? That's my, that's my problem is that. And I mean, my Meralgia paresthetica flared up really bad a couple of weeks ago and someone from the care office called, explained the program, blah, blah, blah. And they said, would you like someone to call you since you're having that issue right now? And she says, ok, I'll have a nurse call you. It's been almost two weeks. Is that not insane? So, in the meantime, I called the office, they couldn't get me in, they couldn't, they had no appointments with no doctor. No, nothing. So, they called around to other offices. I guess you all are in a network. Tampa. General Network. Yes, ma'am. I had to call around, call around, find another doctor. I've never seen before. Who knows nothing about my history and get, see if they could work me in to get an appointment for my Meralgia paresthetica. And what that is is there's a nerve in Behi. Mhm. That somehow, um, it gets, it hits the ligaments and stuff like when the nerve comes in contact or that, uh, it's swollen in that area or I gain weight in that area, the nerve goes bonkers cause now it's hitting other muscles and ligaments and everything. So my right leg is for, it starts itching like crazy and I have a brush that I use because I can't scratch it. I scratch it so much, it'll just hurt real bad. So it'll itch first and then it goes numb, completely numb from the hip to the knee. And sometimes I think I'm walking and I'm not, sometimes I think I'm, you know, so it's hard for me. I have to pay attention to make sure if it's numb that I'm either sitting or walking or whatever. So I can't stand for a long period of time, can't walk for a long period of time, you know, and all of this until it calms down. I don't know what the leg is doing. So I have to really pay attention to it. So what I was trying to get was like gabapentin for nerves or trying to get, I don't know what they prescribe different things, physical therapy and whatever else to back that nerve off that ligament or whatever. So I just needed some attention, man. I went through hell trying to get somebody to address my issue. I have never had this kind of medical service before, before I moved here. You call a doctor's office. If the doctor can't see you, the nurse sees you, somebody sees you, you don't have to run all over the place to strange doctors. Mhm. That's
Nurse: Crazy. Yeah. I'm, I'm sorry, you had such a hard time. That's, that's hard. But
Patient: I've had this all along and I'm just tired of it. I'm just over it. Mhm. And I'm like, if Doctor [PHI-Personal] can't take care of me, then I'll just go look for somebody else. Yeah. It shouldn't be that hard when I have a problem because I rarely have a problem. Mhm. When I have a problem it shouldn't be that difficult to get somebody to address it to see me for five minutes. Mhm.
Nurse: Yeah. And, um, so as, you know, the chronic care management service, I am still a little limited by her schedule. Um, and so, I mean, uh, to be honest, I can't promise you that I can get you in with her. Um, if there is a problem that comes up I will be able to get you in with someone else. So you won't need to, to call around, you know, to do all this work. I will do that for you. It
Patient: Needs to be somebody in her office who knows my history and they have my records and they have, I have a spreadsheet with my whole medical history that's in your system, all my medications, all my shots, everything I update the spreadsheet every time I come for an appointment with any doctor, I always make sure all the current information is there. My allergies and it goes back to, like, [PHI-Personal]. You know, so they've got everything, they know my history right there. I shouldn't have to go outside of that office. There should be somebody there that can, that can see me for five minutes.
Nurse: Mhm. Which usually we do have, you know, at least someone in the office with an opening. Um, usually it's, to be honest, usually it's not Doctor [PHI-Personal]. She is booked up pretty far out, but we do usually have
Patient: And she's only one person. So, you know, it's impossible for her to take care of everybody's issues all the time. She go nuts. But there should be a backup plan. Somebody there in that office where my records are.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, I can completely understand that. Mhm. Um, yeah, I do understand that. And we do usually, again, usually have openings with one of our other providers. There's [PHI-Personal] in the office. Um, we also have a Doctor [PHI-Personal] in the
Patient: Office. They didn't have anything and I don't fault them for it because it's probably so many of us with so many issues, you know, they're probably overloaded.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. Well, um, I mean, is this, this program something you're interested in again? You know, I can't do everything but, ok, perfect. And then if you are having a problem,
Patient: At least you can direct me though.
Nurse: Yeah, of course. And I can schedule appointments for you too so I can look up their schedules, you know, kinda talk with you over the phone while we're looking things up. Um I can message them, you know, get refills for you, kind of get things moving and do a lot of work on your behalf.
Patient: Yes. And that that's why I'm interested in the program because it may help me with the communication and the connection that I need with that office.
Nurse: Mhm. Perfect. And I am usually a lot more accessible than the office if you know, if I'm on the phone with someone and you do need to leave a message for me. I do get back to you either the same day or the next day at the very latest.
Patient: Now, how do I reach you? Is there a special number?
Nurse: Yes. So let me give you my phone number. Um and if I'm busy then sometimes it will send you to one of our other nurses, um, or have you leave a message and again, I get back to you either the same day or the next day if I absolutely can't make it that same day. Ok. Um, so my phone number is [PHI-Account]. Ok, [PHI-Account]. Ok. And we are available, um, Monday through Friday from about 8 to 4 or 4 30. Um, and so we don't work on the weekends. So if you do leave me a message on Friday, then I will get back to you Monday. Usually in the morning, usually I go through my voice mails and call everyone who called me very first thing,
Patient: Right? If it's an urgent thing over the weekend, I'll just go to emergency or go to you know, one of the urgent cares.
Nurse: Mhm. Perfect and leave me a message still. So then I'll check in with you on Monday. But yeah, if it's an emergency over the weekend, then then I would definitely recommend urgent care emergency room and then I'll check in with you and and see you know how you're doing or what I can
Patient: Do. I've used urgent care in your office there. I've used that urgent care so much. It's just ridiculous that I have to do that. So some of the stuff isn't really like urgent or whatever that urgent that I should use that, but it's a situation where I can't wait. Mhm.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, I definitely understand that and, you know, that is, you know, kind of the purpose of our program is we do try to help avoid those situations, you know, where, where you're right. It's not absolutely urgent now, but it is more pressing than, you know, needing to wait a couple months for your next appointment.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah.
Nurse: All right. Well, any questions about the program, any concerns or anything you wanna ask me?
Patient: No, no, I'll just, and what, what would be my schedule? I mean, I don't have a lot of the, I am on high BP medicine, cholesterol medicine, diabetes, medicine, Metformin. And right now I'm being treated for walking [PHI-Personal] and that's outside, that's with the pulmonary specialist. So I've got lots of inhalers. I got predniSONE, I got all this stuff. So I'm, that's not coming out of Doctor [PHI-Personal] office. The pulmonologist is working with me and it's getting much, much better. Good. I'm glad
Nurse: To hear that.
Patient: Yeah, that's the only other than the Meralgia paresthetica in my leg. Then, then, um, the walking [PHI-Personal] is the reason situation that I'm cause they kept me calling it the wrong thing. I thought I had COVID and I kept testing, it kept being negative. So I went to urgent care. They said no, you have influenza type B. So then I go to a pulmonologist and they says you have asthma, excuse me? I thought it was influenza. They say no, you have asthma or bronchitis. So then I go to a specialist, another specialist. And they said no, we did the, they did blood work, they did ac T scan of my lungs. They sent me over to the hospital to do contrast C tt with contrast. They were very thorough and they said we didn't catch it in time but you have walking [PHI-Personal] and if we had caught it in time you wouldn't still have it, you know, a month later you still wouldn't be struggling with it because it was not, the diagnosis was incorrect.
Nurse: That is rough. Yeah. Since
Patient: [PHI-Personal], since the last week in [PHI-Personal]. Oh, is that the same? But I'm almost over it.
Nurse: Good. That is great to hear. I was gonna ask how that's going. Good. Yeah, that is a long time.
Patient: A month. Yeah. Yeah.
Nurse: And how is the, um, Meralgia paresthetica? Is that better too? They,
Patient: They gave me, um, gabapentin, they gave me predniSONE and a prescription for, um, physical therapy. And she, she sent me a flyer to get an electrolysis type machine that actually, um, shoots electronic. I guess, I guess when it shoots these electronic waves into the joint, it activates some kind of way to get the nerve to back off. I don't know how to explain it, but she says these e elect electrodes will help me get that nerve to reposition. So it's not touching. So it must shock it some kind of way. Mhm. But I don't know if I'm gonna do that. That's like very expensive and it's a monthly payment and all. And, uh, I wanna see if the medication and all will work first and I, and I have to lose weight and quit eating so much. So that, so that cause anything that if it, if there's swelling in that area, if I gain weight in that area or whatever happens in that area somehow hits that nerve because it's, now it's bigger, there's no space there, so it's bigger. So I know, you know, I've had it for years, so I pretty much know, I have to make sure that nerve stays isolated where it needs to be and I don't create an agitate it some kind of way. Ok. So I'm gonna go to physical therapy and just so, you know, I cruise every month for a week, every month. So, so sometimes, um, you know, we set an appointment for once a month. It would, it would be around my cruises and I never cruise around like the first or the last week. It's usually in the middle. Ok, of the month. But would that work for you the first week of the month or the last week of the month?
Nurse: Yes, ma'am. Yep, I can definitely check in with you the beginning of every month. Um, and then if we miss each other, then I'll schedule you to call at the end.
Patient: That works.
Nurse: Ok. Well, I'm going to send out a letter in the mail. Um, we just send this to all of our patients. It's just a list of the preventative screenings that you're due for this year. Um, and those are just things like your annual physical, um, a mammogram, that kind of
Patient: Stuff. Yes. And I've already had those. The only thing I have to do now, the last thing I have to do is dental. So I just had a mammogram last week I had physical in [PHI-Personal]. I had my blood, all the blood work was done in Doctor [PHI-Personal] office.
Nurse: Ok, perfect. And then that will have that completion date next to it. So you don't have to worry about about that then.
Patient: Yeah. And then I guess I have to go back in [PHI-Personal], which is six months after my physical for more, you know, blood work, the twice a year blood work thing. So I already have those appointments.
Nurse: Yes, I do see that in [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. But other than that, all my shots are up to date, everything is good and I had my eye exam. I have everything that I need for the annual the prevention. The the only thing I have to do is my dental.
Nurse: Ok, perfect. And I'll update your chart and make sure that that is all in there and updated. Um and then I will check in with you the beginning of next month, but of course, you know, you are Welcome to call me if you need anything in the meantime. Ok.
Patient: Ok. If you need dates or doctor's names or whatever, for the preventive stuff, let me know or send me a text message or whatever and I'll respond back to you.
Nurse: Ok, perfect. I will usually message you through my chart if I need anything um or I'll make a note and, and talk with you about it on the next call.
Patient: Sounds good. Ok, [PHI-Personal]. Thank you so much for calling.
Nurse: Of course you have a good day and I will talk to you the beginning of June. Ok?
Patient: Ok, appreciate the call.
Nurse: Yeah, bye bye. Alright,
Patient: Bye bye.
