Nurse: Good morning. This is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you?
Patient: Good morning. Um, this is [PHI-Personal] and I got a call from [PHI-Personal] on the chronic nurse team. Is she, is she available? My birthday is [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: All right, ma'am. Let me see if she is available for you or
Patient: If there's a message there.
Nurse: Ok. Um, I wonder when she called, did she call you yesterday or today?
Patient: Neither. I think it was two days ago,
Nurse: Two days ago. Ok. Um, I just saw it. Ok. Ok. Yeah, because it looks like I did end up speaking with you the other day.
Patient: Yes. Yes, I did speak to a T but there's also a day care that I got this wonderful walker from.
Nurse: Oh, excellent. Excellent.
Patient: The other thing I've been using is an antique and it's just so much easier to take.
Nurse: Oh, well, good, good. I'm glad that you've got some new hardware going there for you.
Patient: I do and I just wanted to thank you and that, uh, I guess it's not urgent. She'll call me back if there's something.
Nurse: Ok. Well, let me get you pulled up here. I'm trying to get you guys, you and, um, and [PHI-Personal] opened up to see.
Patient: Yeah, and [PHI-Personal] needs a walker also. He has Parkinson's and we just were with an it and the nurse and said we have something with our circulation in our legs and, and he's really a candidate to fall.
Nurse: Yeah. Ok. Ok. Um, and let's see. Ok. Yeah. So I had tried to call [PHI-Personal] the other day too. We were gonna get him all enrolled and everything um with the care management and um follow up on his BP concerns. So.
Patient: Oh, he took it, I did give him that message and um it was 1 18 so it's actually better every day. Call you back.
Nurse: Ok, good, good. Well, I'm glad that the BP seems a little bit more stable. Um just have him, yeah, keep a close eye on it every day and monitor for those trends if it stays elevated for, you know, more than three days, be sure to let us know but if it is elevated at the time that he takes it, um, you know, just have him rest reevaluate in about 15, 20 minutes um and then see where he's at there. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Thank you so much.
Nurse: All right. Yeah. Um
Patient: You wanna talk to him? I'll go out and see if I can find it
Nurse: If I mean if he, if he's available. Sure I can talk with him.
Patient: Sign him up. Ok.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. But it looks like [PHI-Personal] tried to reach out to you a couple days before you and I ended up speaking. So, um, unless if there's anything more I can help you with right now, then we'll just uh check back with you in about a month. Ok.
Patient: Well, my BP yesterday when they at the doctor he was here was 1 52. So she said I'm taking Candesartan and I was taking 16 mg. She said cut back to [PHI-Account] milligrams. So I, ok, I'm doing that and I'm gonna go check my BP now. So thank you.
Nurse: I'll be. So which um which doctor was that, that told you
Patient: This is with Aetna insurance once a year they send a doctor to your home to do an evaluation. Yeah, you might ask doctor about that. But um or you may know but uh that's what she suggested I do.
Nurse: Ok? Yeah, that is common that they send out for the annual evaluation. I'll let doctor [PHI-Personal] know that they uh you know, recommended that change. Um, and that was just yesterday for you. Right. Right,
Patient: Right. I'm going upstairs now to check it. I can go check it.
Nurse: Ok? Yeah, so um, well, if you wanna hand the phone off, if [PHI-Personal] is available, I'll talk with him but I want you to sit and relax for a couple minutes before you check that BP because if you're walking around doing lots of things, it'll still be a little elevated. So it's best to, you know, even
Patient: He's fighting me on this, uh, walker, but he really does need it. Don't mention it to him because we, we're fighting about it, but he really needs it and he fell yesterday and he's quite
Nurse: Stubborn. Ok? I won't mention it. All right. Let me. Yeah. Yeah. So for you, um, you know, if you can go empty your bladder and then sit and relax for a little bit and then check that BP after about a fit about five minutes. Ok? And we'll just keep an eye on that, but I'll let doctor [PHI-Personal] know about that uh suggested change.
Patient: Ok. Thank you so much. I'm so I'm going to get
Nurse: Oh, ok.
Patient: I'm on the A MP. Ok, Jim [PHI-Personal], this is [PHI-Personal]. She's a chronic nurse with doctor. I sign you up for this program, doctor from time to time. Mhm. I been trying to reach you here. Hello?
Nurse: Hi, good morning James. How are you? Good, good, good. My name is Carissa. Uh I think your wife told you I'm one of the nurses as part of your care team with doctor Latin. And um I wanted to talk to you, your wife is enrolled in the care management program and so we've got you set up as well. Um This is just an added extra care benefit and resource that uh we try to keep in contact with you on routine basis to identify any sort of changes in your health or any new conditions or concerns. Um, we communicate with your doctors if we need to, you know, change any medications or anything of that regarding your health. Ok. Ok. Ok. Yeah. So our goal is just to, you know, help keep you as best functionality and health situation that we can in between your office visits. And, um, we're available. If you have any concerns, you can always reach out to me. I'm available weekdays. So I have your wife has my number but I'll be sending you a letter in the mail as well. Um, so it'll have my contact information on there. If you have any concerns, you can utilize me, um, a direct call. Um, and I can review any sort of concerns with doctor Lamar. Ok. Mhm. All right. So, as far as your current medications, I just wanna verify that we have everything up to date. Um, we have that you are taking a vitamin B 12 supplement daily. Yeah. A men once a day vitamin. Yeah. The Plavix 75 mg daily. Uh huh. And then the Sinemet 25 and 100 mg. 32 tablets you take three times a day. What is that one? The Carbidopa Levodopa. Yeah. The Parkinson's medicine. Yeah. Ok. Um, so you take two tablets three times a day, correct? Yeah. All right. Excellent. And so any other medications or supplements that you take on a routine basis. I don't think so. No. Ok. All right. Do you use any sort of pill box to set up your pills in a weekly organizer? Yes. Ok. Good. Excellent. And do you need any refills right now? Not right now? No. Ok. All right. Good. Good. As long as you were up to date on everything. Um, and then your wife mentioned that you were kind of keeping an eye on your BP. It was a little elevated sometimes on occasion. Yes, on occasion. Ok. All right. So that's good that you have a BP monitor at home to keep an eye on it. That really helps with identifying uh, fluctuations and changes in your health and we can, you know, speak with the doctor about um, medication changes or anything like that necessary before there's any chronic issue going on. Ok. So continue to keep an eye on that BP. And, um, you know, best practice is to empty your bladder, not drink any caffeine for about 15 to 30 minutes before you check your BP. Um, avoid any strenuous exercise before checking and then just kind of sit and relax, have your feet planted and, um, check that BP about five minutes after a good rest period. That gives us the most accurate results. Ok. Ok. All right. If you do notice that it's still elevated or has, you know, a trend that it's staying higher than you would normally like to see, um, give me a call, let me know and we can discuss what those results are and then see what Doctor Lamar would like to do about that to keep you in a good controlled range. Ok. If I have a prescription for amLODIPine, ok. That I take when it gets high. Ok. Is that from Doctor Warner in the past or do you see the cardiologist for that Doctor Warner? Doctor Warner in the past? Ok. And you just use it on like an as needed basis? Yes. Ok. Is it a five mg tablet? I don't know what it is here. Ok. All right. Well, how often do you feel like you take that? Not very frequently? Ok. All right. Um, well, that's good that you have that on hand and, um, just continue to keep an eye on that. If we start noticing that you're, you know, taking it more and more frequently, then we'll see about Doctor Lamar and getting an up to date prescription and things like that for you. Ok. Ok. All right. Well, I'm glad we got to speak today, sir. You keep me in mind if there's any sort of concerns. Um, I'm here for you to help out. Ok. Thank you. All right. You're welcome. And your wife was gonna check her BP. Um, so just let her know that she can give me a call back if there's any concerns, um, here today and tomorrow. Ok. Ok. Thank you. Alright, take care. Good bye bye bye.
