Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal] with the care management team. How can I help you?
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal], this is [PHI-Personal]. You just called a few minutes ago?
Nurse: Yes, [PHI-Personal]. Thank you for getting back to me so quickly. How are you today? I'm good, good. Uh, the reason I was calling because I just wanted to introduce, uh, a new program that Doctor [PHI-Personal] is offering to our patients. Do you have a couple of minutes for me to go over the information? Yeah. Right. Great. Uh, [PHI-Personal], the call is recorded for quality purposes. Ok. Ok. That's fine. Um, so what it is really, [PHI-Personal], it's a new care management program and behavior health program. Uh, that's just where our nurse will call and check in with you, see how you're doing in between office visits. Uh, she'll go over your full medical health with you answering any questions addressing any issues or concerns that you may be having. Um, uh, she'll also go over any medications that you're taking. So if you had questions about those or if you needed refills, um, or if you just had questions and needed help with things like appointments, labs, community resources, those are just some of the things she'll talk to you about during the phone call. Ok. All right. Um, your nurse, she's in daily communication with doctor [PHI-Personal]. So everything you discuss is documented for her to review. So that way she's kept up to date on how you're doing. Ok. Um, I do wanna let you know [PHI-Personal] that the care management programs and behavior health programs are both considered to be office visits. So they're both billable services to Medicare and Medicare Advantage plans and secondary insurance carriers. Uh, they're both subject to co insurances and deductibles and co payments. So you may get a statement from the practice for approximately $8 when you have contact with your dedicated nurse. Um, you get to choose how often the n your nurse calls you, uh, if you'd like her to call once a month or once every three months, six months, maybe just once
Patient: A year, I don't know. See I go in, um, whenever I can, uh, um, whenever I have anything going on, does, do you mean this nurse comes to the house?
Nurse: No, it's just, it's just a regular phone call, phone call. Um, because the programs just help doctor [PHI-Personal] stay on top of how you're doing in between appointments with her and they're designed to offer additional support for you as well.
Patient: Ok. I do try to keep up, uh, keep going into her and I go, if, in fact, um, I wanted to, uh, make appointment. I, uh, I think I had lab work the last time and nothing has changed. Ok. Um, I've been running around a lot but my husband passed away in October. And, um, uh, thank you. My, uh, two sisters have been my other, my one sister, she lost her husband a y, well, six months before my husband. So we're just sort of like we call ourselves Elma and [PHI-Personal]. We just don't know if you ever saw that movie, but we just are just out, we went to my other sister's in [PHI-Geographic] twice. Oh, wow. And then we, we just got back from [PHI-Geographic] and we went to, um, um, huh, Wildwood, New Jersey with my other sister. She spends half the year in, um, [PHI-Geographic] and then the other half up here in Cape [PHI-Personal]. Um, oh, oo, used to be, keep my and, uh, her, her family's up here. So we've just been all over the country and we're supposed to go on a, with them. They're gonna rent A RV. And we're going in the fall, I think in [PHI-Personal]. I think we're going to go to the [PHI-Geographic]. Wow. I know. We're just going everywhere. No. That's
Nurse: Good. [PHI-Personal]. That's
Patient: Good. That's good. Yeah. Yeah, we're both of us were sitting and, you know, it's like, what do you do? You know? So you're used to having someone with you and going somewhere. So, anyhow, um, but I did try to keep up with her but I can do that. I can try that for a little while. I don't know. Sure. Ok.
Nurse: You know, well, like I said, you know, even if you wanted your nurse to call you just once a year and then that way, if you still had any questions or concerns you're able to reach out to her throughout that time if you did have any. Ok.
Patient: Is, but does, is this, um, actually that the doc because, you know, um, I have high, high Mark [PHI-Personal] and, you know, they are doing the same thing, they were doing the, the same thing. They, they wanted to come to the house. So I didn't want someone to come to the house because I, I don't know. I just felt it's a little strange. Yeah, I, I, yeah, I just didn't, I don't know. So then now when you were saying this is, is that like a spin off? So you, we don't have to deal with them because to me, why should [PHI-Personal] come here? Yeah. It's an insurance company. I don't care if it's a nurse practitioner or not. I just feel that you should see your doctor.
Nurse: Yes. Yes. And, and that's really what it is. You know, it, like I said, you know, it does help doctor [PHI-Personal], it helps doctor stay on top of how their patients are doing. Um, but it is being offered throughout through through, through the practice to the doctors, not through the insurance. Um, but, you know, a lot of the patients, a lot of insurances, they do offer the, the same type of program to the patients. Um, but a lot of the patients actually prefer to do it through their doctor because their, their, their doctors are already familiar with them. You already have, I
Patient: Would rather do that than [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. Yeah.
Nurse: So, but you, and just so, you know, you are able to opt out at any time too [PHI-Personal] for whatever reason. Ok.
Patient: Well, you know what, we could do that, like, every six months rather than so, I think I get in there about every six months. I,
Nurse: Ok. So, would you like it to alternate with your appointments then in between your appointments?
Patient: Yeah, we could do that. Yeah. I don't know. I don't think I have an appointment set. I know I have to get in there. Um, I just went for a mammogram so I wanna go for, have to go to the, um, I did have contact surgery, cataract, contact, oh, my gosh, cataract surgery. Uh, two months ago. And I haven't seen doctor, uh, [PHI-Personal] since I had that. I don't think she even knew I was having that done. I might have said something way back when I don't think I've been in there since [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Your, your appointment was, uh, uh, [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Ok. All right.
Nurse: All right. But I'll let, I'll let, uh, uh, Doctor [PHI-Personal] know that you did have cataract surgery. I'll make a note put that in there for
Patient: Her. Right. And they're doing fine. I'm, I'm terrific. Wonderful, great. All right.
Nurse: Um,
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: All right, [PHI-Personal]. Really quick. I just wanna confirm the information we have for you is still the same. Uh, we have your mailing address. So is 3 31 South Second Street, Elton P A 17113. And I believe you said we, your insurance, we still have it on file is high mark. Mhm. Ok, great. Right now, [PHI-Personal], your nurse, she should be giving you a call in about two weeks or so. I say like approximately uh where she's just gonna introduce herself to you and get to know you a little bit and then at that time you would just let her know when you'd like her to give you a call back again. Um, I will let her know that you're looking for a call every six months and you like it to alternate in between your appointments. Um, but just so, you know, this frequency doesn't have to be the same all the time, you know, depending on how, what's going on with you too, you know. All right.
Patient: So like if we're going out to, to wherever we're going, I can say, ok, you know, make the call a little later than. Mhm.
Nurse: Yeah, you could say, you know, if it went away or whatever, for whatever reason. So, you know, instead of calling me in six months, why don't you call me in, in nine or even a year? You know what I mean? So, but that again that's up to you. All right.
Patient: Ok. All right. Sounds good. Ok,
Nurse: Well then you're all set, [PHI-Personal]. I hope you have a great
Patient: Day. All right, thanks. Alright. Oh, you're welcome. Bye bye bye.
