Nurse: Good afternoon. This is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you? This is,
Patient: And I got a voice mail to call you. Hi,
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. Yes, how are you today? Oh, I'm
Patient: Good thanks. How are
Nurse: You? Oh, good. Thank you. Just bear with me one moment while I pull up your information. Ok. Ok. Hm. Ok. And just letting you know that this call is being recorded for quality purposes, but I was just calling to go over some information about the new care management program that doctor [PHI-Personal] is offering you. Basically, it's just a dedicated nurse giving you a monthly phone call to check in and see how you're doing between office visits and to answer any questions or concerns that you may have. And she'd also be able to assist you with things like medications, test results, prescription cost reductions, basically anything pertaining to your health and she'd be an additional resource for you. And then the calls are documented and sent to Doctor [PHI-Personal] for review which keeps him updated on your well being. They are treated as a billable service to Medicare, Medicare Advantage plans and secondary insurance carriers. They're subject to deductible coinsurance and copays So you may receive a statement from the practice for these services. Now, would you prefer the nurses call in the morning or the afternoon? [PHI-Personal]? Um, it just
Patient: Depends on the day actually.
Nurse: Sure. So we're, um, normally our normal hours are Monday through Friday from 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. is there a certain day that works better for you?
Patient: Um, goodness. Um, I'm trying to think. Sure. Never at 8 a.m. or 9 a.m. Never before 10 because I keep my phone blocked before 10. Ok. Probably Fridays might be good.
Nurse: Sure, I'll let her know Fridays after 10 a.m.
Patient: Uh huh at between, between 10 and 12. That would, well, occasionally I have her appointments then, um, might as well give that a try. I don't have her appointments that often. So. Ok,
Nurse: Perfect. And, um, and then you can always change that time too, you know, when you talk to her. Um, if that time won't work for the next call, you could just let her know and she could work around your schedule. Ok. That's great. Perfect. And I'll also send you a letter that has the nurses contact information to 1919 [PHI-Geographic]. And is the Medicare still your primary insurance? Yes. And then the United Healthcare A ARP as the secondary. Yes. Ok, wonderful here. So I will get that letter sent right out for you and then the nurse will be in touch with an initial call. Soon. I do really appreciate you giving me a call back today, [PHI-Personal] and I hope you enjoy the rest of your day. Uh One question
Patient: Is the nurse with Doctor [PHI-Personal] office or is it a nurse from some other part of me?
Nurse: No. And, um, she, it's not one of the nurses from in the office. Um, especially since it's a new program. Um, if it was one of the nurses in the office, they would just be stuck calling on the phone all day. So, um, it'll be a different nurse. Yeah. All right. Wonderful here. Thanks again, Sheila and I hope you have a great rest of your day. You too. Bye. Thank you. Bye bye.
