Nurse: This is [PHI-Personal]. May I help you?
Patient: Hey, [PHI-Personal], good morning. Uh, this is, uh, [PHI-Personal]. You can
Nurse: Call. Hi, good morning. How are you?
Patient: I'm doing well, thanks. How are you? How about you? I'm
Nurse: Wonderful. What can I do for you?
Patient: Hey, um, I wanted to touch base with you. Um, I think, you know, that I told you we're leaving on a two week, uh, cruise slash a visit to [PHI-Geographic]. Ok. And, uh, yeah, uh, we've, uh, we've been talking to friends and relatives the last, uh, few days, et cetera and, uh, they were talking about people that we know that have had COVID. Uh-huh. Uh, both my wife and I were vaccinated first in the, in, in the boosters. Uh, um, we are, we're going to take with, uh, with us, you know, the, uh, COVID, uh, test kit in case there, you know, something happens while we're while we're away. Ok. Um, there, there is a medication that I know you're familiar with Paxlovid that people take when, uh, when they have, uh, you know, they test positive for, for that. Is that something that, uh, you would recommend that we do?
Nurse: Um, if you were to test positive, it is a good option for you. Uh being on, you know, the way your trip is planned. I don't know. Um, you know, if you were to get sick while you were away how, you know, if you would be able to, to get that and they don't prescribe it uh prophylactically so you couldn't, like get it and take it with you just in case. Um, and that's just because of the requirements for the prescribing of it, it has to be done within, you know, it has to be started within five days of your symptom onset. So just keep that in mind. Um, generally if you were to get exposed while you were out there, um you would probably be close to the end of your trip or back home before you actually got sick. Right. So, if that happens, just let us know and it definitely would be an option at that point.
Patient: But uh prophylactic prophylactically, you cannot prescribe it. Right. Right. Ok. That, well, that's really what I wanted to uh, talk to you about. I understand the, the, uh the procedure and et cetera. And what about uh being uh, well, at some point, well, maybe it's not, but uh being on blood thinners should not preclude me from taking it if I, if I need it and if I can get it, if the ship provides it or whatever,
Nurse: Um, let me look, I know it, they recommend you don't take statins with it. Let me see what else? I don't wanna tell you wrong. And you're on the Xarelto, right. Yes. Ok. There are certain medications. But I'm not, so, it is a potential but it's not, um, that you totally can't take it. It would just be sort of a, um, that issue to be weighed by a provider at that time. But definitely if you're away, you know, and you see a different provider other than Doctor [PHI-Personal] or somebody here, just be sure that they do know every medication that you're taking. Ok.
Patient: Ok. All right. Well, thanks very much.
Nurse: You're welcome and enjoy that trip. I bet there'll be some beautiful flights in [PHI-Geographic].
Patient: Looking forward to it. Ok. All right. Bye bye now. Thanks. Bye bye.
