Nurse: Thank you for calling Chronic Care Management. This is [PHI-Personal], can I help you?
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. It's, how are you? I'm good.
Nurse: How are you?
Patient: Well, I'm a little better. I mean, I feel a little better today. The pain is not so bad from them doing the reduction, you know, that was so painful. I couldn't stand it.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah.
Patient: But anyway, I have, I have three people here tomorrow. I got two women coming in to clean the whole house and I got some women here now that's helping me, she's gonna change the bed and then, uh, go get a bath good or so, I think that would be great. Plus I'm having my groceries delivered at six and the guy can put them away at night. Yeah. And I just ordered meat from ha. So I can't go anywhere or do anything. Right. You know. So, I don't know how long I'll be off work. I'm off all this week. I probably can't, I can't type but I can't even, uh, uh, I, I can't text either, you know, because it's my left hand, right. So I can't, I can't do much. So, I don't know. How long I'm gonna be off work.
Nurse: Oh, well, I'm glad to hear you're feeling a little bit better anyway.
Patient: Yeah. I don't have that stabbing pain. Like I think I'm gonna die either. So
Nurse: Good. Are you taking, um, the Percocet?
Patient: I didn't take it yet because I haven't picked it up because I had no way to get it. Now. This girl's taking me over there to get it now. Ok. Good. But, yes, I haven't taken it. I just suffered.
Nurse: Oh, man, I, I
Patient: Couldn't get it. I didn't hear everybody. I knew my other friend was, uh, getting the stitches out of her face. She fell flat in her face has two black eyes, a broken nose. So she couldn't come yesterday. My other friend lives 28 miles away and she works so she couldn't come. So I didn't have anybody to come and my friend's over in Turkey and he's not coming back until the end of next week. So let's see where things will be better.
Nurse: Right? Ok. Oh, ok. Well, um, I'm glad to hear you're feeling a little better. That's good. Um, and then when
Patient: I must have a high pain tolerance, you know, you
Nurse: Must, because I think I would have been walking there by
Patient: Now. Well, I mean, with that, when, when they gave me that one Percocet, it, it didn't do anything when they were, when they were doing that reduction. It, it, they gave me three shots and, uh, it didn't do anything. He said he never had anybody that had three shots and it didn't do anything. Oh,
Nurse: It must have, I mean, I can't imagine how painful that must
Patient: Have been. It was excruciating. But once they good about paying you do forget it. Yeah, that's true. I mean, you can't remember how bad it was. I just remember looking at him and tell him if he didn't do it this time I was leaving. I don't blame
Nurse: You.
Patient: Ok? Because you must have to operate. I don't care.
Nurse: Yeah. Right. Oh, man, I'm so glad they got it. But man, that's a bummer. An
Patient: Hour and a half. That was, I could have killed them. Yeah. II, I didn't have, I didn't have a head
Nurse: So he kind of had an, or they had an advantage over you.
Patient: Yes, they certainly did. They were bad and they each had one end of my arm. I thought they were gonna kill me. Yeah.
Nurse: Oh, boy. All right. So getting a bath, right. Make sure you. Is your cast waterproof or is it just plaster?
Patient: Oh, no, it's, it's uh, it's not plaster, it's something else. Plaster underneath, but it has a ban. Oh, yeah, I'm gonna put a garbage bag over it.
Nurse: Perfect. Perfect. And you can still feel, feel your fingers. They're not tingling or numb or
Patient: No. I keep pressing them to make sure that you see the white, you know, they're not swelling up or anything and I keep moving them. I keep moving them. Yeah, that's good. Ok. Yeah, they're ok. And I go back to that Doctor Tuesday.
Nurse: Ok. Good. All
Patient: Right. The, the orthopedic guy. Yeah. Whatever his name is.
Nurse: Yeah. Ok. Good deal. Well, um, I won't keep you then. Sounds like you have a busy day but feel free to call. Well,
Patient: I'm, I'm sitting up on the couch now. I'm not just laying in bed, so I have a couch with a recliner in each end and I decided to get up and sit in it today, rather just lay in bed because my back is getting better because I was having a terrible time getting out of bed, even though I could have my, you know, that flexible bed with the remote and I could make the back come up. I still, I had no, no leverage to get out of bed. Yeah. Yeah. So, and this thing, I have a remote, I have buttons to push to put the feet down and then, uh, uh, you know, I can get up from there. Right.
Nurse: Ok. Good.
Patient: Well, so, anyway, yeah. Well, somebody's doing my laundry and she's cleaning the kitchen and the others are gonna come and clean the rest of the houses. I'm gonna have her clean the bed yet. Do the bed. Right. And, uh, because I think that probably ST and, uh, you know, then they're gonna come and clean the whole house tomorrow. So at least that'll be, that'll be done. Yeah. Ok, because I do have dog hair with the two dogs. Right.
Nurse: Yeah, it's easy to get behind, that's for sure.
Patient: Oh, yeah. Well, I was gonna do a lot of this Sunday. Yeah. Well, I did and, you know, well,
Nurse: That's life.
Patient: Huh? That's why, that's the way it goes, you know? Everybody seems it is dirty as it's ever been. So they'll just have to clean it. That's right. You know. Yeah.
Nurse: All right. Well, if you need anything, feel free to give me a call. Otherwise I'll check in, in with you in a week or so just to see how things are going, if that sounds. Ok.
Patient: Well, I think I'll be better. I be, I got some, I finally ate yesterday. So that helped, I think. Yeah, that
Nurse: Probably helped you feel
Patient: Better. Yeah, because I couldn't eat for two days. And my friend ordered me some coconut shrimp from a Red Lobster and a lobster pizza for tomorrow. They're delivering it at three o'clock. Oh, how
Nurse: Nice.
Patient: She was gonna send flowers. I said I don't need any flowers food. I can't make any food, you know, I can't cook.
Nurse: Yeah. That's a really good idea.
Patient: Yeah.
Nurse: All right. Well, I'm glad things are looking up a little bit. Um, let me know if you need anything and
Patient: Talk to you later. Yeah. I'm just glad you got me that medicine even though I didn't take it yet. I'll get it today and yeah and then if I would take it if I don't need it because I don't like to take drugs. Right. But
Nurse: Then if you need it
Patient: You have it. Yeah then I'll have it. Yeah because you never know it could could get worse but I'm sitting with it on a pillow up in the air above my heart so yeah makes it quit hurting. Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. All right, good deal. Well we will talk to you later. Hang in there. Call me.
Patient: Alright bye bye.
Nurse: You're welcome. Bye.
