Nurse: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Pardon me?
Nurse: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Oh, hey, [PHI-Personal]. Uh, my name is [PHI-Personal]. And, well, right now I know it's not your fault, but I'm extremely mad. Oh, no. What happened? I see [PHI-Personal]. Mhm. And I was there a couple of weeks ago. Mhm. Well, anyhow, I used to have problems with my bladder. Yes. And I'm incontinent now because I had so many surgeries. Mhm. Well, anyway, of course, I saw Doctor [PHI-Personal] down in. Mhm. Which has nothing to do with [PHI-Personal]. So, anyway, I, I, after my appointment then this morning [PHI-Personal] called me and wanted to set me up an appointment with the urology department. Doctor [PHI-Personal] isn't even there anymore. I don't know. And I said, WW, well, I don't know what you mean. They said, well, this is from doctor's office, so evidently [PHI-Personal] took it upon herself to call [PHI-Personal] and have them set me up an appointment which as far as I'm concerned is absolutely none of her business. She's never treated me for any kind of urology problems and she did not consult me. She did not ask for my permission and I personally think she has way overstepped her bounds.
Nurse: Oh, no, I'm really sorry to hear that. Um,
Patient: Well, I just, I just wanted it reported because I am furious. I'm trying to keep myself from coming down there and voicing my opinion. That's why I called you.
Nurse: Yeah, I'll send a note over. Um, I am, I do see the note she put in the note, um, follows with the urology for history of bladder cancer has not been seen since [PHI-Personal], needs a new appointment for follow up. So she probably, what probably happened is she forgot to discuss that with you. That was probably in the notes to discuss it with you. Um, so they did send over a referral to urology. Um, sometimes urology will just go ahead and schedule you themselves once they send a referral and call you with the time. Um, most of the time though, they'll just call you and ask if you wanna be seen. So, I mean, I think she's probably, you know, when, when you have that history, um, she probably just wanted, you know, a screen to make sure that, that it had, it hadn't come
Patient: Back. Yeah. So she's gonna call and set me up for an appointment and without even consulting with me. Yeah. Well, so what that, that is what's got me that's not up to her without my permission.
Nurse: Yeah. So she, she didn't set the appointment, she just sent the referral. Um, and different doctor's offices have different procedures. So she didn't call, well, she
Patient: Doesn't mean to refer me to anybody if I want an appointment at singer, I know where to call. I have their number and she want, she wants me to see doctor. Doctor isn't even there anymore.
Nurse: Yeah, I saw that. Um, let me look at this. Yeah. I'm sorry, she should have, she should have been more clear on the appointment that she wanted to do that. It probably, you know, I, I can
Patient: Up to her. That's my point. Yeah.
Nurse: She probably, and she probably meant to offer and then forgot and then just send the referral anyway. Yeah.
Patient: Well, she better not ever forget again. It's a good thing. I don't have an appointment until the end of next. No, this [PHI-Personal]. Yeah, because, and like I said, I'm trying very hard to keep myself from coming down there because I am absolutely furious. Yeah. No, I understand. Sorry, you have to hear all this.
Nurse: No, I understand. I understand completely. You know, it's just you, you're not, you know, if, if they use a referral over, you know, you're never, you're never required to go to that appointment. You can always deny it. Um,
Patient: She doesn't have the right to do it. That's my point. I know I can deny it. I did deny it. She has not had the right to overstep me or my opinion without even talking to me about it. And just go ahead and do whatever she wants. Well, it's not gonna work. She's talking to the wrong person. No, I understand. Ok, I'm gonna hang up now because I don't wanna hear any more excuses. I just needed to let you know.
Nurse: Yeah, I'll, I'll, I'll let her up. But, you know, just, did you, did you get a call about your labs? I just wanted to make sure that you got a lab that you got the call about your lab results.
Patient: Yeah, I got them. Ok. Which that I agreed to? Ok, I'm gonna hang up
Nurse: High fiber, low [PHI-Personal] die. I'll send a message over. Do you need any refills? Anything else I can help you with? No, I don't. Ok. Just wanted to check. I'll give you a call then next month but you know if you need anything, please call me before then. I'm sorry again.
Patient: Ok, bye bye.
