Nurse: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal] Ra
Patient: Morning. Um, so what medication? I was a little confused. What medication are you starting or did you want? I, I heard you do have, so, if you have cellulitis, I will definitely will message the office here and get you.
Nurse: That's my take on. And I'm a TN. And so, I mean, it's warm to the touch, it hurts in various spots that was from a bite, it goes up to my ear and down to my spine almost and it's kind of reddish. So, uh, the medication [PHI-Personal] has changed my, um, mental health medication. It, I'm supposed to be starting DULoxetine today and in the information page from the pharmacy there's some mention of, of, uh, what is it? Yeah. Yeah, it reduces the effect of antibiotics. So, I, like, look it up again. Ok.
Patient: All right. So, what we'll do here is, let me
Nurse: See. I think so. This is [PHI-Personal]. The new medication. Mhm. Ok. She has, she has a strong feeling that I have a, a fairly recent onset of horrible tremors. I'm almost [PHI-Personal] and, uh, going through a whole lot of different processes. But the tremors are today, they're back a little bit. They were off for a little bit also, so I'm not sure what's going on. I'm just tired of it. Oh, I'm sure. Yeah, those get to be quite, yeah,
Patient: Obnoxious to say the least whenever you're trying to do things
Nurse: And, and indeed, and I went for a really long walk over in, uh, [PHI-Personal] yesterday with a friend and the dog and had a great time and then I woke up ring today, so I'm not sure. Yeah. So
Patient: Uh I mean, with that neck, that sounds sounds terrible. Um It, it very could be like the extra stress on your system's trigger on that as well. But so let me, yeah, let me message here and see. Um you know, sometimes and I'm not 100% sure because I don't work with this office a lot. My whole job is I kind of float around and, and call from so offices because that's, that's
Nurse: You keep it straight. It,
Patient: It's not easy because that's what
Nurse: My word
Patient: I'm like, I'm so sorry, I'm not 100% sure. And then, and then like, [PHI-Personal] never takes off and like my nurses in the offices that don't take off. I, I know very little about the offices and how those doctors tend to do things. But
Nurse: Uh so
Patient: With doctor, I'm not sure if she wanna see you real quick first or if she'll be ok. With just calling you something
Nurse: In. Yeah, but I, I'm more concerned about the, um, if I have to wait a week to go through with the,
Patient: I will pose that question as well. So, oh,
Nurse: Not a problem at all. If she needs me to come in, I'm just five minutes away from road. So. Oh, wonderful. She's up there. Yeah. Oh, that's
Patient: Super convenient. Good. So, yeah, let me message her right now and then as soon as she gets back to me, I will give you a quick call. Ok.
Nurse: Yes. Thank you very much, [PHI-Personal]. Oh, you're very welcome. Ok. Bye
Patient: Bye. Bye bye. You have a good day until I talk to you again. Bye bye him.
