Nurse: This is speaking. How may I help you? Hi. Um, my name is [PHI-Personal]. I'm calling for my husband [PHI-Personal]. Uh We have some questions for the nurse. Ok. What questions did you have? Well, he's a, he's also on the phone, by the way. Um The first thing is that he has some questions about red light therapy.
Patient: Yeah, I guess you would find out the photo viral modulation.
Nurse: Ok. Hold on one second. Let me pull something up here. Oh, I'm going in there. Too much feedback.
Patient: Ok. Ok.
Nurse: Ok. So you said you were asking you were questioning about, you said red light therapy?
Patient: Yes. Yeah, I've been doing a little research on it with a guy [PHI-Personal]. Uh, he's at a Boston University Disease. He's in [PHI-Geographic] now. He's the research department up there. And uh [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal], she's also another researcher and it is MA RC MA CE or C I guess that how it anyway do, do all top level researches. But uh I was reading what they were talking about stroke victims using the uh red light therapy on that? Ok. Is this something that can, is, does the hospital have anything, any information on that or do they do any of that kind of research?
Nurse: Um, I'll have to look into it for you to find out. Now, what, um, facility would you be looking to see if they had available for?
Patient: But I'm sorry to hear
Nurse: You, um, which was there a particular facility that you were, um, inquiring to see if they had it available?
Patient: Right. Yes.
Nurse: Well, he looking for a red light therapy. We don't know if, if the facility of [PHI-Personal] has that or if he, if it's right for him.
Patient: Ok. Should I go through my doctor first on it?
Nurse: Um, yeah, I would send her a message and ask her, um, or, you know, if they feel like it would be something that would be ok for you to go through and then we would have to find out who has it available in the area for you to go through. Ok. So that would be doctor. Right. Yeah. Yeah. And I can send, I can send her a message. Um, I can send her a message what you say.
Patient: I just wasn't sure that, you know, some, you know, they're doing research on it more and more because he also used for wound therapy. Mhm. So, you know, uh, you know, and, uh, some of the stuff they would, you know, they used with the, as with astronauts coming back from space, they use it, you know, the Navy seals use it anyway, one of, one of the papers I read on it, the guy, he actually, he has his own unit. You know, you can, you can buy these units. Mhm.
Nurse: Yeah, then, yeah, they do have home units that are available too that you can do at home if they don't have them, like, in the facility. So they do offer that. So, you said you would call doctor and run this by her? Yeah, I, I'm writing his, uh, chart right now, so I'll just go ahead and send her a message and, um, let her know that it's something that he's interested in and ask her if he, you know, would be a candidate for it and then also find out if they have it available, um, in the area, like if anybody does it in the area. Ok. That's great. Thank you. Might get, got any more questions about that.
Patient: No, no, that's it. You know, because I, I've been doing my homework. Ok.
Nurse: Um, go ahead. I'm sorry, I was gonna say because since I have you on the phone I had, I didn't do your, um, monthly update anyway. So I just wanna make sure that he have, have you had any changes, um, in the past month? Like any falls, er, visits, new medications, anything like that. No,
Patient: We go to the gym about twice a week to try to go home. Usually ends up being twice a week. Ok. Doing your leg my leg weights. Mhm. About 80% of what I was before the stroke. Ok. My right side, I'd say that's about almost 100% of what it was. Mhm. That's good. So, it's maybe 10% of what it was. Ok. With the weights, I'll do 7.5 lbs. Mhm. Pull downs with my left arm and on my right side, I'll do 70 lbs. Ok.
Nurse: That's good. That's awesome, actually. Ok. Um, and then any issues, any swallowing issues, choking issues or anything like that anymore since no, a while ago.
Patient: Ok. So the balance is fine, you know, I do but the co work, you know, therapy that we do at the hospital and when I was. Yeah. Oh, I was, I was talking to a cousin of mine, he's the, he says in [PHI-Personal] you can reapply for the physical therapy.
Nurse: Um, you might be able to, it depends like, uh, when the, your last session for physical therapy was and then how much time the insurance allows you and to reapply for it.
Patient: Yeah. Ok. Well, that, you know his start, you can start this again in [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: So how would we check that out? Um, you just, again, um, I don't know. Well, you probably could ask her but then again, it could just be because is she, was she the one that, um, have the referral for you to have, uh, therapy in the first place?
Patient: Yes. Yes. Ok.
Nurse: Yeah. I, we can, I can ask her, I can throw that in that question in there too as well about physical therapy because I don't know if you have to check with the insurance company and see if you know it'll be time for him to be able to reapply. But I'll ask her. Ok. That's great. We do have another question too actually. Uh [PHI-Personal] is scheduled on [PHI-Personal] to go to see Doctor Car [PHI-Personal]. Mhm. Um, we saw her once before and he really does not like her. He does not want to go back at all. Mhm. So, is there any chance we could switch to somebody else? Ok. What, what kind of doctor, what doctor is she? Neurologist? Ok. Let me see. I can ask, um, for a referral for a new, um, neurologist. Which, where is she, is she a finger too? Or when, when, when [PHI-Personal] was in the hospital he was seeing Doctor [PHI-Personal]. I tul spell it again for me. [PHI-Personal]. I, ok. First name is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: She, she works out of the, uh, I, I saw her at the, uh, rehab center. Mhm. She's from, I remember that. Ok. She was, you know, she was very, very, you know, answer questions, ask me questions and me two different things. Mhm. Second doctor, you know, at the last visit I had doctor there, I had had up a conversation at the front desk and with the nurse, you know she was even know she was just helping out she uh finishing up a degree to work uh as a speech therapist. Mhm.
Nurse: Ok. Now um he is not gonna keep this appointment. So do we cancel it or do you cancel it? Um you guys can cancel it. Um that's fine and I'll just ask doctor uh just cause she can just give him a referral for a new um neurologist. So then that way you guys can reschedule with somebody different. Um Let me see and we will we get that information from you or from? Um Yeah, she'll, when I send her the message, she'll send me back her recommendations and she'll send me back the info as far as like, you know, whether she um did the for therapy and then I can let you guys know. Um ok, so I'm gonna ask her about the wr light therapy, ask her about neurologist and physical therapy if you can reapply. Ok. Um For physical therapy.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: That's great. Thank you. You're welcome. You guys need, you need any re you need any refills on anything while I have you on the phone. Um No, I think we're
Patient: Good. Oh OK. Yeah. The other questions I really have to look up here to talk to uh my doctor or do some more research. Mhm. OK. Very interesting stuff. I found one thing that they were doing on stroke victims. First ones they were using the, the therapy on the right side, let's see the same side, stroke and the opposite side they found out that wasn't really helpful but they did it just on the stroke side and it was a certain other brain diseases. Uh they had a couple uh research paper on football players and hockey players that would have brain traumas. Mhm. Different. But I'm surprised they didn't do any boxes they can walk for. Yeah. Yeah. Ok. Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. Alright hopefully. Yeah. Ok let me I'll send this message over and then I'll let you guys know what she says. Alright, that's great. Thank you so much. You're welcome have a good
Patient: Day. You too. Thank you bye.
