Nurse: This is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you?
Patient: Uh [PHI-Personal], this is Jo [PHI-Personal]. You just calling me? Yes,
Nurse: I was, I just giving you a call to check in and see how you were doing this month. How's everything going? Pretty
Patient: Good. Pretty good. I got to come in to doctor on Thursday to have my BP checked. It was sort of high the last
Nurse: Time. Ok, good. How are you doing? Last time I had spoken with you, you had fallen and your hand was bothering you. How is that doing? Uh Yeah, I had
Patient: Gone to down at uh I had a, I had one of those uh I don't know, some kind of contraption that turned into a cast after it cooled off.
Nurse: Ok. So did they find a fracture?
Patient: Uh tiny, just a little one? Not much and, and um so um yeah, it's feeling much better and I canceled that now I was supposed to go back there Thursday. So I canceled that now because he was gonna redo he was gonna x-ray everything again and, and they're charging, he was charging me such a big bill for all this stuff. So I just cancel it. Yeah, I got a [PHI-Account] got a $[PHI-Account].14 $414 bill. Oh, no. Yes sir. For all the stuff. So I, I just cancel that. I'm not going to go back and spend all that money to get the same thing done.
Nurse: I do see the report in here from the orthopedic doctor and it does say that it suggests that there is a, a tiny fracture there. Um, yeah, in your hand, but it's feeling much better. Yes,
Patient: It is. Uh
Nurse: Huh. Ok. Good. Good. And you're not having any issues with anything else from that fall.
Patient: Uh, no, not, no. Huh. Uh, ok. Good.
Nurse: Yeah, I know you had said you, you fell in the driveway and, you know, you were having the pain and we weren't really sure what was going on with it. Um, so it's good that you did see orthopedics though and they did do an x-ray and kind of, you know, take a look and see what was going on with it and then I see you were in for an appointment as well. Um, on the, you know, [PHI-Personal] too and your BP was elevated. So you're coming in for another recheck. Um, and do you check your BP at home at all, or? No?
Patient: No, I don't. But I think a lot of it is like a lot of stress and all. So. Ok. Yeah, we see, hopefully it'll be down when I go on
Nurse: Fingers crossed. Um So yeah, I mean, that is possible that, you know, you can have your BP elevated from being in pain. So, you know, when you went, if you were in any kind of pain or discomfort that can cause it to temporarily be elevated, um you know, there's that and then there's, you know, anxiety, I know you, you do have some anxiety that can cause it to be elevated as well.
Patient: Well, my anxiety is my son living with me. He's uh got, he's got a very bad attitude and he talks very bad language and that's the part of
Nurse: It. Ok. So maybe going to the doctor is like a vacation from that. Right?
Patient: Well, I just come back yesterday from a four day vacation and I'm going at the end of the month for a two week vacation. So. Oh,
Nurse: Nice. Where did you come back from?
Patient: Uh my, my stepdaughter took me to her house in [PHI-Geographic]. Ok. Yeah. And then uh yeah, we had a wonderful time for four days and she brought me back. She brought me back yesterday and then on June, the 30th, my, my son in law is gonna take me down, gonna come and get me, take me down to their place. They have a place by the down in the campground where they have a nice big park home and all. So we're gonna go to the, to the ocean and we do a lot of things down there.
Nurse: That's, that's nice. It's good to take vacations and get out and be in that nice weather. Um That'll definitely help your anxiety going. Uh getting away out of the house and being in the fresh air with the nice sunshine and you know, just relaxing, that's really good. Um That's good to have, you know, it's not my
Patient: BP comes down cause I don't wanna get on any more medicine.
Nurse: I know and again, it could really be temporarily elevated from being in some pain. Um, I mean, are you having any kind of like headaches or dizziness or anything? Have you had any of those symptoms?
Patient: No, no, I just, I'm just being very careful when I walk, you know, I can steady. I finally got my walker last week. Good,
Nurse: Good. You did get all of that then.
Patient: Yeah, I got that and next week I'm going with [PHI-Geographic]. Uh, we're going down to so I'm gonna go there with
Nurse: Them. Right. That's a nice place to get around and walk. I've been there tons of times.
Patient: I know everybody has, I think.
Nurse: Well, because you don't have to pay to get in. So it's nice
Patient: And all we do is ride the train anymore. We don't get on any of those exciting rides.
Nurse: Exactly. So if you go and you don't do all the rides you're not paying, you know, 80 bucks just to walk in the, you know, walk in the park, like every place
Patient: Else. Well, we have tons of tickets anyway. My son has a ton of tickets. He said take a bunch of tickets. Well,
Nurse: They don't expire so that's great.
Patient: Yeah. So we don't have to, we don't have to spend any money. So,
Nurse: And the walker will, will really help you, you know, get around. Um, it
Patient: Helps to make me walk straight because my back bothers me. And, uh, and I'm, it's, it's making me walk a little bit stooped over, which I hate. Right. If I have something to hold on to, I sort of stand up more straight now. So. Right.
Nurse: It'll help you stand up a little better. It'll help with your posture. Um, it'll help you while you're walking to be a little bit more, you know, steady. So there's less chance of you falling or having any, you know, issues. Um, and you just got to, you know, be careful when you're walking with it. It does take a little getting used to. Um, well, I got
Patient: One with the seat on so when I get tired of walking I'll just
Nurse: Sit down. Exactly. Those are very nice for that, uh, reason. Um, because it's like an automatic chair. You don't have to worry about finding a place to sit. Um, so it, it's good. They're just, I know some people, they're a little tricky for some people. To figure out the hand brakes and everything. It can get a little. Um, yeah, it's just, you just gotta get used to walking with it. But, you know, the walkers are really good to help keep you, you know, steady and keep you from, you know, having any kind of, you know, issues when you're walking. So that's good. And then you have the one with the seat, which is even better. So then you can just sit down if you need to and, and kind of take a rest. So that's good. Um, great. And then how are you doing with your, um, your, your neuralgia that you have? I know you have that trigeminal neuralgia. Have you had any issues with that lately or? No? What is
Patient: That? Well, my back. Ok. Yeah. And my, and the arthritis, you know, I guess a lot of it is the arthritis.
Nurse: So, ok, mainly your arthritis. Yeah,
Patient: I just take some ibuprofen now and then, and it sort of mes it up a little bit and,
Nurse: Right. And the arthritis, you know, unfortunately there's not much you can do for that. Um, you just got to, you know, see what works for you, you can't get that cartilage that wears away back because that's what it, you know, the arthritis is, it's that, you know, that cartilage wear and tear in the area that protective cartilage wears away. Um, and it's, you know, it's normal with, you know, as you get older. Um, and you know, it just causes that pain and that stiffness. Sometimes there's some swelling but, you know, if you're taking medications to help with it, um, that can, you know, be helpful, like whether you're doing Tylenol or Ibuprofen or even just doing heat on the area that can be really helpful too. Um, he heat's really good for arthritis pain cause it does, you know, open up those blood vessels to that area to increase circulation to that affected muscle and the warmth really does decrease that stiffness in the joint as well. Um, so that can kinda make it feel a little bit better. It can loosen up the joint and tissue in the area if you're feeling a little stiff or anything. Um, it's, you know, it, it can be really helpful. It can be, I mean,
Patient: And I know when I take a shower I let the hot water run down my back the whole time.
Nurse: Yeah, that's really good too. So, if you're gonna do that, you can do the heat of the water can help as well to decrease that stiffness that you have. It's kind of the same idea. It's just, you know, you know, one method over another. But, yeah. And does that seem to help when you do that with your back? Yeah,
Patient: For a little bit.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. Well, then after a while you're just standing under the hot water and it, you don't even feel it anymore. Right. Yeah.
Patient: Right. Yeah. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. So the warm water in the shower, that's really good too to help, um, with that too and, you know, make sure the water is not too hot. Obviously, um, you don't wanna burn yourself, but obviously you wouldn't be able to stand under it if it was too, too hot. Um, but yeah, I mean, that really helps too if the shower helps. That's good as well. Um, anything like that that can kind of help reduce that stiffness and kinda help you move a little bit better is always good. Um, whether it's the heating pad or the, the shower. Um, and then again, you know, if you need to do Tylenol or Ibuprofen, I don't know if you do either of those to help.
Patient: I do the Ibuprofen, Tylenol doesn't do anything for me.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. Yeah. And that's how some people, some people Ibuprofen is all they can do. Some people Tylenol is all they can do, you know, everybody is different on what works for them. But the Ibuprofen is really good cause it helps with that inflammation in the area. Um, so that will, you know, help with any kind of, you know, anything that's swollen or anything going on, it'll help with that as well. Um, and you know, it, it helps to decrease that and kind of give you a little bit less, you know, less of that pain that you have going on there. But, yeah, Ibuprofen is really good. Um, you know, just make sure you, you're not taking it excessively. Obviously.
Patient: I know. I don't because I'm not, I hate taking pills to begin with so I might, I might only take three or four a week. Now I can do at a time, but I might only take it about two or three days out of the week. Like, if I'm gonna go somewhere. uh, I take it. So I'm not all hunched over
Nurse: And that's a good idea too. Like if you're gonna be going somewhere where, you know, you're gonna be walking a lot. Like if you, when you go to and you know, you're gonna be walking a lot, might not be a bad idea to take it before you go so that you're not in any discomfort or pain while you're there walking around. Yeah. Um, so that's good. And you, like you said, you have this appointment coming up later in this week to check your BP and you hope it's down because you don't want another medication. So,
Patient: No, because doctor said he said you never had high BP. He said I don't want to put, be putting you on BP medicine.
Nurse: So, um. Right. Right. And it could have just been that you were there at the time you were there. You had, you know, this discomfort from falling and you were still having this pain in, you know, your hands so it could have been, that could have been elevating it and I don't think it was that, I mean, your top number was elevated but your bottom number wasn't. So it, it wasn't like real, real bad for the most part. Um, and you were having some discomfort. So hopefully when you go back and he checks it, it's, it's normal and he did write in here that you were a little bit upset at the appointment because of your hand, of your hand pain. And you were some slightly frustrated with your transportation issues as well. So that'll also cause it to be elevated too. So it seems like that, you know, he, he realizes that maybe it was just some outside factors that were causing these elevated BP readings and hopefully you're much better feeling much better when you go in later this week and it's back down to normal for you. So you don't have to get on any of those other
Patient: Meds. Yeah, since I gave up my car, you know, I have to find transportation and I've been using step, you know. Right. Because I don't like to bother anyone and no, well, a lot of people are working, my family's all working during the day and so.
Nurse: Right. It can get.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah.
Nurse: And that's fine. Yeah. Do you need any refills of any of your medications or are you ok with everything?
Patient: No, I'm ok right now. Um,
Nurse: Ok. Good. Do you have any questions or anything for me before I let you go? No I don't. All right sounds good. Well I will let you go. If you need anything, you can always reach out. Ok.
Patient: Alrighty I will thank you.
Nurse: You're welcome have a good day. Uh huh bye bye bye.
