Nurse: Good morning. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Good morning, [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal]. Hi. And I'm sorry to call you so early, but I have a uh kind of important question for you. Ok.
Nurse: Um,
Patient: I took my meds last night and I accidentally, um, took, um, one of my morning pills that I'm supposed to take only in the morning. I, I took it out of the wrong compartment in the, in my little um case and it, it was Nifedipine and it's 30 mg and I was supposed to take it in the morning and I, I had taken it in the morning and I took another one last night and I didn't realize it until after I'd taken my pills and I looked down and I had taken it out of the wrong section. So I wonder, and I've, I, I'm fine. I took my BP this morning and it's about the same as it's been the last three mornings before me and I'm just wondering what I should do.
Nurse: So I would definitely just uh not take another dose this morning and right, just resume in the morning with taking that the next dose. That's what I would do Judy and just keep a track of your BP. Go ahead and check it a couple of times today. And, um, of course, if you start having any symptoms where you're not feeling well, then, um, you can either call me back or call the office or call 911. But that's what I would do. Just go ahead and just start back in the morning taking it.
Patient: That's what I, that's kind of what I thought, but I just, I wanna talk to somebody who knew. Ok.
Nurse: Absolutely. So, yeah, that, that's my advice and, uh, you should be fine but, um, just keep a check of your BP today.
Patient: Yeah. Ok. And, and then since I've got you, yeah, might as well ask you my, what things we talked about the other day when you told me, um, um, about the clinical sleep study and to get my, um, mouthpiece checked and everything, right? So I made an appointment for the check, the mouthpiece. Now, how do do you make an appointment for me for the clinical sleep study or where do I go or what do I do? I go?
Nurse: Who? Yeah. And, and really, I didn't get, um, any message back from the office about that. So I'm going to just, well, let me see what this is. Um, it looks like he sent you a message the doctor, uh, in my opinion. Yeah. Uh, let's see. He says in my opinion. We have two options. Either returning to your dentist. You saw that I got
Patient: That message. Ok. And that's what I'm doing. I'm returning for her to check it.
Nurse: Ok. And then, so the other thing is I can just send a message to the referrals team because the note I sent que asking, where is the sleep lab? How do we go about getting this taken care of? I didn't really get a response back, which was surprising to me. Um, but I would just send a message myself to the, um, central referrals team and they can get you, um, a referral put in for the sleep, um, disorder clinic. I believe the, how he called it and I did look it up. It is at the main
Patient: Hospital. Oh, dear. Yeah.
Nurse: Is that ok?
Patient: Well, it's a challenge to get to. Yes, ma'am problem. I mean, II I drive. Uh huh. I don't care to drive down there through all that traffic, right? Um, I mean, for the safety of everybody else, you know, as well as myself. Um, but I, you know, it's doable. Ok. Just if, if, but if there's anything that's closer, I mean, this really isn't the only one in the
Nurse: Whole. Well, that's, that's something I can add in there. Prefers not to go, not to go to [PHI-Geographic] General. And are there any other options? Ok, I'll do that. That, no, that's fine. I understand. I mean, I don't I never driven in [PHI-Geographic] but because I, of course I don't live there but I, um, no, I work remotely, um, for office. I live in Rock Hill, South Carolina, which is like 20 minutes south of Charlotte. Yeah. And, uh, but I don't like driving up in Charlotte at all. So I understand.
Patient: Ok. I mean, they're gonna say, all right, if she doesn't wanna go to [PHI-Geographic] General because that's supposed to be the best hospital in the area you know. No
Nurse: I'll I'll specify is nothing with that. It's just the traffic and the driving situation I'll I'll specify. Ok. And before I let you go uh did you check your BP this morning? I just want to put down what your BP was.
Patient: Ok? Ok. Now this is before meds of course. All right. Ok. It was 1 31/65. Ok. The heart rate was 64. Ok
Nurse: Good. All right.
Patient: So it's it's in line with what it's been the last few days. So yeah I got too stressed.
Nurse: Ok, good. All right. Well I will um send the referrals team a message and when I get some follow up from them I will let you know. Ok.
Patient: Ok, thank you so much and I will be answering so early in the morning. No problem. Hope you have a good day. Thank you. Alright. Alright bye bye.
