Nurse: Good morning. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Good morning [PHI-Personal]. Uh This is [PHI-Personal] her. Uh I'm calling on behalf of my mother, [PHI-Personal]. Um You um I had spoke with you one other time. Um You were gonna be calling her once a month from Doctor [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Um I just um a little bit of a concern. Uh It's not anything urgent but um on Monday, uh my mother went to get her B 12 shot um at Doctor [PHI-Personal] office and when she got home, um she got very, very tired and she said she felt achy and, and kind of chilled and so she slept for a few hours and then in the evening she was fine and then yesterday, um it was sort of the same thing, uh except she was very, very tired. Um She kept saying her head was very congested. So we gave her Mucinex and that kind of helped. Um And today she's better also, but she still seems very kind of tired and usually the B 12 shot kind of perks her up. Um So, uh there's no fever. I just checked her temp. It's 97.3. The other day, uh, yesterday morning she had a very, very low grade, maybe like 98 99 or something. Um, and, um, the only thing she said she complained was complaining about it was a headache and having like, her sinuses bothering her. Um, so the only thing I can give her is Mucinex because of all her medications. Uh, and that seemed to help. She was able to kind of blow her nose and, and cough up a lot of mu, uh, mucus, um, a and her BP now I just took is 1 12/59 and her pulse is 62. Um, and she said she feels better. We're going to the hairdressers. Um, I'm just, it just seems weird that she's so tired. Um, could have, be, have been like a little viral thing or
Nurse: It could be. Um, now with the headache, is this a headache that she just can't get to go away?
Patient: It does go away. Um, she said now it's, she woke up this morning with it again and she said now she feels better once she gets kind of the Mucinex and gets her medications, she seems to feel a little bit better as far as the headache. Um, and like I said, last night I gave it to her and she was really coughing up a lot of mucus and stuff. It wasn't discolored or anything and she was blowing her nose and, uh, she gets these sinus, um, headaches, you know, uh, on and off. Um, this just seemed weird cause it was, she said she felt chilled that day and, um, um, that night also, Monday night and kind of achy. Um, and all she did was sleep all day yesterday and then all night. Right. Um, other than that, she's, you know, like I said, I took her BP yesterday and, uh, she, uh, other than her head bothering her, you know, and this morning now she says she just took a little bit of a shower and she feels much better. Um, she just says she feels weak and I don't know what if she had some kind of a virus or something that she was fighting off. Um, it doesn't seem serious. I just thought maybe I should just let you know. Ok.
Nurse: Um, do you happen to have an at home COVID test to give her just before you go to the hairdresser?
Patient: I, I don't, um, I, our office is, well, let me, uh, let me just check right. Our office downstairs had some, but I think they're all, um, expired and let me see if I have one. I have a feeling all of mine were expired and I got rid of them. Uh, hold on. Oh, here's one. Let me see what this is. Oh, uh, I see where the expiration date is on it. Ok. Where do you find it? Did you? Ok. Oh, expiration? Oh, ok, [PHI-Account]. So these should be ok. Yeah. So I go ahead
Nurse: And do one of those just to be sure. Um, I think it's probably just allergies, allergies. I know the air quality hasn't been great.
Patient: Yeah. And, and she takes, walks outside, you know, without a mask, which I keep telling her to wear a mask. But, um, all right. So I'll take that and, um, other than that it's probably ok. So if, if there is anything positive you want me to call you?
Nurse: Yeah, just give me a call if it's positive. Um, if it's not, is she taking her, um, Zyrtec and using her Flonase? Sorry. Yes.
Patient: Yes, she is.
Nurse: Ok. Just continue to do that. Continue with the Mucinex. Drink plenty of fluids to help keep all that phlegm thin and easier to cough up.
Patient: Ok. Yeah, I've been telling her yesterday to make sure she drank, uh, you know, my brother was checking on her, making sure she was drinking. So I think, you know, we're doing everything that you're saying. So I will check her and it just may be, you know, like you said, the air quality and just being tired out from, you know, whatever. So,
Nurse: And she's [PHI-Personal]. If she's tired a few days, that's, you
Patient: Know, more than normal. Understandable. Right. Right. I was just concerned because she was sleeping so much yesterday, but it could have been, you know, her head was congested quite a bit and, uh, and, uh, you know, usually, like I said, she gets the B 12 shot and it, uh, perks her up. So I got a little concerned and I thought, you know, hope she got the right shot or whatever, but, you know, she seems much better, um, just still a little draggy but not, you know, like she was yesterday. So,
Nurse: Ok, just check her. Um, if it's positive, let me know if not keep doing everything you're doing but if she does develop fever greater than 100 and four shortness of breath, any symptoms get worse, definitely let me know take her to the emergency room to be evaluated.
Patient: Ok. All right. Thank you very much [PHI-Personal]. I appreciate it. Um and iii I will only call you if if there is anything positive. Ok. Ok, that's fine. Alright thank you. Yeah. Uh huh. Ok,
Nurse: Bye bye bye.
