Nurse: Good morning. This is nurse care manager. How can I help you?
Patient: Good morning. I just missed a call from this number.
Nurse: Yes. Is, this is [PHI-Personal] mcnair. Hi, [PHI-Personal]. Yes. Ok. Hi. My name is [PHI-Personal]. I'm the nurse care manager. Um, let me pull up the information here. Oopsie, how you doing this morning? Everything good. Yes. Yes.
Patient: How about yourself?
Nurse: Pretty good. Pretty good. You know, it's Monday just getting the, getting the day rolling. We're having a lot of storms today, like a lot of overcast and storms is, you know, not too, not too much fun. So we'll see what happens if these storms hold up or not. Ok. Hold on, [PHI-Personal], whatever my computer does not wanna cooperate with me today. So bear with me just one moment. Gotta pull up your information here. It doesn't like, doesn't like what I'm doing. Ok. Cheese and crackers. Come on. There it goes. We're just doing our monthly check in, see how you're doing. Um, any, any medication refills needed. Uh,
Patient: No
Nurse: Good. That's always good. We're up to date on everything else. Perfect. All right. Any new questions, comments, complaints, concerns since we talked to you back in May? Uh, no, nothing new happening. Did you have a good fourth [PHI-Personal]?
Patient: Yeah, I did, I
Nurse: Did good, good. Ok.
Patient: Appointment with the cardiologist tomorrow?
Nurse: Oh, good. Yeah, I do see that. I see that on the list here. Um, cardiology. And then you, you're seeing Doctor [PHI-Personal] on the 25th as well. Yes,
Patient: I have to wait until [PHI-Personal] to make an appointment with the, uh, mammogram.
Nurse: I did see that they're a little backed up, aren't they? Oh, boy. Well, that's good. At least you're getting it checked out because that's, that's important. Perfect. Perfect. Ok. Well, if you don't have any questions, complaints or concerns, I guess we'll just re address the next Medicare care gap. So we have to do a depression screening every year. It's just a bunch of questions asking like how you're feeling today if you've ever had, you know, thoughts about, you know, being sad or, or hurting yourself. You ok to answer those couple of quick questions. Oh, yeah. Ok. And it gets it out of the way. So you don't have to do it at the doctor's office too because that always takes up another couple of minutes and nobody likes doing that.
Patient: Yeah, the coordinator with my, um, insurance. She's, um, working on getting me somebody to see because I was seeing somebody before COVID and then everything just went
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. Yeah, because I mean, nobody's available now since COVID.
Patient: Yeah, nobody's working or if they booked up from, like, seeing people visually on the computer. So that's a real long backlog with that as well.
Nurse: That is ok. Well, the two questions are, have in the last two weeks, have you felt down depressed or hopeless? More than two days,
Patient: Uh, down a few days?
Nurse: Just a couple of days? Ok. And then have you lost any interest in doing, um, the things that you like to like the, like if you usually like to cook every day, but then now you don't really cook as much or have you lost interest in the things that make you happy? Oh,
Patient: No. But I do got a joke. I wish I, I lost interest in eating because I just eat and don't eat that about two days. I would really, really, really be happy.
Nurse: Oh, my goodness. You're so funny. I was just talking to my friends at the gym about that and I said I, we call it the COVID curse because ever since COVID started happening, everybody seems to be like wanting to eat and snack and, and that's what we do when we get bored. You? Yeah, that's funny. So, your appetite hasn't swayed any? Are you, are you having trouble sleeping or anything? Uh, no, no, that's good. I always seem to sleep a little better in these storms.
Patient: Yeah. And relaxing. I like it.
Nurse: And then are you feeling tired or having less energy lately? Out of the normal. I think we're all tired. I think we're all all right. Have you had feelings of doubt or feelings of feeling bad for yourself? Like you're failing yourself or your family? Uh, no. Ok. Good. Any issues concentrating on things like reading the newspaper or book or watching TV?
Patient: Uh, no.
Nurse: Ok. And have you noticed any, uh, increased fidgetiness or restlessness? Uh, no. Ok. And then any thoughts about this is a tough question. We always have to ask any thoughts about hurting yourself recently or feeling like you'd be better off without being around. Oh, no. Ok. And then, uh, looks like you didn't check off any of those things. That's great. All right. Well, that's the end of the really stressful screening. I always tell people I'm like, it's, you know, the questions sometimes can be very intimate, but I think, I think it's good to ask them. I really do because we all need a little help in our lives. Even if we're, you know, if we don't have anything else going on, sometimes we can just feel blue. And that's ok. That's ok. How we doing with the arthritis, the Tylenol helping. Uh,
Patient: I have 800 mgs. So that, that works
Nurse: Good. And you, you're taking that pretty regularly, like, twice a day. Yeah. Perfect. Oh, I love hearing that. I love when things work. That's what I like, hearing you doing. Anything else besides the Tylenol, like any heat therapy or CBD. Oils or anything. Ok. Uh, he,
Patient: The heating pad works. Um, and you know what, my neighbor been talking about the CBD oil. I might try that because she recommend that she, no doctor. But they said it works for things with her.
Nurse: Yeah. Those do work, you know, they have the, the ones that come in that's like a little stick, like a roll on. It almost looks like a little tiny deodorant and you could just roll it on that way. You don't get it all over your fingers and it's not messy.
Patient: Oh, I didn't know that.
Nurse: And yeah, those are nice. Yeah, those are nice. If you enjoy that kind of easy application. I know I do.
Patient: Ok. Yeah, I'm gonna try and I'm glad you. So,
Nurse: Yeah, the only thing is, is you can't, you can't use it with heat. So if you use it by itself, just use it by itself. Um, and it's safe, you know, it doesn't have all the intoxication stuff that like the other can, can do. So that'll, it just, it just is for pain relief. So, all right. So sometimes it can react with other drugs. So just make sure that you let Doctor [PHI-Personal] or Doctor [PHI-Personal] or Doctor [PHI-Personal] whoever you speak with at your next appointment, just let them know that you're considering or have started taking it that way. We make sure it doesn't interact with anything. It's fine with Tylenol. You should be fine with that, but we just want to make sure you're you're being safe if they prescribe any other medications for you. Ok. Ok. Any questions, comments concerns. Uh no, that's it. All right, [PHI-Personal]. Well, we're always here. You're welcome to use this phone number. If you ever have a question or need help with something. We're happy to to answer your questions or we're here for you. Alright? You're welcome [PHI-Personal]. Enjoy the rest of your week. We'll talk to you soon.
Patient: All right.
Nurse: Bye bye.
