Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. Yes. Hi. I heard this beep, beep. I had it on vibrate. Oh, that's ok. I, I was like, what the heck I
Nurse: Hear. How are you? How are you doing?
Patient: I'm doing much better than I was. I've had COVID, um, oh, the 19th, 20th of January. I got it or had it for, you know, 56 days anyway. But tired, tired, tired. Oh, my God. I was so tired. Um, but I got through that. No, I need to find, I called and got to see if I can get an appointment for Gyn, you know, pap smear and that stuff. Not until the end of [PHI-Personal] with women's health. Really? Yeah. So, I don't know if the nurse practitioner in the office there can do it or not. Doctor [PHI-Personal] has done in the past but, you know, years ago and then I saw, and I've been going to her and then she retired so I called women's health and she goes, not until the end of [PHI-Personal] and I'm like, are you serious?
Nurse: So, yeah, I didn't know they were that backed up. Um, are you having any current gynecological issues.
Patient: Not really. No, I just need to get a, um, uh, you're just due for it. A mammogram done.
Nurse: Ok. Um, yeah, I can always send them a message and ask if they're able to do that. I don't know how
Patient: Far or not [PHI-Personal] from the office, the manager thing. And she said they should be the nurse practitioner. One of them, there should be able to do it. I don't know she did name but I don't remember it now. But so I didn't know if I wouldn't
Nurse: See why not. Yeah, I'll
Patient: Call and just see if I can get a, get a thing and then, but no, I got COVID without, you know, I was like four or five days. I'm exhausted. Don't know why my sisters to test for COVID. So I tested on a Friday and it was positive and by the date it was negative already. So, um, I've had that.
Nurse: Ok. So the fatigue is it still kinda lingering?
Patient: A little? Yeah. And I have like, yeah, a little bit of trouble. Not really remembering things, but just, I have to think twice before I say it. Yeah. I have like aches and pains. I had, um, with the ache, the muscle aches. Like I took Motrin and then went, lay down, got up. I still had muscle pain. I went back and laid down some more Motrin. Um, my appetite wasn't as good as it was. I could still taste and smell and stuff, but I just wasn't hungry. What else? That was pretty much it, I guess. Just exhausted. That was the worst part.
Nurse: Yeah. A lot of people have complained that they still have the fatigue a month after they've had COVID. It just takes a long time to work its way out. Well,
Patient: Yeah, I, I came home, we went, I went to, did some grocery shopping and stuff and came home. I'm sitting here, I'm thinking I need to take a nap and I've done that a couple of days in the past, just sat down and I forget we went to the movies. Wednesday, I guess Wednesday we got, went for supper at 4 30 or whatever. I got home at 5 30. I sat in the chair and fell asleep and didn't wake up until 11 o'clock. So, because I know I must need it. That's the, you know, and then my sugars have been way off the wall. But I'm this all how high, I mean, like 300 you know, but I see the endocrinologist the end of the month, the [PHI-Personal], I think I see her. Ok. Good. But it's like, really weird. It's like, no matter how much insulin I took, nothing worked. So I just dealt with it and live with it and we'll see what my blood work shows.
Nurse: Yeah. Ok. All right. Well, I'm glad that you're feeling better. Hopefully that fatigue goes away. Soon. And if you have any questions, concerns, feel free to reach out to me anytime.
Patient: Ok. Yeah. No, I was, I, once I realized I was positive I'm like, oh, ok.
Nurse: Yeah. It, it makes it easier to know what to do, you know, like, obviously you take antibiotic with it. So, you know, all you can do is rest,
Patient: You have all these, um, risk factors. She said you should be taking these pills. I'm like, I'm not taking another damn thing. Nothing. You know, because I've heard people who have taken those pills have had really bad reactions or had a relapse and I'm like, no, I managed to make it through what I had and that I'll live with that, you know. Yeah. Yeah. But you should have pills and I'm like, no, no, I'm sorry, I, sorry. Red.
Nurse: Yeah. If you were having like, shortness of breath or really, really difficulty breathing. Not doing well. That would be different. But
Patient: Actually my asthma was probably the best, it's been when I had it, you know. Huh? Ok. Having any trouble breathing that stuff. Yeah. So, I don't know. I made it, I, good, good to hear. I'll call the office and, and see if I can get in other people there on Friday. There's not really anybody there on Friday is there.
Nurse: I don't think that they are in today. You may have to wait until Monday. Ok.
Patient: All right. Well, I'll call and see if I can get, I did, she did tell me the name of the, one of the girls that works down there as a nurse practitioner, but she said she might be able to do it. And I mean, I've had, like I said, years ago I had [PHI-Personal] do it and I went to see and that, you know, that took care of all of that, but I'll call him and see what they have to say because I see him again in the beginning of [PHI-Personal], I think. Yes. Yeah, I think so so anyway. Ok. Alrighty.
Nurse: Yeah, well have a good weekend and I talk
Patient: To you soon. Alright, thank you so much. Alright, bye bye bye.
