Nurse: Good morning. This is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you?
Patient: Um, is [PHI-Personal] available?
Nurse: She is off on Monday. She'll be back tomorrow. Is there anything I'm covering for her? My name's [PHI-Personal]. Is there anything I can help you with
Patient: Today? Uh, possibly she called me on Friday or just an update. But she asked me a question about a prescription that was, uh, given my sister [PHI-Personal] problems. I had been at the [PHI-Geographic] with my husband all day because he had a procedure down there and we went back for tests and, uh, check up. So I didn't find out until late Friday afternoon that there was a problem with her fentaNYL prescription and they were, the, uh, pharmacy was apparently waiting to hear from, uh, doctor s office. So [PHI-Personal] said she could if she asked me if they got it and I said she caught me while I was still on the road and I told her I didn't know anything about it because no one had called me down there. But when I finally got home I found out there was some sort of, uh, um, she, my sister takes two strengths of fentaNYL patches and one of them, there was a problem they wanted preapproval or something or other and they didn't approve it for a refill. Yes. It looks
Nurse: Like the office is trying to get that prior authorized. Um, it looks like the pharmacy called, telling them that on Friday. And, um, so it looks like somebody in the office is, um, working on that. It may take up to a week sometimes for those prior authorizations.
Patient: Well, I am totally out of the medication. She needs a new patch, whichever one or both whatever um by Wednesday.
Nurse: Ok, so she'll be out by Wednesday. Yeah, yeah, it looks like it's the 100 mg, it looks like it's used with the 50 ongoing therapy. Ok? Um yeah, let me let them know that that you'll be out on Wednesday and this is Charlene. Right. Right. Oh come on um what I'll do is I'll send him an update saying that you're gonna be out on Wednesday and um and see what they can say what they do and we'll go from there. It looks like the girls working on it now.
Patient: Ok. Well I appreciate it.
Nurse: All right, you're welcome and um if you have any other issues just let me know. Ok. Ok, thank
Patient: You. Alright, bye bye bye.
