Nurse: This is [PHI-Personal]. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hey, I can hardly hear, I can't hardly hear you. Um, this is [PHI-Personal]. S, uh huh. I went to see, um, uh, [PHI-Personal] yesterday but my, mm, nurse practitioner or wherever she is. Yeah. Anyway. Yeah, she was really nice. But she treated me for thrush. But I still have severe headaches. I know I have a sinus infection but she didn't do anything about that. I want to know what I should do about it. I know I have a sinus infection because my head hurts. My eyes are water. My head hurts and I'm completely miserable and I don't, I, I told her about the amoxicillin I was taking and I quit taking it and I, I feel terrible and I wanna feel good by next week because I have a meeting to go to and I really would like to feel better so I could go to the meeting. I've been sick for almost over a week.
Patient: You said you were having a headache? I was watering and, uh, have you been having some nasal congestion? Yes. Or coughing?
Nurse: My nose is stuffed up all night. It's been that way. For over a week. Ok. I started taking those. I told her I started taking amoxicillin but I quit taking it because of the rush and that, that, then she got me, that sin stuff you put in your mouth, you swish around it. Don't work. I had it before I took it before it did not work. They ended up sending that zone whatever you call it. Uh
Patient: Huh. Doctor
Nurse: Me that zone. Yeah, because this stuff doesn't work for my thrush. It makes me sick. Ok. I haven't, I felt worse after I took
Patient: It. Yeah, I know sometimes that nystatin, um, just because it, sorry, my, I'm having some Weis myself. Um, but, um, sometimes that nystatin, um, what I tell people to do is kind of take it, um, kind of in between meals to where it's not to where it's so do, where it affects it or if it alters like your taste buds while you're eating because that can kind of make you sick too. Um, but, um, have you been running? Yeah. Yeah, that's how they normally prescribe it because with that nystatin, well, you gotta take it multiple times a day to keep your, um, mouth coated and everything. Um, but, uh, I can definitely send her a message and just ask about the Diflucan, um, and see if she can sit if she will send it in. Um, have you been running a fever or had any chills with the sinus?
Nurse: Infection. I, I just feel like crap. I just, I, I know, I know for a fact I have sinus problems. I took, I took a, uh, a pill but that don't help. It's only a 10 mg Lodine and I, I have Mucinex for, you know, I, I can take a Mucinex pill and see if that'll help but
Patient: Try some. But yeah, try taking one of those Mucinex.
Nurse: Feel feverish. My, my eyes are all watery and I feel like crap.
Patient: Do you, do you have a, your, your temperature?
Nurse: I didn't check, check it today yet.
Patient: Ok. Um, well, just go ahead and check it um, after we get off the phone and if you are running a fever, if you have some, uh, some Tylenol or Ibuprofen. Well, well, the Xarelto. But yeah, sorry. Um, yeah, but if you have some Tylenol, go ahead and take some Tylenol if you do have a fever. Um, and, um, let me see if I make sure before I tell you this. Ok. Have you been having shortness of breath or chest pain?
Nurse: No, I'm just really tired and I don't want to be tired.
Patient: Yeah, I know that's, it's rough when that happens
Nurse: To make sure. Ok, I have one of those. Hang on a second. I have one of those things. I got some, it's in a box. You stick it in your ear, I think. Thank you. Oh, no. As long as you hold up to your head.
Patient: Yeah, like one of the scanners.
Nurse: Yeah, I just took a Tylenol about half hour ago. So I just feel like crap. I wanna be feeling better when I go to the meeting with all these officials at the county. I haven't gone anywhere for over a week because it says scan. That's where I press.
Patient: Right. Yeah, you, you hold it is it is the one you put in your ears or the one you scan over your temporal like your forehead? I think it's the one you
Nurse: Ta over your forehead.
Patient: Ok. So with that just kind of scan it across your forehead and then bring it down and go right behind your ear. But hold scan down the whole time. Ok?
Nurse: Uh I have a hard time seeing,
Patient: I don't know, just try to scan your forehead, see what it see what it's doing. It
Nurse: Says [PHI-Account]. Hm. Isn't that fucking [PHI-Personal]?
Patient: Uh Well, the thing with those scanning thermometers, sometimes they're not as accurate as like an oral or a or if you
Nurse: Do it's [PHI-Personal].2. That's right, isn't it? Yeah.
Patient: Yeah, I'm not running over. Yeah, I feel
Nurse: Feverish. I just, I don't feel real feverish. I just have mostly the head, just mostly the head hurts. My head hurts and my eyes hurt and I know it's sinus pressure. I know it is and my, I told her my ears hurt yesterday and everything she checked all that. She was really nice. But they don't do what, they don't do anything doctor did. They don't, I don't know why they, I try to tell them they don't understand because I had it. So I know my symptoms and I know what I go through every year I go through every year and my doctor already do it. That's why they, they, all I had to do was call them and they, you know, they would call the zone in for Thrush because they put me on amoxicillin for my sinus infection. Then I would get thrush from the amoxicillin. Then they would put me on the, they send me the f zone pills. Then I was fine for like six months or more, you know, until I got a sinus infection again. But I didn't get it because I have allergies.
Patient: Yeah. Um, well, since, you know, you've already got that thrush and stuff, they're gonna probably hold off on the antibiotic. But, um, do you have any of the Tylenol sinus? The over the counter medicine that you have?
Nurse: I don't have Tylenol sinus? I can't take a lot of that stuff. I can't take anything with a congestion in it because of my heart.
Patient: I can't,
Nurse: The only one I can take is Mucinex, just plain Mucinex. They told me,
Patient: Ok. Um, well, uh just, just keep taking that, monitor your temperature, of course, throughout the day. Um If you, I mean, it probably wouldn't hurt if you, if you had a home COVID test to make sure it wasn't COVID, which a lot of people are just having seasonal allergies right now, like what you said. So, um, yeah,
Nurse: I don't go anywhere. The first time yesterday was the first time I was out of the house in three weeks.
Patient: Um, but I will, uh, I'll have to send a message in to Ly to see about maybe getting the Diflucan ordered and let her know that your symptoms are still, um, you're still having some symptoms with, I had
Nurse: Them for over a week now. It's been since last Sunday. Well, this Sunday it's been since last, I say almost a week and a half. I think I had it since the last, not this Sunday, but the last Sunday. Yeah, it's been almost two weeks.
Patient: Ok. I will, uh, I just wanna
Nurse: Feel better so I can get out of the house.
Patient: Oh, yeah, I know. I know. Um, I know how that is. Um, I will, uh, just make sure it's
Nurse: Raining. I don't go nowhere.
Patient: Oh, well, just make sure, um, just make sure you too, you're drinking plenty of like, uh, clear fluids, water, stuff like that because that will thin out that mucus. Um, uh, and make sure you're still, um, which I know you didn't have any problems eating the other day but just make sure you're still eating plenty. Um, I have so, so
Nurse: But, yeah, I might have to gar I might have to use. Can I still gargle with salt water even though I'm taking this rush stuff.
Patient: I mean, you can, it won't, um, I wouldn't, uh, take it, like, close to it just because that, that and coat your mouth. But you can still switch around the salt water if you want to
Nurse: In between. Yeah. Mhm. Taking that because it's supposed to take that four times a day. So, how many, that, how many hours of that is that?
Patient: [PHI-Personal], every six hours?
Nurse: Mhm. Ok. I took it during the night. I took it before I went to bed. So it's not like I'm not working. It just don't work for me though. That does not work. That worked for doctor gave me that and it didn't work when she gave me that. So I talked to doctor because I had to go see him. He put me on the, he sent the zone thing in pill and he, they get me two of em and it was gone in no time cleared right up after you take the amoxicillin for my sinus infection.
Patient: Ok. Um, well, I will definitely let know that. Um, and just, just,
Nurse: I like her. She's, she's really knowledgeable. I like her. I didn't realize when I, when I got it that it was the same thing I took before it didn't work.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. It can cause that nauseated feeling. Um, but, um, but, um, I will definitely update Ly. Um, and if she lets me know anything, I will give you a call back.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, if she would, if she called in the zone that might help. Uh, but I, and I won't take the, no, I'm not taking the amoxicillin. Not, I went off of that right away. Uh huh. So, I don't know, I just want to get better that
Patient: I know. I know. Well, just, just taking the Tylenol. Yeah, just keep taking that Tylenol. Make sure you're taking your Mucinex and if you start feeling feverish, of course, take your, uh, temperature and, uh Tylenol will help with that fever too.
Nurse: Right. Right.
Patient: Ok. I'll be calling probably here in a little bit. Ok.
Nurse: All right. Thank you. All right. You're welcome. Bye bye.
