Nurse: Hi, this is Nicole. Can I help you?
Patient: Yes, Nicole. This is [PHI-Personal]. I just finished up with doctor [PHI-Personal]. Um, it went well, um, she's, I don't have to take um, medicine for, for graves, but we'll check again in three months. I'll get another set of blood tests, all the tests. Uh, the, the, the numbers look. Ok. But I have a problem of sometimes it's just becoming hyper again but I know when I'm hyper so I can always, um, I can always call her if I feel it. It's time to go that they suggested they doctor my urgent, my uh primary is, is away. She's in India. I guess her dad isn't doing well because she's in India. So they suggested that I go to the, of the urgent care on which is a part of their program which I like. Ok. But I don't know what the, what the address is. Would you have the address on that? Or I could just look it up. Um, I can
Nurse: Look it up. Let me get you pulled up here in the system real quick. So it's the urgent care that's um [PHI-Personal]. Do you know the name of it.
Patient: Uh, they just so I could probably, yeah, I'm wondering what they were doing the, um, COVID shot. I'm, I'm, oh,
Nurse: I have the address right here. Are you ready? Yes. [PHI-Geographic].
Patient: Ok. Yeah, I feel better going here because they're tied, they would have my information as well. They, the nurse said, um,
Nurse: Absolutely. All the same computer system. Yeah. Turning.
Patient: Yeah. So, um, yeah, I appreciate that very, very much and, and at least, uh, if I can get some medication that will help, that would be excellent. She said do, in fact doctor said it's better for me if I have some medication.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, I'll call you, um, later this week and just make sure everything's going ok and, you know, everything got situated at this appointment today and all of that. So I'll follow up with you. Um, either Thursday or Friday. Are you busy? Either one of those days or either one? Ok, to call.
Patient: I'm thinking that, um, um, this week while this is happening, I'm just gonna chill a little bit and not be out and about so very, very much. Um, uh, because I'm sure that stress. Uh huh. That is part of it too. Um, I've been worried about my brother, uh, who's [PHI-Personal] still doing very, very well, but doing too much and, um, I, I didn't realize how not, well I felt until I began to feel better. Um, after the nose surgery about three weeks ago. It's funny how you don't know that you don't feel good until you don't feel good. Right.
Nurse: Yeah. And you just kind of get used to it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So you said this started on Sunday, the rash? I
Patient: Saw the rash on Sunday. I am sure that it, that beforehand because I'm sure it's something that happens inside, it's inside of us. Yeah. It's just dormant and then it just happened and it's funny because usually I shower at night and had I, um, in, in the, my, I was in Ham [PHI-Geographic] with my brother who's in the, the summer home place that they visit. You know, they go to in the summer time and then their bathroom downstairs, their mirror is what their mirror over the sink is like longer than my mirror over my sink. And you could see, uh, part of your torso and I was drying myself under my breast and I see all of this and what the heck, I wouldn't have seen it. You don't look at yourself as when you're getting dressed in. I don't anyway, right in the morning. So I'm thinking, well, this wasn't there last night that I know. So it had to be happening during the night. And I was glad I was in that bathroom. Otherwise I could have gone until night time and not know it was there, but I knew it wasn't there that, that that night. I knew it wasn't there that night.
Nurse: Yeah. So, is it, it's going under your breast and it's wrapping around to your back or? It sounds
Patient: Like it was following the ba, the, the lines of my bra. Mm. Yeah. And the only one that, its is a little bit in the back because it doesn't itch underneath. Now. It feels like I've never had a sunburn, but this feels like the skin is tightening and it feel I feel like oh boy this must be what people have when they've been in the sun too long and this skin is be burnt um but if I don't have the pain that my cause my son had it and he said mom it's very painful um um if you wanna go to urgent care right now we'll go but I I didn't wanna go without talking to the doctor first. Mhm. Um and then [PHI-Personal] said it hurt right away from the very beginning so you know I can still deal with this and do whatever I have to do but I don't think that's gonna be smart. Yeah
Nurse: Yeah definitely get it checked out. Ok. Um well let me know this week if you need anything if you're having any issues with anything otherwise I'll call you before the weekend just to make sure you're all set before we head into that weekend. Ok. Ok I appreciate that. Alright no problem. Alright you take care have a Good day. Thank you. Bye
Patient: Bye bye.
