Nurse: Nurse care manager. This is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you?
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. My name is [PHI-Personal]. I think you just tried to call me. I did
Nurse: M, how are you
Patient: Feeling? I'm ok. I'm doing good. I, um, I don't know if it matters but I have, uh, going, I'm, I'm closer now to where we live in [PHI-Geographic] instead of up in. Does that make a difference for as to who calls me like you or it's still family practice? Like it's in house?
Nurse: Did you switch
Patient: From in? Yes, I did because it's, it's so much further. It's double or drive and we switched, um, down to [PHI-Geographic]. So I did it as well. No, he's still up there, you know, uh, you went to, I went to [PHI-Geographic]. Yeah, because I was going by myself and, you know, it was some days it was just a little ridiculous and, you know, getting there and, you know, the drive and the whole nine yards. So I just, it made it more convenient because it's like, um, uh, well, it's double the miles for, to be going up to, than it would be to go to [PHI-Geographic]. So that's why I did that. It had nothing to do with the girls, with the doctors there. They were great and all. And I did explain to them. But, um, yeah, so, um, I didn't know if that mattered to you calling us or not for calling me,
Nurse: I think because you switched to locations, you might have somebody else.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: Um, when did
Patient: You switch, uh, just last week, actually?
Nurse: Ok. And who's the provider that you're seeing at? [PHI-Geographic]?
Patient: Uh, [PHI-Personal]. Uh, they called in yesterday, didn't you? Yes, they call in doctor D yeah, I made an appointment because, uh, I've just been having these horrible leg cramps and my, and I don't know if I explained it to you before and it was just getting out of hand and they were going to just let me wait for six months and then see this doctor, you know, since I had already. But I told him I said, look, you know, just give me an appointment with whoever, you know, the doctor and then, because I gotta get rid of these leg cramps because it, it was ridiculous. And, and yeah, he did put me on, uh, medicines and, um, so hopefully that will,
Nurse: What kind of medication did he put you on?
Patient: Uh, do the trick? He gave me, um, Flexeril and another one just a minute. Mhm. Mellow [PHI-Personal] IC A N Meloxicam. Yeah. Well, is that so? Yeah, I guess Meloxicam anyway. So, and, uh, I took the, uh, muscle relaxer last night, you know, uh, twice. I took it, like, in, you know, in the afternoon and then in the evening and it, something did help, you know, one of the other and I can, but that worked. That was only one, um, one tablet a day. Mhm. So, that, then, I mean, I didn't have the cramps last night just a little bit right before I went to bed. But then I guess when the, uh, Flexeril kicked in, then it did help. So, and they had discussed, Doctor [PHI-Personal] had, uh, the singer had discussed with me that, you know, the, uh, Flexeril because I've had a few here from before that those might help when I was going to see her and I, I guess I, it just slipped my mind that I even had them. So I wasn't using them. Um, but had I been using them, I probably wouldn't be in the pain but that still has nothing to do with, you know, the fact that I'm not up there, it was just the idea that it was just getting to be too much of a drive with this Parkinson's and having all this me and then you have that drive and it's like you think about way too much, you know what I mean? Just gives you too much thinking time when you're too far away.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, I will find out but I think you'll probably get a new nurse care manager, which is ok. Um, but I'll still be [PHI-Personal]. So, if I needed to talk to [PHI-Personal] and he didn't answer, I could always talk to you. Of course. Um, but as far as moving forward, once a month to check in with you, you'll probably have a new nurse.
Patient: Ok. It was nice talking to you and thank you for everything.
Nurse: Of course. Where's [PHI-Personal] at today? What's he doing?
Patient: Uh he is home here? Oh, actually my son just came in and he's sitting in here talking to he had all change. That sounds
Nurse: Good. I'll give him a call back later so you guys can visit.
Patient: Ok? Alrighty, thank you so much and you have a great weekend. You too. Bye bye bye bye.
