Nurse: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal]. Hi,
Nurse: [PHI-Personal], how are you doing?
Patient: Well, I guess I'm doing all right. Uh, I don't know. I'm not very happy with, uh, what I have to do. I have to, have you talked to doctor's office?
Nurse: I have not, what's going on.
Patient: Well, I have COVID. You know that. Right. Yes. Yes. Ok. Well, I called this morning and [PHI-Personal], um, said I'll check but I didn't hear from her until, 0, 11 30. And she said that, uh, I would have to have, uh, it's not a video but it's, you know, a phone text, whatever. Oh, yeah. But, but not with, not with doctor, it's with the, uh, nurse practitioner, doctor a deal. And, uh, I'm not happy with that because one reason he and I haven't heard from him, uh, I haven't seen him in probably a year, two years or so and as I recall it's not easy to understand and that's gonna be somewhat, oh, the disillusionment, discouragement. It, it, it may not be. But I, and then I couldn't get her until, unless I waited until tomorrow morning at 7 30 in the morning. And II, I just feel really not happy about that. I really, I really don't and I realize doctors are busy, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. But when you have, you know, you have your, uh, relationship with your doctor and I have a, a great, wonderful girl named [PHI-Personal] helps so much, you know. But, but, but him, I don't know, I mean, I saw him one time years ago at, at, at least two, but might have been even three. So I don't know him, you know, and I don't, um, know how to talk to him and I don't know if I can understand him. That's, that's, uh, so anyway, what I, what I've done this last night I took, um, Mucinex and I took it in two parts, it says take two, but I'm kind of skin on taking two pills at one time. Right. So I, I've taken it one this morning and, and, uh, when I took my first pill last night I felt, uh, pretty good after, after, you know, but then not, not, not then, not since then. Too good. Um, and it's kind of, well, it's just another thing, you know, it, it's not ate but it's whatever, right. Anyhow. Um, this was very unexpected, very unexpected. I hadn't heard nobody with COVID around here in the American Health. But, um, I talked to my, um, uh, well, no, I, I have a program and they were supposed to do something and, uh, the lady in charge, the director said I can't do it. She says I have COVID that was, was yesterday afternoon. And so like, so when I found out that I had to make other arrangements to cancel or whatever with the flyer. And, uh, and then I had been with her on Friday, oh, discussing this program that I'm involved with teaching. And so she, you know, cleared me up on that and, uh, and, and with the COVID, so I had to go a different route and I know this is a lot of, you don't have to know everything, but I'm trying
Nurse: To. Ok, that's, yes. No, I was going to ask how you found out anyway. So that's ok. Wait,
Patient: Yeah, she, she said, and so then, um, one of the staff came over and, uh, said, you know, we're gonna order your food and then she brought me AAA packet to take the test self test, which I did and, and, and it was posi it was positive and, and so I told them then, so then they lock the doors. I mean, they didn't lock the doors, they put signs all over and all that stuff. Well, what, what happened Sunday morning? Because I knew nothing that I had anything. I, I didn't have a, a super knife but it, but I didn't know I had anything wrong. And, um, so when I took it and I had gone down to get my breakfast order. I took my order down there. I do. I had, I had no, no knowledge of having anything wrong with me, you know. And then, uh, so then around two something yesterday afternoon, uh, we got the results and, uh, and reported and then they, you know, took measures and all. But the i, the thing is they didn't tell me that they were gonna put stuff all over my door and they were gonna put some medical supplies outside my door. But they don't, they don't give you any, like, procedural things to do. Um, you know, I don't know what to do and I never had that happen before to have, we had the stuff on the door, but I didn't have the, the supplies like the red hazard bags and, and the mask and a number of different things. II, I never had that happen. And so I was out in the hall, I was sanitizing the box or the little drawers and I, I had never, uh, like I never had them but I said, I don't know where they've been. So I just sanitized them. And while I was out there, a lady resident walked by and she talked a little bit and then they brought my dinner, but I didn't know she was coming, I knew I was gonna get dinner but when, and she came from a different direction so I didn't even see it. So she was shook up the people in the, in the morning breakfast are shook up because I was out there and I have COVID, but I, that was early in the morning and I had no knowledge until afternoon. So I, I feel like I'm at the dog house because they called me and said you aren't supposed to be out. And I said, well, I didn't know it at the time and I certainly wouldn't have been out.
Nurse: Right. Right. And, and there's nothing you can
Patient: Do about that, you know? And I, I don't wanna be responsible for being sick and all that stuff, but I, how could I have helped it? You know? And I, so I've been kind of upset but, um, also, oh, my BP is higher but this morning it was [PHI-Account] let's see, I'd have to go get it. It's [PHI-Account] and I'll get it. Um, ok, you just take your time. It was, um, let me see here this morning it was, um, [PHI-Account] and 79/[PHI-Account]. Oh, ok. Yeah, that's high. Last night. At 11 it was [PHI-Account] and 51/84 and at 7 30 it was [PHI-Account] [PHI-Account] and 68. Over 80 the pulse isn't high.
Nurse: Ok, that's what I was gonna ask. What's your pulse running at?
Patient: It's [PHI-Account]. Uh, last night at 11 it was 56. So it wasn't, it wasn't bad. Um, on Saturday night. It, it was [PHI-Account] and 41/72 63 and [PHI-Account] and 40 three. Over 75 61. 0, yeah. Well, I, I expected it to be high when I knew that, you know what I had, but this morning I thought [PHI-Account] and 79/[PHI-Account] is not what I like. No.
Nurse: And that's definitely because you're sick. So, uh, you know, are you having any, like, headaches or congestion or anything like that related to COVID?
Patient: Well, my head feels weird,
Nurse: Like, kind of clogged or, uh, pressure.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. And my, my eyes, you know, feel funny, uh, when I took that first Mucinex last night that, uh, just the one pill I felt different. I mean, there was a release but, uh, since then, but I didn't tell you what Saturday night was kind of crazy. Um, that I woke up and I had, um, kind of, I had a phlegm and, and evidently it was drooling out of my mouth and it was on my shirt and, I mean, I thought that's strange but I have a, what do you call a chin guard and a mouth guard and? Ok. CPAP. CPAP and all like that. But I've never had anything like that. And then I, I changed my shirt and I, I woke up a couple hours later and I, I had that pretty thick, uh, phlegm mucus. So that's, and that was before I took the Mucinex because I didn't even, you know, it just was weird. Uh, right. But even then yesterday morning I didn't, you know, I didn't feel like it was bad but the, the mucus was kind of like, you know, but it was, you know, I didn't feel horrible. I didn't feel my throat has been sore. So, I mean, it's, I don't know. So,
Nurse: Yeah, I kind of, kind of having some of the symptoms, the, like the sore throat and the headache a little bit. Um, the Mucinex, uh, with your phlegm, was it colored or was it clear?
Patient: It, it was clear, it wasn't cough. Ok. Good, good. Perfect. And, and I mean, I've had no repeats on that at all. No. Uh, I, I've coughed some, not heavy coughing, just cough, you know, like something tickling a little bit. It kind of sore. So, anyway, uh, anyway, I just, I just told you how it is.
Nurse: Yeah. No, and that's ok. And, and the other thing too is don't feel, you know, upset or, you know, be like you said about the neighbors because there's nothing you could have done at that point. You didn't know that it was, you know, positive at that time. So I would just say, you know, stay inside for now, just rest the appointment with the deal, the telephone appointment. Um, you know, I would go ahead and do that with him because he may be able to go ahead and prescribe you, um, you know, that medication for the COVID and that kind of just helps with the symptoms and kind of speeds up the healing process. So that may be beneficial too. And then of course, staying hydrated and, you know, um, keeping your area clean. I don't know if you have like, any cleaning supplies but maybe just like, clean up, you know, the counter tops, that kind of stuff, making sure
Patient: That it's, 00, yeah. You know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah,
Nurse: That kind of stuff just to kind of kill any germs that have maybe been lingering around or anything like that and then just watch that BP too. Um, you know, do you take medication for the BP? Let me,
Patient: I, I sure do. Um, ok. Uh, Losartan and, uh, Nevil, which used to be Bystolic. Uh, I, and I'm not taking because, uh, I'm not taking spironolactone, which I did and when I went to the, uh, cardiologist, she said to quit it for, ok. Yeah. Yeah. She told me not to do it. Uh, that's a nurse practitioner. And then, uh, uh, I have an appointment with the cardiologist to, um, on the [PHI-Personal], the [PHI-Personal]. Ok.
Nurse: So that's next
Patient: Friday.
Nurse: You should be good to go by then if you, uh, if you're clear of symptoms by that time, I would think you're good to go. And then, like I said, if a deal prescribes you, the medication that sometimes helps speed the, you know, get riding of the symptoms and that kind of stuff will speed up that healing process a little bit. Uh, but of course, if you get closer to that time and you're still not feeling well or you're having any symptoms, then I would say maybe call them to reschedule.
Patient: Yeah. Well, they, um, here they said, um, how, how, how to sort of figure, figure out how they said it. But, ok, like yesterday was Diagnosis day and, and so five days after the diagnosis day, which would be Friday that I, I don't have to be quarantined, you know, unless something else were to, you know, do
Nurse: Unless you were. Yes. Exactly. So perfect. Then, yes, I would say the same thing you go off of, you know, that,
Patient: Uh, ok. Um, I'm trying to think if there's anything else. II, I, no, I, I remember before and I can't say the word right or something, something like that. Uh, is that still, um, a good, um, prescription medicine or, I mean, is that still recommended or what is it Hy Hy HYDROcodone or something like that? H something Q, oh, starts with an h,
Nurse: Uh, doctor had prescribed it for you in the past.
Patient: No, no, no shot. Oh, ok. And then, uh, my son just had COVID and it was like, um, Paxlovid or something. Yes. The
Nurse: Paxlovid is what, uh, is been given out recently. That's what a deal will probably go with. Um, if you decide to take the medication that way and, you know, it has, uh, you know, real good outcomes. I don't know, a lot of people that have side effects from it. So.
Patient: Well, my son, I think, uh, and, uh, some other members of his family took that VAX and he said it made it much easier. Right. So, yeah, how, how do you spell it? Tax
Nurse: Pax? Lob ID.
Patient: [PHI-Personal],
Nurse: P A XL
Patient: OO V ID, V ID. Ok. Ok. Yeah. Yeah, I, I, uh, I think I'm gonna ask for that. Yes, I have a right to ask for it. Right.
Nurse: Yes, absolutely. Yes, because you're still within the amount of days that, you know, you need to be in. So you have, I would definitely ask for it and then of course that with staying hydrated, um, you know, resting as much as possible,
Patient: It's getting a lot as well. Yeah. Yeah, I'm not, but I can't fall asleep. I don't. Uh, oh. Right.
Nurse: Yes. Yeah. No. If you can't sleep, that's ok. Maybe just, you know, uh, resting in the chair on the couch, those kinds of things. Just kind of relaxing as much as possible just to let your body, you know, heal and then if your stomach is doing ok, then, um, you know, like not any nausea or vomiting or anything like that, then I would say doing like light meals like soups, those kinds of things. Just to kind of. Yeah. You know.
Patient: Yeah, I got, um, I got some apple sauce and, and I got, I got some chicken noodle soup and, and some other stuff like you yogurt. And I, well, ok, well, thank you. Um, yeah,
Nurse: Well, and if you need anything, you call me, um, uh, hopefully everything will go well with your appointment. Like I said, just, um, ask him for that medication, you know, start it as soon as you can, you know, get it and stay hydrated and then you call me if you need anything. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Ok. Thank you so much.
Nurse: All right, you're welcome. I'll check back in with you in a few days. I'll probably call you at the end of the week just to make sure everything's going ok if I don't hear from you before then.
Patient: Oh, ok. Thank you.
Nurse: Yeah, you're welcome. So you have a great
Patient: Day. Thank you. You too. Bye
Nurse: Bye bye.
