Nurse: This is [PHI-Personal]. Can I help you? Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is
Patient: [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: You call me? I did [PHI-Personal]. I wanted to give you a call today and follow up to see how is that area doing since you've been on your, on the antibiotics. I just wanted to follow up and see if you've had any progress
Patient: It's going down. Ok. So it's not as dark as it was. I keep, you know, I put the hot compress on it, you know, and I keep, I, I'm, I'm hoping once I finish the medication before I finish the medication it'll pop because it looks like the bumps just coming to a head.
Nurse: Oh, it is coming to a head has like a little white pin area looking on it. [PHI-Personal]. Yeah, it's trying to get there. Yeah. Ok. Good. And this is something that's been ongoing for you. Correct? The same area? Yeah. Ok. And in the past have you had to do the antibiotics before, or did it come to a head on its own and then kind of resolve itself.
Patient: It comes of a few times it come to a head and burst and then it would come back. But that the doctor was saying that the root needs to come out.
Nurse: I was just gonna say yes, that you gotta get that what we call the root out of there or it's just gonna slowly over time, fill back up with that fluid or, you know, whatever it is, if it's like dead skin, cell tissue, you know, and it slowly builds up over time and since that area is already stretched out, it's easier for it to get into that pore of your, your skin and, and they're right and usually it takes um removing that surgically to get that to not come back anymore.
Patient: Well, the n the, the uh doctor that I was talking to when I came said because it's in my breast, that's what they're worried about.
Nurse: Exactly. And I'm so glad you came in [PHI-Personal] to have them take a look at it and after you finish the antibiotics, if you don't feel like it's, you know, made any progress or if it's worsening, definitely reach out and let us know and we'll, we'll get you rescheduled again. Ok. All right. Alrighty. Do you have any questions or concerns? Yeah. Um I
Patient: Is my pro time. Did it come back yet?
Nurse: Uh Let me look here. I do not see any. Uh the last one I see is from May 2nd. I don't see it yet today. Ok. Ok. Alright, thank you. Alright, thanks Janet. I appreciate you giving me a call back and like I said, if, if it doesn't look like it's improving after you finish the antibiotics, you give us a call and we'll get you scheduled. Ok. Alright. Alright, thanks Janet. Have a good afternoon. You too. Bye bye. All right. Bye bye.
