Nurse: Thank you for calling the care management team. My name is [PHI-Personal]. How may I help you?
Patient: Hi, uh my name is [PHI-Personal]. I got a call from this number saying that uh you're calling in behalf of doctor for additional benefit.
Nurse: Yes, let me get you pulled back up in my system. Ok. So we are on a recorded line for quality and training purposes. But the reason for the call is Doctor [PHI-Personal] is providing a care management program that she thought that you could benefit from and what that is, it's where a dedicated nurse will call you in between your visits and provide you with any assistance on your current health conditions. She can help with medications, lab results and community resources and this program helps Doctor [PHI-Personal] to stay up to date on your well being, the care nurse will call and check in and see how everything is going to see how you're feeling, things like that. She'll document all of your responses and provide a direct report to Doctor [PHI-Personal] for review. If Doctor [PHI-Personal] sees anything of concern, she'll make sure that you do get seen right away. And this is an added benefit to making sure that you're staying as safe and healthy as possible in between your office visits. And the program is a billable service to Medicare, Medicare advantage and secondary insurances. It might be subject to coinsurance, deductibles and copays. I do see that you have Medicare and [PHI-Personal] for life. Is that correct? Correct? Ok. So it would be approximately $9 for the program and the care nurse can contact you either once a month, once every two months, every three months or every six months. You also have the option of reaching out to your care nurse. If you do have any questions in regards to your health or if you needed any help with prescription refills, setting up appointments or rescheduling appointments, things like that. Would you prefer morning or afternoon calls from the ners?
Patient: Uh, probably I'm not interested in this program because I'm perfectly ok with just seeing [PHI-Personal] every six
Nurse: Months. Ok. I can send you some more information and if you ever change your mind in the future, you can always reach out to your care nurse directly. How does that sound?
Patient: Uh No, it's ok.
Nurse: Ok, not a problem. Well, thank you so much for taking the time and speaking with me today. Thank you so much. Bye bye bye.
