Nurse: Yeah, good morning. Thank you for calling Care Management. My name is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you?
Patient: Hi back. I got a call yesterday and a message left by [PHI-Personal] about a new program with doctor [PHI-Personal] office.
Nurse: Yes. Give me one moment. I'll get you right over to [PHI-Personal]. Thank you.
Patient: No problem. Good bye.
Nurse: Hi. This is [PHI-Personal] with the care management team.
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. Uh, this is [PHI-Personal] Via. You called me yesterday about a new program with Doctor [PHI-Personal] office? Oh,
Nurse: Ok. Well, I appreciate getting back to me, [PHI-Personal]. Uh, how are you doing today?
Patient: I, well, I'm a little under the weather. I've got a cold. I had, um tested positive about a week ago for uh COVID. I had, uh, you know, the symptoms of a cold for several days and I took a home test and it tested positive and it's been a week since then. Uh I felt great yesterday. Uh, today I've got a little nasal congestion so I don't know what's going on. Theoretically I should be ok.
Nurse: Uh Your symptoms will go up and down kind of with that. It's kind of almost like a roller coaster. Type thing.
Patient: Yeah. Well, how long, you know, how long does this last? I mean, does that mean I still have COVID?
Nurse: Um, well, I don't wanna tell you yes or no because really you should get, uh, tested again once, um, once you start feeling better and you, you feel your s, your system subsided, uh, you should get tested again just to make sure. But, so I, I don't
Patient: Wanna tell you if I take another home test antigen antigen test that I, I shouldn't. In fact, I read yesterday in an article that you shouldn't take another, another antigen test, you know, after the quarantine period because it's likely to say yes, you're positive even if you're not because of, you know, the fact that you had it had
Nurse: It. Yes, because you already have. So you'll have the antibodies already in the system. Um, but I, I don't wanna, like, I don't wanna tell you. Yes, I think you're good or no. Um, you know, again, it's, it's depending on how you're feeling and what's going on with your symptoms, things like that. Ok. Um, all right. So that's how I'm feeling. Ok. Well, I'm glad it's, you're, today, you're just a little stuffiness. Hopefully you'll feel a little bit better throughout the day and tomorrow you'll feel better. Ok. Um, so the, this, it's a new program, uh, Doctor [PHI-Personal] is offering to his patients. It's a care management program and I, I just wanted to go over it with you really quick. Do you have a couple minutes for it? Sure. Ok. Uh, and just so, you know, the call is recorded for quality purposes? Ok. Um, it's really what it is, is just our nurse would call and check in with you. See how you're doing in between office visits. She's gonna go over your full medical health with you, um, answering any questions, addressing any issues. She'll also go over any medications if you're taking any. So if you had questions about those or if you need a refills, uh, or if you had questions and needed help with appointments, um, labs or community resources, things like that. Really? Ok. Um, now I do wanna let you know that the care management program is a available service to Medicare and Medicare Advantage plans and secondary insurance carriers. It is subject to co insurances and deductibles and co payments. So when you have contact with your dedicated nurse, you may get a statement from the practice for this service. Um, it is considered to be an office visit and you do get to choose how often your nurse calls you. So if you'd like to call you once a month or maybe once every three months, um, even just once a year, that's up to you, uh I'm gonna mail you a letter to the program and it's gonna have your nurses uh, information in there. So you're able to call her with any questions or concerns too. Ok.
Patient: Well, you know, I don't, I don't really, that often have issues that aren't being managed. Uh, and I'm not shy if I run into a problem, you know, I do call Doctor [PHI-Personal] office or send him an email on the, uh, website. So I'm not sure why an extra layer would be necessary. It sounds like it might be good for people that are, you know, well advanced in their age and maybe, you know, having more problems than not.
Nurse: Mhm. Well, the, the program actually I is designed, it helps doctor [PHI-Personal] stay on top of how his patients are doing in between appointments with him and it offers additional support for you and the other patients.
Patient: I see. And this is covered by insurance.
Nurse: It is a billable service to uh to Medicare and Advantage plans and secondary insurance carriers. Ok. Um, it's considered to be an office visit. Uh huh. Ok. So, I mean, and again you get to choose. So even if you wanted your nurse to call you just once a year that that's up to you, um, I, you do have access to our information. So throughout the year, if you had any questions or concerns you'd be able to call her if you wanted to. Ok. Ok. Sure. Would it be better for her to call you in a more in the morning or in the afternoon?
Patient: It'd be best in the afternoon?
Nurse: Ok. And then g I just wanna confirm your information still the same. I have your mailing address still as 806 Curtain Street, South Williamsport PA [PHI-Geographic] O2. And your insurance still is Medicare and [PHI-Personal]. That's correct. Ok, great. All right, [PHI-Personal] then you're all set. Um, what I am gonna do though is I'm gonna make a note for the nurse. I just letting her know that you, you know, you have a co you're still a little stuffy. Um but you were questioning um about, you know, having COVID um as far as you know, whether what you should be doing after once you start feeling better. Ok? And then she, she'll reach out to you in regards to that. Ok? Thank you. Oh, you're welcome, [PHI-Personal] uh feel better and stay safe and Happy New Year.
Patient: Thanks. Happy New Year to you, [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Thank you. Bye bye bye bye now.
