Nurse: Good afternoon. This is Jessica. Hi, Jessica. This is Luda returning your call. Uh, hi, how are you? Pretty good. Good, good. I had Sciatica really bad yesterday. Oh, no, that's not bad. I'm better today though. Good, good. Hey, when I had called you on Friday, I believe it was. Um, Ashley wanted me to follow up with you because you had, you had went in, um, and seen her for the, um, scooter to get the, the motorized scooter. Um, she came back and told me that she had gotten a notification from insurance that they would not pay, uh, for this scooter. Um, and didn't really say why just said that she had gotten a notification from them, um, stating that Medicare does not approve the scooter, um, especially for outside use. Um, so I kind of can see that in a way, but then I can't. Right. So, the other thing that I was, um, I was doing some research outside of that. So, you know. Ok. So we don't get it covered by Medicare. Um, I had found a website, um, that you could check into to see if it would be something that you would qualify for basically what this website is. Lucinda is. It is um where you can, where patients are able to go through, they fill out information in regards to, you know, like their medical needs um as well as, you know, just some basic information and then you submit it to this um this or this uh website and then it will let you know whether or not you would be approved for um a scooter. And typically they are, uh, we've had good success with people being able to get scooters, um, for themselves, you know, without having to pay a whole lot of, you know, out of pocket costs. Um, do you have a paper and a pen handy? Yes, I do. Ok. And I'll give you that, uh, that website. It's, it's American. Ok. Outreach. Ok. Foundation dot com. Ok. I got it. Ok. And then there is a place on there once you pull that website up. Um, I believe there is a place right on that first page that will say, um, where you can fill out like a little, um, little bit of information in regards about yourself. Um, and kind of the application. It's like an online application form. Um, but you can, there's other information on that website of kind of what they do. They've got a wide variety of different, um, opportunities and, and, um, what do I want to say, opportunities and different things that they can help people with. So definitely something to look into just because with, you know, Medicare not covering the, the scooter. Um definitely something to, to look into. Um, one other thing I wanted to do since I've got you on the phone. Lucinda is I did want to verify that your mail, your mailing address is still 12 25 Isabella Street in Williamsport, Pennsylvania. Yes. Ok. And then did, have you had any, um, from last year to this year any insurance changes? No, no, everything stayed the same for you. Yes. Ok. Yes. Um, now, did you, while I've got you on the phone, did you want to do your monthly phone call with me or did you want to, um, have me call you back at a later date within the month? Yeah. Call me back, can you? Yeah. Yes, I can. Yep, that's not a problem. Um, lucent, what are you thinking as far? You want me to wait for, like towards the end of the month or what it, what's, what would work best? Ok. Ok. And then at that point then we can, um, we can do your phone call as well as, um, as well as Cliff's phone call. We'll just do it, do it all together and, and get it, get it done and that way I can also touch base with you. See if you've had a chance to check out that website and, um, see how you're coming with anything with all of that. Ok. Alright, thank you, Jessica. Thank you. Have a good day, Lucinda. You too. Thank you. Bye bye.
