Nurse: Hi. Hello, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Yeah. Hi, this is [PHI-Personal]. Huh?
Nurse: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. Um, I was calling just to check in with you and see how you were doing.
Patient: I'm doing ok. But, but I don't have, my, my battery ran low and my husband is bringing me. So I didn't take any this morning. But I think you seen yesterday, right.
Nurse: Yeah. Uh, and they were pretty low again. Yeah. So, I'm not, you know, I don't know what's going on there. Um, I don't
Patient: Know, I have no idea but
Nurse: I'm gonna send, uh, doctor a message and just see what she wants to do. Um, or if she has any suggestions, I will let her know that we already, you know, scheduled a sooner cardiology appointment. Um, so I just, you know, gonna see what she wants to do at this point. Um, because you're, you know, like you said yesterday and the evenings it was, you know, well, actually in the morning it was 43 and then in the evening it was 34 the day before that too. In the evenings it, it was 32.
Patient: I know. It's crazy. Yeah.
Nurse: Which is pretty low. Pretty low.
Patient: It, could you think it could be my, my machine.
Nurse: Um, and you said you're getting new batteries for it?
Patient: Yeah. My husband's going out today to get him. Ok.
Nurse: Yeah, I would try once you get it back, um, you know, put the new batteries in it and then try it out again. Um, and then of course.
Patient: Mm. Well, my daughter's coming. Yes. Go ahead. My daughter's coming this afternoon to take a lunch and she's a registered nurse. So I'm gonna, I'm gonna show her the, you know, my readings and see what she thinks, you know? But she told me that it's bad to have the, the, uh, heart rate so low. You know, she, she, because she used to work for a cardiologist and I'm not saying that's the answer. But, you know, she said it, it's not, it's a, it's really not good to have that so low, you
Nurse: Know? Yeah, I, I agree. That's why I'm like, I, I definitely wanna see what doctor wants to do. I, because I know that you, you know, you recently saw a deal, what was it at the end of the last month?
Patient: Yeah. He couldn't help me that much because he doesn't, he didn't know that much about that, you know, the cardiology medication.
Nurse: Right. Right. So, we just kinda wanna check with doctor just to, just to let her know what's going on and that we did schedule that sooner appointment. Um, you know, also, let me see. So you're, but are you having any chest pain? No,
Patient: But I'm tired. I mean, I'm tired all the time, you know,
Nurse: Definitely tired. Um, and then you said you were kind of having like some confusion, right? Like at times it comes in a little
Patient: Bit more than I normally have. I'm confused anyway, a lot of times. But I'm very slow with everything I do, you know.
Nurse: Right. And what about any dizziness or lightheadedness?
Patient: No, no, I mean, I just feel tired, you know, but I do see these white things going across my eyes. Um OK, even when they're closed and I asked the, the eye doctor, he said it had nothing to do with my eyesight. So I don't know, I haven't nobody but it's just white like white half circle going across my eye. Yeah, but it doesn't, you know, it doesn't disturb me or anything. I just been happening for a while.
Nurse: Ok, cause sometimes that can be a result of like high BP, um, that you were having before. But now, you know, well I've pretty
Patient: Much kinda, well if I took it today, I bet it would be normal. I mean that's weird. It just, it must be the medication. It's got to be.
Nurse: Yes, I definitely think that especially with the pulse rate. Uh I definitely feel like it's the carvedilol because that is a big side effect of it that it drops your pulse rate. Um, and I definitely think it's really doing that but what I'm also gonna do is, um, I'm gonna call cardiology back. I'm gonna call them back. I'm just gonna kinda let them know what's going on with your pulse and see. Um,
Patient: Well, I checked it's been pretty low for a long time. I mean, right. And since I went back on it, I don't know what it was before because I know I didn't monitor it that much, you know. Right. So, I don't know. But it, that's pretty
Nurse: Low. Yes. Yeah. And I'm, that just, you know, makes me a little, you know, concerned. So that's what I'm gonna do real quick is I'm gonna go ahead and call back the cardiology office and just let them know what's going on. Um, since you are still having that low, um, you know, pulse rate, see if they can give me any suggestions. Um, and then we can go from there, um, and see what they wanna do. Maybe, um, if I do that they can maybe get you in even sooner than the 28th, maybe they can get you in, like, next week or something like that. Yeah, that
Patient: Would be good. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. And then that way we can, um,
Patient: Maybe they think I'm so old and they don't care anymore.
Nurse: Oh, no. And then, um, of course, just remember, you know, if you can just relax as much as you can try to manage that stress. Um, you know, you're doing well with keeping that BP under control. Um, cause these are factors too that can, can help or, you know, help with the bradycardia with the low, uh, pulse. So, you know that and then you just maintaining, um, you know, a healthy diet in that way. And then, like I said, I'm going to call them right now, so I will call you back. Ok, here and here soon, uh, and let you know what they say. Ok.
Patient: Ok, I'll be on my phone.
Nurse: Ok. All right, perfect. So, um, then I will touch base with you here in a bit. Ok. All right.
