Nurse: Hi, it's [PHI-Personal]. Can I help you?
Patient: I'm returning your
Nurse: Call. Hi there. I recognize your voice. I, I didn't wanna wake you. I didn't wake you up. Did I, I
Patient: Had my phone off. So even if you called, I, I didn't hear it. So when you call I didn't hear it. So.
Nurse: Oh, goodness. So that's good. Right. Oh, I just wanted to let you know, I, I did give like the on call, doctor an update. Um, of course, he's just kinda filling in with Doctor [PHI-Personal]. So, I mean, he didn't really say much about it. I, I asked for some, you know, I, I said, what do you think some allergy medicine, you know, wouldn't hurt. Should he try that? And then, you know, basically he just ordered you the, the Claritin. I, I did ask for the, remember? I was telling you that Xyzal I think works a little bit better, but I'm not sure he ordered you that one. So, I mean, they're all about the same. Um, and then doctor Doctor will be back on Monday. So if we need to change anything, like he, he was telling me at least I could tell you because I, I feel like we know each other now, but he was telling me like it's over the counter and I said, you know, I don't like to go against what a doctor says, but I know the insurance pays for like a lot of the patients over the counter medications. So, like, he basically was just telling you to get it over the counter and then I just nicely said again, um, a lot of patients I talk to, you know, that I said that, see, that's how, you know, at least I try to stick up for you guys. But I, I, because I know
Patient: Like you shouldn't have to though that, you know, it says, you know, that's their job is, uh, you know, I'm telling you, man, this is that, I don't know what's going on, man, just like that. But thank you for the information. I mean, that's obviously that's between you and I, but I'm just saying, man, like, you know, you know, the integrity man, you know, come on, man, you know. Oh
Nurse: Gosh, I know. And I, because I did say like financially, you know, like, because I, I know I bought that, I think I told you, I bought that size out for my daughter and they gave you like 10 pills and it was like $15. So her, her doctor ordered her and she has like the, the chip and uh, you know, they paid for it. So, I mean, I'm, I'm assuming, I mean, don't quote me and it, maybe for some reason your insurance would be different but a lot of the patients I talk to like, I mean, and, and you could get like a generic Claritin. That's not too much, but I was trying to get that X out because I thought, you know, it's just in my opinion, I mean, maybe one works better than the other and I'm not saying it's even gonna help you. It's at least you'll have it and you could try it. It, you know, unfortunately, I
Patient: Mean, I, I mean, that it doesn't, it doesn't hurt. Right. You know,
Nurse: That's the way I see it and I know, like, I don't mean to, like, bring up my situations or, or my kids, but that's why I tell you just because, like, I know from experience, like, and, you know, some, your symptoms may be completely different and, you know, maybe that medicine won't help but it won't hurt to try. Right.
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. That I'm still waiting for someone to give me some cough medicine too, by the way, you know, since, I mean, I don't know what the big hang up is on, on the cough medicine but you wanna give me everything else. Yeah.
Nurse: Let me see. I wanna see if I have it on your list. Let me just,
Patient: You know, that's another thing, you know, II, I, you know, I filled out, uh, uh, claims with the [PHI-Personal] regarding, you know, you know, the issues I was having that I discussed with you. They said that they investigated it and they sent me letters coming back and one of the things I talked about was the, the cough syrup. You know, how, how, how I, I needed it, you know, like I can't believe that, you know, I never had this problem before. You know, I go to show that I needed it because I'm still coughing, you know. But anyway, um so I ran the feedback to them. They sent me a letter. Oh, well, the reports, uh we, I guess they, they, they investigated it and they said that, that, that never came up in discussion. What are you fucking kidding me? Yeah, like that. Where, where, who did they talk to? And what number one? And, and boy did they lie? Because that's bullshit. That's a bunch of bullshit. You know, that was a, like a big, that was a big fight with, with, with, uh, you know, in the beginning trying to get some cough syrup with you guys, you know. You know, and not, not being issued it because of the HYDROcodone in it and that you make me drowsy mind you, I get prescribed Hy HYDROcodone. I haven't even been taking those pills by the way, you know, but I much prefer taking some cough syrup because it, it actually helps my cough the high the, the, the, the, the pain meds I get is for, when I'm in pain for, for my back and my knees cause my, you know, they're both tore up, which I haven't been needing. You know, I mean, the only pain I got today is all this chest pain and, and stomach cramps, you know, from and my back, you know, from the muscles inside from, from coughing, you know, but that's not gonna help it. You know what I mean? You know that because you know, so here I am again asking for cough syrup, you know, that, that best at this stage of the game after so long, you know, I, you know, I've been, I, I've been taking your pills, been trying your cough pills, you know, I tried, I tried you this, I try that but at least, you know, alleviate some of the problem until we get more testing done, please. I mean, I don't know what else to say to you guys, you know, besides, uh you know, uh uh filing an appeal uh regarding this letter, tell him that this, this, this, this is, this is not true, you know, and we got some, you know, we got some, some, some liars up, up, you know, somebody's lying, you know, or somebody didn't take a notation, but I tell you what I mean. I know I've discussed this, this problem with you since, since. So since I don't know what, three weeks ago when I first came out the hospital and I didn't get
Nurse: It. Yeah, I could even check now and see. I know I talk, let me see.
Patient: That's what I'm saying, that, but, you know, I figured I'd bring it up again because, you know what, like last night, I wish I, I wish I had, it's not like I'm gonna take this stuff all day, every day, you know, I just wanna, when the cough gets real bad and I guess, you know.
Nurse: Yeah. No, I mean, it's actually right here. I see it, it says like you had called us, you were in the, er, yeah, the HYDROcodone cough syrup asking if you could have a few more days worth to help. And then,
Patient: Yeah, because the, the hospital gave me a little, a little vial to take home with me for, because it was the weekend because they weren't the pressure I was gonna get, uh, uh, you know, um, a pre, you know, which makes sense. But, but I, that wasn't the case. I, you know, got every, every other pill and every other medication in the world but that, you know.
Nurse: Yeah, I mean, I could certainly, I, I can't make any promises with this, this doctor that's covering since I had a fight for allergy medicine. But I could ask, like I could let him know, like I called her to tell you about the allergy medicine and, and you wanted to see if you could get something for a cough also. Um, you know, just, and I'll, I'll mention that you're on the HYDROcodone that helps when you were in the, er, and see,
Patient: Listen, man, you don't have to, you don't have to do anything, you know, because it's not your job, you know. Uh, uh, you know, it's my
Nurse: Job, I'm here to, you know, help out the best I can.
Patient: Hey, thank you. I, I appreciate, you know, I'm just so tired, sick and tired of being sick and tired, you know, and
Nurse: You, and you tried that little pill thing and that didn't help like that, those little curls
Patient: That should, it doesn't do anything for me, man. Come on.
Nurse: Yeah. No, I know I've had them before. I know they're not like some people they work but
Patient: Uh you know, and then, you know, like I said, when it gets real bad, I try to take some Mucinex. But uh no, man, you know, doesn't, it doesn't really alleviate anything like uh that's not even working anymore, man. Yeah, we got,
Nurse: What the heck? My gosh. Well, you know, so your, your test is next Thursday, right?
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. That yes, ma'am. All right.
Nurse: So, I mean, I, I'll just, I don't, I mean, it's not even a big deal. I'll just message him back and say, you know, I talked to you to tell you about the Claritin. You're gonna try it. But you know, your, your cost really, like causing pain, you know, from coughing so much. Is there something else you could try? And I'll let him know you tried those pills and they didn't help and I'll let him know you tried the HYDROcodone and it helps. So I'll see what, you know, I'll see what he does. It doesn't hurt. Right. If he says no, I mean, doctor comes back Monday and we'll try again. At least she knows like you tried things and, you know, it just stinks when she's not there because I feel like at least she knows what's going on a little bit more.
Patient: Yeah, it's, it's, it, you know, like I said, I, I'm just running, you know, like I said, you call, you know, you call me, I'm telling you the truth. Any time you call when I call you is to run the feedback to you because you're obviously listening. So, you know, II I don't have anything to gain or to lose by being completely honest. You know, all I'm trying to do is, is heal, recover, you know, I, you know, and get off of any medication. Uh, you know, I don't wanna take any of these medications, man.
Nurse: Yeah. No, I know you're not on many but I mean, whatever you have to do to, to feel better. Obviously, you know, it's just this cough, I think if that goes away, you're gonna feel a lot better and back to yourself more and work on all the things you've been trying to do. But, I mean, at least you're on the, but, hey, if they're saying it's acid reflux, we'll take that acid reflux pill. See if it helps if it isn't, you know, it might not help. I know. But, I mean, even with that, like, unfortunately any medication may take like a few weeks or even a month to really see if it's gonna help. So, I mean, it's ok to try it, try the Claritin, you know, use your Albuterol, like, just do all that for now and then, you know, get that test next week and then we'll kind of go from there and, and we could always, I know you're coming in in July, but we could always check back in with her and get an appointment sooner and, you know,
Patient: You know, it's been, you know, it's, it's been over a month already. Right.
Nurse: Yes, I do. I, and I've told all the doctors that it's, it's ridiculous, but hopefully, like I said, if something's found next week, you know, get that test done and then
Patient: It's just me, it's part of my life. Maybe this is, you know, God's God putting me through a season, man for a reason, you know. No, it's not
Nurse: That I think she's, you know, it with doctor [PHI-Personal], you know, just because I obviously work with her and I think she tries to be like, cautious with certain medicines, but I think, you know, she want you to feel better and that's why she sent you to that
Patient: People need to get out, get out, you know, get, you know, come on, man. Really? I mean, is that, is that, is that the excuse for, for, you know, the old white man that walks in there too? Come on, man, you know, come on, man. Just bullshit, man. I mean, I'm not talking to you like that. I'm just speaking man just being I
Nurse: Under I understand you feel how you feel and I'm,
Patient: That's bullshit, man. I'm a big boy. I've been I, you know, I have a lot of life experience, man. You know, brother needed some cough syrup for a reason, man. You know, the it's that it's that clear cut and dry, you know, cough syrup for this, you know, anxiety pills for, for a reason, you know, you, you y y'all, y'all act like this is what I do. Uh You know, I've been on, on the these medications for [PHI-Personal] years now, you know, I mean, last time I, like I said I needed anything for anxiety was after back surgery, which I didn't even ask for. He just, he just gave it to me along with the pain meds, right? And any time before that I needed anxiety pills was, you know, when, you know, like years ago when you know, my brother died and you know, I was just like, you know, going crazy, you know, just with work and everything, you know, and that was a lot. And then while we're talking, we're talking like maybe, you know, a, you know, uh, like 16, 8, you know, 17 years ago. So, and the cough syrup last time II I got the cough syrup was from my, my family practice doctor when I got really sick and she, and she prescribed it to me and, and, uh, the one when I had a, a family practice here and because that woman listened to me, that woman cared, you know, that woman, you know, understood me, you know. And so so she wasn't, she didn't look at me and say, oh this, you know, this job, you know, pass judgment or, or think this or think that or, or only, only care about protecting herself, you know, I mean, but that, that was the last time I got cough syrup and that was what like seven years ago, [PHI-Personal]
Nurse: Years ago, you should have all those
Patient: Records, man. Isn't that? I mean, don't you get like the old records from, from, I mean, that's another thing that, that I hate, you know, with, with this, with this pen looks like, you know, you, you know, you, you know, all this bouncing around and you know, where the, where, where's all the documentation, where's the pay the paper trail? So to protect me and help me out when I deal with a new doctor, you know, and so I don't have to go through this shit.
Nurse: No, I, it's, it's here. All your history and everything. I mean, there, there may be stuff that's scan that's like deep in the, in the chart here. Everything's electronic. But if I check, I'm sure it will, it will all be there.
Patient: I'm talking about the last physician that I had.
Nurse: Well, you transferred your records so everything should have been transferred
Patient: Here. So what, what's the problem then? You know, anyway,
Nurse: I wish I could answer. I know. Believe me, I, I understand. Usually when you change
Patient: The problem, I already told you what the problem is, man. You know, I, I told you it's me, it's, you know who I am, how I talk, how I look or my life experiences, you know, that's what it is, man. I don't belong here. I'm not welcomed here, you know, I'm, you know, I'm no II I, you know, it's just that the, you know, it's plain and simple doctor, whoever you know. Yeah. Doesn't matter where I go. It's just a place just I'm not welcomed. You know, people like me don't belong here. You know, that's, that's what it is, man.
Nurse: Feel that way. I mean nothing I'm gonna say is gonna change our mind. So, but, but I know like being a nurse in health care, I don't care what you are, you know what you don't,
Patient: You don't, you don't, you don't get treated like I do by, by, by strangers. That's why, you know, and, and you don't, you don't have the, the things that happen to me don't happen to you. That's why, that's why, you know, there's really nothing you can tell me. You know, it didn't, unless it happens to you and then you can, I, then you can identify or you, you're a witness to it which you, you know, which I can see, you know, you, you're, you're somewhat of a witness to some of it. If you wanna, if you wanna agree to that, you know, you, I mean, obviously, you know, you, you know, you, you, your folks, folks, you know, take care of your folks. So, but anyway.
Nurse: Oh, goodness. Well, I just hope, you know, like, as far as me, like, I, I've been a nurse for a long time and I, I've been around the block so, I mean, I've lived in different areas and, you know, II, I think anyone that's in health care, maybe it's not always for the right reasons. I agree and, and just like any job and there's people that are pre prejudiced, racist, you know, like, no matter what you do. I mean, even if you are white, you know, and you have mental health, there's like a stigma, I mean, it, yeah, believe
Patient: Me, it's, uh, I agree with that. That's another, that's another thing I agree with. Yep, stigmas all that. Yeah. Every you know, because I can identify with that as well, you know, especially the beginning stage, you know what I mean? Strong,
Nurse: Like, like I feel very strongly about that too. I mean, I, I think I've told you, my daughter has a lot of stuff going on and, like, even dealing with their school and teachers and, like, they, people don't realize what, like, anxiety, depression, like they just, oh,
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, look, man, it, it's real, man, you know, I mean, everybody's, you know, I don't know, you know, you know, uh what, you know, maybe she just, for me personally, I could tell you that as a child at the, you know, at, uh, you know, II, I struggled as a child. Uh, you know, I, you know, I mean, the at the age of thir [PHI-Personal], uh you know, I tried to kill myself at [PHI-Personal] years old, you know, so, you know, I was hospitalized at [PHI-Personal] years old, you know, for trying to hurt myself, you know, in the child's unit and uh you know, just to get released and then, you know, try to hurt myself again, two weeks later because I was placed in a group home. And, uh you know, it was like the only Spanish kid there, everybody there was, you know, you know, older and tougher and, you know, I got picked on a lot, you know, I, I just left one abusive home and, you know, just to be placed II I in a place where, you know, I'm, you know, that I got nothing that I needed a as far as the transition. So it's the story of my life young. I, I've been suffering and being, you know, and, and dealing with bullshit since I was a kid, you know, so and mind you, you know, you know, the, you know, the traumas go as far back as [PHI-Personal] years old. So, you know, it just, uh, came to [PHI-Personal] at that [PHI-Personal], you know, I just had enough and, you know what I mean? I, I was just in a very, uh dark place and, you know, I, I didn't see any way out, you know, uh, you know, it's, it's a, it's a feeling I can't iii I felt again as an adult a few times but I, I don't, I don't wanna die today, you know what I mean? And I have tools and, and, and, and, and I have, I have, you know, God and, and, and, and I have all my, you know, I have, I, I, you know, and the one thing I will say as a soldier, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not gonna be self, you know, selfish and, and take myself out regardless if I think I, I think nobody cares and no one loves me and I have no, no one to, you know, to bury me. But, you know, uh, you know, it's still selfish of anyone, you know, to, to do that. So, yeah, man. So, ii, I know that it's real for a child, you know, it's much more intense as if, when, when a child is dealing with depression. Mhm. And anxieties because, you know, at that, that, that, um, you know, at that, oh, you know, that's, uh, at that age, you know, you're not in touch with your feelings as much, you know, yet, you know, you're still growing emotionally and psychologically and,
Nurse: Yeah, that's, it's just, that's, well, we'll talk more about it again, but at least I feel, you know, I, I tell you stuff, you tell me stuff, you know, I just want you to know that I'm, you know, I'm not blind to it. I, I see the way people react to certain things regardless of, you know, what it is. Like I said, mental health race. It's just, you know, but I always try to stick up for people the best I can, you know, and do my best to help. So, hopefully, hopefully you don't think I'm, I'm against you. I'm, I'm here with you and I'm here to help you. So hopefully we'll get things straightened out. I mean, I know that the cough is causing you more anxiety. Like hopefully this will get all worked out and figure out what's going on. And I'm, I'm not saying that allergy pill is gonna help her or anything I can try to get that cough syrup. I mean, if not, I know doctor [PHI-Personal] will be back Monday so I could just check in with this doctor. He, I have mixed signals from him a little. Like, I don't really know for sure. Like I had the one lady come in and she's like, oh, my gosh, I, I, if I was sick again I would never come in to see him. Like, I don't know his bedside man. I don't know him personally. So
Patient: That's terrible. That's terrible. Oh, I mean, you know, it's, that's what happens, you know, when, you know, pe, you know, it's a revolving, do you know, it's, it's not a, you know, it's not his, his, his place, you know, it's not his to call his own. So, you know, of course he's gonna half as it, you know what I mean?
Nurse: Yeah. And I mean, I could see, like I was, I think just even certain things like, trying to get antibiotics, like, you know, say somebody thought they had a sinus infection, like, usually, and I will give doctor that because I feel, I hope she trusts my judgment too and, like, you know, you can't be on an antibiotic, like, every couple of weeks, which some people like to do because they think it's gonna always make them feel better. But like she would just kind of order things for the most part. Um, yeah, speaking about
Patient: Antibiotics. Uh, I, I remember like, when I used to have like a cough or cold or stuff like that, they used to give me like ster steroids for, for, for, you know, for my chest and stuff, man. I, you know, and, and no, I never got, uh, you know, antibiotics too, you know, I never got anything like that. You know what I'm saying? I mean, give me any everything else. I, I, uh, that, that also struck me as strange as well. You know, because every time, man, every time I got sick in [PHI-Geographic] or, you know, my last position, you know, they always gave me like these, these, uh, steroid pills, you know, uh, you know, take like the first day, two of them and then the next day one or some, some, you know, it was like a cycle, a five day cycle or something. Yeah, like
Nurse: The steroid. Yeah. So now, uh, like, that's what I'm saying. It's, it's bad now, like my, my little one was sick. I told you with that cough and they kept saying allergies too and she didn't have any other symptoms. But that's why I was saying the allergy pill finally did work, but it took like a month for them to give her an antibiotic and that, that honestly didn't even help. So if they think it's like a, like a viral or they don't really know why they're, they're very weary, obviously, as you could see to order antibiotics now because like, of the resistance. But if you had, like, if you had like, nasal drainage and, you know, maybe like a headache and thought it was more like sinuses, they would, she would give you an antibiotic, I'm sure. Um, but if, if they do like, a steroid alone that actually lowers your, like, immune system, like, I know it sounds silly. But if you're not on, like, an antibiotic and a steroid together, that, that's what works best together. But if, if they were just to give you a steroid that, that actually could lower your immunity. Ok. So that's why they're like, [PHI-Personal] to give it. Um, and, and when you did have that x-ray, I'm not saying you maybe, like, she'll wanna order another one when she gets back we to see what she thinks. But usually, like, if it showed like, some kind of bronchitis or pneumonia or anything in your lungs, obviously, they would have, like, even at the hospital they would have given you antibiotics and steroids.
Patient: Oh,
Nurse: When you cough, like, and I know it's mostly dry. But do you ever bring up mucus? That's like discolored or anything? Oh, yeah. Yeah, of course,
Patient: I do. Yeah. I mean, I, I have a dry cough and, and, uh, both, both mu, you know, it feels like there's something there but it just doesn't wanna lo, you know, like, leave, you know, that's, that's, you know, and I cough, I'm always spitting, you know, so, uh, you know, some, a lot, it's just when it gets real bad, like, I, I can't, like, it's one cough after another. You know, that's, that's, you know, well, I mean, I, like
Nurse: I said, I could give him an update the doctor that's covering and just say I talk to you and to tell you about the allergy meds and you, you were saying sometimes you do cough and it's like discolored and I mean, mention antibiotics, cough syrup. I don't care, I'll say whatever, right? And, and see what he says. And if not, you know, maybe like I said, I'll check back in with doctor next
Patient: Week. Listen, a man should uh listen, a man should not have to pull teeth and, and, and what would, you know, to, to, to, to get uh you know, uh some type of a quality of life care or ment to, you know, until, until other, until other means and methods are found you uh a, a man should not have to go through, through that in this country with insurance. You know what I'm saying? I do. I, I, this is a miracle man. What I, I mean, what, what did I serve this country for, man? I mean, I can't, you know, I can't go to the va you know, so, you know, well, what the heck man.
Nurse: And honestly, I, I don't think, and I'm just saying by talking to you and I it's not like, I'm a doctor and I haven't checked you but I could hear your cough. I don't, I really don't think an antibiotic would help. I'm just being honest. Um, like
Patient: I said, if it, if you've been, hear me, hear me cough for like, a month, over a month now,
Nurse: I know. And it's more like a dry
Patient: Of everybody.
Nurse: No. And I know. Yeah, without even checking you. Like, I feel like I know you and I hear that cough. So I know, believe me.
Patient: Uh like when I woke up, uh like I woke up this morning, I tried to sleep on my, my CPAP machine last with, you know, with the mask, I got a couple hours sleep. I, I, and with it and then I woke up with it and I just, I, I don't know what it was last. I just, I had to take it off. I don't know what I, I can't remember because I was half awake, half asleep. So I took it off, you know, and then fell asleep again. But then when I woke up, yes. Um You know, this morning, uh you know, I mind you because I, when I did wake up uh to take the bath, it was hot. So I turned on the ac so then I, I woke up and turn the AC off. Uh mind you, I only got like [PHI-Personal] hours of sleep, you know, I woke up, uh you know, like 99 45 or something like that. Jeez. And, uh, yeah, so I'm still tired and my throat, you know, I feel like, uh, you know, I feel like, like all this, like, like, like congestion, you know, in my throat and chest from, you know, from, I don't know, from what, you know, I, I guess from the, the lack of sleep too, you know, and I don't know, the cold air maybe because of ac, being left on. But, yeah, I
Nurse: Mean, I know, I have, like, terrible,
Patient: I had to hit the nebulizers, you know, first thing in the morning, you know, which, uh, you know, because to try to, you know, uh, just in case, you know, I don't wanna feel like that, that feeling all, all day that it's already bad enough I gotta cough.
Nurse: I, yeah, I think with that, like the dry, like the dry air and stuff and especially if you have a fan and the air conditioning running, I think you, and then you have the CPAP on top of it. So I'm sure all that's all dried out and,
Patient: Well, the CPAP, you know, if I have them when I have the CPAP machine and, and they, you know, I'm not breathing any of that cold air and because I'm breathing, you know, whatever the air that's being sucked into the machine and, you know, and, and, uh, and the humidity in that, you know, that's supposed to kick you know, the setting and that I have it on the humidity, you know, I think it's on six or seven, you know.
Nurse: Yeah. I mean, that should work but then you take, but then you take it off. Right.
Patient: I mean, I, I couldn't tell you, you know, like I said, I was, I was like, half a week, like I had to go to the bathroom or something like that and, like, I don't know, man, you know,
Nurse: I feel like that would, I, I mean, I can imagine. I, I've never had a sleep with that. So maybe one day I will. Who knows? Because I do snore, maybe one day I'll have to wear it. So I can't imagine like, I'm sure you do feel like claustrophobic or, you know, with that on you. So, yeah, I do.
Patient: I try to use it, you know, I try to use it a couple of times, you know, I haven't used it in a couple of days, you know, besides last night for like an hour, I don't know, have to check how long I used it for, but like if I take uh you know, a power nap, you know, you know, let's say I take uh eventually I'll probably end up taking a nap today. I'm not doing anything today. I'm not going for today. I'm just resting, you know, because I've been walking every day now, you know. Yeah.
Nurse: No, you gotta take some breaks. You don't have to do it every day. I have to.
Patient: I, I, I'm o, I'm overweight, you know, I have to. And on top of that it does help, it does help out, uh, you know, my, my, my, my anxiety and, and my, my, my, my, my lungs, my cough, you know, you know, having some fresh air and, and walking in the heat and sweating and it feels good, you know, it, it hurts but it feels good, you know, it's a good pain, you know. But, uh, anyway, oh, my gosh. Well,
Nurse: Hopefully, yeah, hopefully something's gotta give but the, so the Claritin will be there for you to pick up. I don't know, I don't know about the copay or anything. I mean, you could always check with the pharmacy. I know you said. Yeah. Yeah, I
Patient: Don't, I, I mean, I could call, uh, I mean, worst case scenario, I'll just pick it up tomorrow, you know, to up tomorrow's pay day. So, yeah,
Nurse: And just see, I mean, like, obviously you could get like a generic, you could get a generic Claritin maybe even cheaper, like, depending on the cost. But, I mean, at least it's, you know, at least they ordered it. At least that's one thing he did. Do you want me to give him an update and then see, you know, about the cost syrup? And, yeah,
Patient: I'm asking you please, you know, I, I, you know, I shouldn't have to ask again, you know that, you know. No, my goodness. No, I,
Nurse: I am. I just wanted to check with Yeah, I'm gonna give him an update and
Patient: Yeah, because even if I, if, if he does say yes, you know what uh that's what a guy that mother fucker better say yes. Um
Nurse: He might, he might say for you to come in because that's what he did the other day. I'm just saying
Patient: Uh well, you need to explain to him that I've been, you know. Yeah, you need to talk to him. Yeah, I'm not trying to come in, you know, and you know, for something that I don't need to come in for, you know, anyway.
Nurse: Well, I, yeah, so I'm gonna try, I'll see what he says. I'll give you a call back later, let you know um worst case scenario and I, I'm just like anticipating because I know it's been a little difficult to get things but doctor will be back Monday and then, you know, tomorrow next week will be a fresh week, but at least you'll have that Claritin try that, you know, keep doing everything else you're doing and I'll check back in with you, go get some rest, ok? And I'll check back in later.
Patient: I'll try.
Nurse: Oh, and I'll probably, well, just put your ringer up in case I do call. Ok? [PHI-Personal]? That. All right, honey. Well, I'm gonna check in with the doctor and I'll give you a call back and give you a message and let you know what you know what he decides
Patient: You that. Thank you.
Nurse: Alright get some rest I'll talk to you soon. Thank you
Patient: For being so kind. Uh
Nurse: Oh no problem I'll talk to you in a bit. Ok? Oh.
