Nurse: Clinic. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. It's sorry, I missed your call. I was on the phone with the phone company because they sent me the wrong phone. So I dropped that. This is my fourth cell phone in, like, [PHI-Personal] years. Yeah. You know, from, you know, from not feeling too good with my hands and then shaky. I, you know, I drop, I drop it either in my drink because I have a great big glass here. That's heavy. So I don't drop that all over. But I did, my daughter got me the Miralax and I took some of that last night and I did go this morning. Thank God. Mhm. So, I, I think it's that food. It could be,
Nurse: It could be.
Patient: I don't know, because I never had a problem all these years. You know, I never had a problem with that. And that's, you know, I know that's a common problem to have when you're on, you know, on, you know, the pain medicine and stuff. Yeah. Um, but I, I never, I never had a problem. Not once. And that's why it, it just, you know, to me for a loop. No,
Nurse: So, and you said you had a bowel movement this morning?
Patient: Yeah. So, ok. So, hopefully, thing I, I, the only thing is that's the food that delivers. So I'll just have to get, get the, I was, uh, you know, my, my daughter brings over or the meals from, uh, Walmart to supplement when she's not home, you know. Mhm. Mhm. I don't know. Ok. I'm trying, but I feel a lot better today good. And it does say if you, if I got my big magnifying glass out with my light on it to read the back of those food packages and it does say this food does contain bio engineered man made food or something. Yeah. And
Nurse: So like the difference, right? So the, the difference between like bioengineered and, and such, um, there's added chemicals that they use.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. All that stuff that's, you know,
Nurse: And unfortunately it's a lot cheaper because it can be manufactured and grow in mass production. Yeah, exactly.
Patient: So, and my daughter is very, very, very health conscious. I mean, there's no sugar in the house. She has special salt. I mean, everything is and she's really up on everything. Nutrition, you know, and she makes like rice out of, um, cauliflower. Yeah. Yeah. And you can't tell the difference and I hate cauliflower but I eat, and I love that rice. So I must love cauliflower. As long as it looks like rice. I don't know.
Nurse: Right. As long as it looks something else. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah. But I don't have my heating pad on right now cause I might, I didn't sleep too good last night and I'm in a lot of pain, but I worked a lot of muscles out this morning and right now I'm not too bad. So, ah, I'm just trying to do the best I can and see if I'm just, uh, if I can. Uh, yeah, I just
Nurse: Wanted to check in and how you're doing and, yeah, I know
Patient: It for somebody to come in maybe two or [PHI-Personal] times a week to take some pressure off my daughter because she, you know, she has, she has so much, you know, on her plate, you know, with the kids, you know, my grandson will be [PHI-Personal] and my granddaughter just turned [PHI-Personal]. Mhm. And they're involved in everything. So, she's like she comes home from work and in the door eat and they're off to, you know, practice or a game. And, uh, now one of them joined the traveling something where they go all over the place. And, uh, she, she's like she doesn't, you know, and then she, well, will come in here, you know, every day and do, you know, for me, but still, you know, I feel bad and, you know, it's extra time that she doesn't have. So if I can get somebody to come in a couple days a week and help me a little bit. Then it'll take some pressure off of her and, and hopefully I can stay in my house for a little longer, you know. Mhm.
Nurse: Mm. Ok. Well, I will check in with you probably next week or maybe the following week and then we'll get, you know, all of your medications figured out and ready for your appointment. Um, keep an eye on your bowel movements. You could always, you know, do a probiotic if needed. Ok.
Patient: Yeah, I never tried them. I don't think, I don't think my daughter gave me a bottle of something. Ok. And that might be what that is I think because she's like I said, she's up on all that stuff and with the nutrition, ok. But even the, even the dog food, I cha I changed dog food and, and my dog was had diarrhea for two days, two days, you know, and it's like all this stuff. So you have to order like no, no grains or wheat or something or, you know, I don't know, you have to be so careful what you eat. Definitely.
Nurse: Yeah, especially with dogs and cats, you know, because they, they're very sensitive when you change their foods.
Patient: Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. Alright.
Patient: So I will let you go. Thank you very much for that suggestion and that worked very well. Thank you. I appreciate it. Yeah, because I don't want any more problems. I got enough. Ok. Thanks. You have a good day and you too. Ok. Bye bye. Bye bye.
