Nurse: Hi, is this [PHI-Personal]? This, hey, I was just calling you. Hey, I wanted to reach you. Um sorry message and I pause this real quick. Um, yeah, I wanted to reach you because I know we had talked about getting you in for a same day appointment and her appointments are filling up fast. So, um the only one that I saw that she had open was for Tuesday at 2 30. So I put you in there. I don't know if that's gonna work for you though. I can still cancel it at 2 30. Yeah, it's on, it's tomorrow though. Tuesday the ninth is the only thing she has open. Um, so I just put you in if that's ok. Ok. Is that all right? I mean she has openings, you know, with her other providers like the um, nurse practitioner or the P A, but that was her only opening. So, um, if you want to see one of them today, they're open.
Patient: No, that um, tomorrow is
Nurse: Fine. Ok. So that's gonna be it tomorrow at 2 30 at the [PHI-Geographic]. Ok. Ok. And how is it doing? Is it still looking about the same
Patient: From, yeah, still the same. I've been in a lot of pain. I've been taking my BP and my BP has been elevated.
Nurse: Really? Let me take a look at it. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah. My kids just keep saying, go out to the emergency room, I'll go. But, but it, you spend so much time out there. I said, and then urgent care tell you there's nothing they can do for you. You have to go to the emergency room.
Nurse: Got you. Let me see your BP was ok. Yeah, this weekend I was in the one forties and, and uh looks like the eight, it was so today this morning it was 1 30/89. Ok. Yeah, I mean how, so you mean just they're saying that because of the pain, the level of pain that you're in. Um
Patient: They're saying because they x rayed it and they don't see any broken bones or anything.
Nurse: So, no, I mean, your, your kids were they saying that because you're in
Patient: Because I'm swollen, it's swollen and like I say, if I not, so I don't know what's going on there.
Nurse: Ok, dear. Well, again, I mean, if you want, I mean, like I said, if you wanna come in sooner, I do have those other openings. Um So you know, you let me know, I mean, you know, if, if a lot of times I tell patients, if it's unbearable plus, you know, the other thing is I'm just a little bit worried about infection. So, um, you know, if it, if it keeps presenting in that way or you notice that the swelling is spreading, like, spreading up the arm, like further up the arm, like towards the heart, then I would say definitely don't wait and just go into the, er, cause I don't want you to have a systemic reaction where all of a sudden it's affecting your, your vital organs, you know what I mean? So, um, it's just something to be mindful of, you know. Ok. Ok. I just wanna, I, you know, I, I like patients to be informed, you know, of course it's up to you your decision but you know that that's, you know, as a nurse, I just want you to be on the, you know, on the, uh, on the offensive for something like that and I don't wanna play around with that, you know what I mean? Ok. Ok. So I do have you on for tomorrow at 2 30. Ok. Ok.
Patient: Thank you.
Nurse: Absolutely. Bye dear. Thank you. Bye.
