Nurse: Good morning. This is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you?
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal]. How are you doing?
Nurse: Good. How are you?
Patient: I hurt like hell.
Nurse: Uh, oh, tell me what's going on my
Patient: Sciatic again. I called the office this morning and they told me that doctor [PHI-Personal] didn't have any appointments all week and no other doctor had any appointments until Wednesday. And then when I asked, when on Wednesday, she came back and she said, oh, no, he doesn't even, nobody has any appointments even until then. Oh, now I haven't, the girl wasn't nice to be very honest. Uh, but anyway, that's beside the point I have an appointment with my, uh, ok. I just went blank my Wednesday hon neurologist on Wednesday. So I'm just gonna talk to him about it, but I'm in a lot of pain. Can you give me some suggestions of what I can do until Wednesday?
Nurse: Yes. So let me ask first, what are you doing to start with any oral medication? Any topical medication?
Patient: Ok. I'm doing my Tylenol. We got some medic, some, uh, cream that actually says it is for sciatic and it does seem to be helping. Now, when I'm up walking around we're in the car. Now. We're on the way to pick up some prescriptions. When I'm walking around. It doesn't seem to be as bad. I, if I get into a certain position and I don't move, it's not bad, but there's times it's on my and I'm, I taking up too much of your time, first of all. Oh,
Nurse: No. And that's the beauty of this job role. You can take up as much as time as you need to keep that.
Patient: It's, it's on my right hip. It crosses over to my knee and it's going down the front of my leg, down to my ankle and it feels like when you get a [PHI-Personal] horse how that feels. But it's staying. Mm. Now, right now, at this particular moment, I'm not in any pain at all, but I've gotten probably, what would you say, honey? Five hours of sleep since Saturday?
Nurse: Oh. And that really wears on you to say the least. Yeah. All right. So with the Tylenol, the bottle is going to say no more than 4000 mg in a 24 hour period. Doctor normally likes for patients to stay under 3000. But that way, you know, if you're really, really hurting and you need an extra dose of Tylenol, no more than 4000, try to keep it under 3000. But that's where if you're like, oh, can I take another dose or not. I really need it. I'm about to cry. The answer is just, don't exceed more than 4000. Again, it's normally 3000. But your liver really can handle 4000. So no more than 4000 mg in a 24 hour period. So, are you taking 1 500 mg tablet at a time or two? Two? Good, excellent, beautiful. So that way, you know, you can do preferably no more than three rounds of Tylenol a day. But if you're really pushed, you can do the fourth. Ok. All right. And then your topical, what is your topical called? I
Patient: Know you're gonna ask me and I have no idea. Uh
Nurse: Is it the Voltaren gel also known as?
Patient: No, it is not. That is something she got uh off of the uh, [PHI-Personal]. It's in a white bottle with green lettering and I know that, but I don't know what the name of it is, but it, it does work. It does seem to help a
Nurse: Lot good. So then the answer is use that, but read the recommendation. So you know how much you're allowed to use. Sometimes they'll tell you no more than a certain volume in a 24 hour period. Like the Voltaren Gels will give you a dose card. So read the packaging on the topical. So, you know, you're not exceeding that much and get an idea what the topical is. Meaning is the topical lidocaine numbing product or is it more of like the Voltarens that is an actual topical, non steroidal. So, have you ever tried the other gels or is this the very first topical you've tried? Well, we
Patient: Had, had the Voltaren for the arthritis, if I'm saying that right, we had had that for the arthritis and now it's the
Nurse: Physical, you're talking. Yes. Ok.
Patient: Now, if I'm gonna, I may not be saying this correctly, but, you know me well enough, I think this has, is it,
Nurse: It could. Yes, I
Patient: Have some of the
Nurse: CBD oils in it. Yes,
Patient: This has that
Nurse: In it. Good. So know how much you're allowed to use per the packaging and know what it is. So when you go to your neurology appointment, you might just wanna throw the uh bottle bag, whatever it is, bottle in your hand bag to bring with you to the neurology office. So when they ask you what you're taking, they're not going through the same thing. What is it? Is it a numbing agent? Is it an anti inflammatory? What is it? Great. So if it is like a hemp CBD product, if it's working great, keep using it again, know what the bottle says. So some people will only do oral and not do topical. Be aware, you can do both of them at the same time. So if you're afraid to use your Cream and Tylenol at the same time, don't be, they're different drugs being metabolized differently, that's handling the pain from different angles.
Patient: Well, you had told me that before. So I am doing both.
Nurse: Good. Excellent. I listen to you. Oh, good. And also not only you listen, but when you try it, if it's working, you're knowing what's working and what's not working. So moving forward, you've got better ideas yourself when you're sleeping. Are you using p pillows to your advantage for positioning? Yes. Good. So, you know that if you're on your side pillow between the knees, which will good, give you the low back support and hopefully minimize the symptoms. When you're on your back, you have it behind your thighs. So your knees are a little bent and you don't have all the tension on your low back then. Right? Good. How is? And it sounds very simple. But how is a hot shower working for you?
Patient: Yeah. Tolerable.
Nurse: Ok. So a hot shower is great relief, but you can't stay in the hot shower all day. So, are you doing any topical heat?
Patient: No, I'm not at this point. So
Nurse: You might wanna think of topical heat. You just never wanna put topical heat over top of any topical medications creams. Exactly. Or it will, might precipitate the absorption of it or give you a chemical burn. So,
Patient: Nothing directly on the
Nurse: Skin. Exactly. So, don't do the heat on top of your cream gel. Do it before or? Well, well, well, after, so if you do it before you do the heat for no more than 20 minutes. Because after 20 minutes it can run the risk of burning you itself or just is no longer effective. Your nerves and skin needs a little break so you can do your heat, let the area cool down for a little bit. Put your topical on and then before you go to reapply your topical later, you can again, repeat the heat, uh, the heat you can always do again as long as you're giving yourself the break in between 20 minute episodes. And again, as long as it's not on top of the cream, if you're worried that the cream is still there, you wash it off like, meaning hours later, uh, with you doing the creams, be careful. You don't get them in your eyes. It sounds very basic, but you won't believe the amount of people that are in so much pain. They're not thinking clearly to wash their hands. Next thing, you know, they wonder why their eyes bright red or burning.
Patient: Oh, believe me. I do understand that. Yes.
Nurse: Good. Now, if that cream becomes ineffective, then that's where you wanna know what's in it. So, the, so if you do, uh, try any other topicals, it's a different type of medicine. Does that make sense?
Patient: Definitely. Yes.
Nurse: Good. Because what you have is different than, uh, topical ac hot with lidocaine, which is different than the Voltaren gel, which is slightly different than a plain old Bengay. They all are a little different and there's nothing diff, nothing wrong with doing two different creams again. Not at the same time, hours in between. And they're well was washed off in between. So, if you find that your cream no longer works for you, that's when you'd wanna switch it. If it's working for, you keep using it again. No more than what the bottle says. Now, where are you with the oral dien sodium? The 50 mg tablet that you can take twice a day.
Patient: They were making me a little sick to my stomach. So I had to like change. I was taking them in the morning. So I'm like taking them at lunch time now. So it doesn't seem to be quite as bad.
Nurse: Good. They're notoriously rough on the stomach. So making sure it's with food. But you are aware you can take a 50 mg tablet up to twice a day. Right? Good. So you've got your Dion twice a day. You've got your Tylenol three times a day. If you had to push it to your fourth, we talked about it and when I go back to saying, pushing your Tylenol to the fourth dose, that's where the office really likes you not to exceed more than the 3000. But if you really, really need it, you can go to the 4000. Just not forever.
Patient: That's nice to know that I can though. If I
Nurse: Need to. Yes. And that's so nice to know. Especially when it's like one o'clock in the morning. And you're just like, do I reach for the bottle or don't I? All right now, um, opioids are a stronger class of drugs. Opioids have their negatives like addiction, habit forming. Uh, sleepy side effects can be rough on the stomach, can cause constipation. Have you ever had opioids? Do you need to
Patient: Take nothing? Yeah. Years ago. But I haven't recently like after surgeries and stuff?
Nurse: Ok. So do you think you need to go either there or for a muscle relaxer? Like is there something that you wish I was um saying to message the doctor and request like, have you ever, did you need some opioids? Did you need some muscle relaxers? I would
Patient: Like something. Yes.
Nurse: Ok. So what did you have in the past as far as opioids? Do you remember? Was it oxyCODONE?
Patient: Mm. Yes. I think in fact it was
Nurse: Ok. And do you care whether they try oxyCODONE and opioid or a muscle relaxer? Like, do you have any preference? Which one would help you more now?
Patient: No, because I don't accept to go for doctor appointments. It's not like I have to be anywhere or, you know, I have any schedule since I'm retired.
Nurse: Ok. I like that answer. So, opioids are stronger pain medicine and it has the side effects. The muscle relaxers also have their side effects, but they're targeting more of helping your pain relief with muscle relaxing. So right now, you don't care either way, you're just ready to try the next step of adding something oral, that is possible to give you some relief and hopefully some sleep tonight. Most definitely. Ok. And have you ever tried a muscle relaxer in the past
Patient: Again, years ago? But we're probably talking 20 years
Nurse: Ago. Ok. But that way I know that there isn't anything ringing out in your head about a particular drug that's bad for you. No. Ok. And physical therapy is another thought. So that way when you go to neurology on Wednesday, you can let them know what you're doing orally and we're hopefully gonna add to that after I message over to the [PHI-Personal] office. So be prepared when you see Wednesday, your neurologist to let him know what you're doing orally topically again, throw that topical in your bag if you need to or take a picture of the label, front and back, whatever is better for you. We are talking about also physical therapy. So I don't know if neurology is going to order that or I think it's a good idea. If not, that is something primaries always think about because physical therapy is helping you manage pain. But yet keep [PHI-Personal] and physical therapy helps try to retrain the brain signal. So you're not as uh sensitive to the pain. So, are you interested in physical therapy at all? At this point in time.
Patient: Not at this time. Now, what I have been trying to do is a lot of the exercises that they were giving me when I was having my problems with my knee.
Nurse: Good. Now, are they hurting you to do the exercises? Uh, a little
Patient: Bit. But, um, when I, when it gets too much pain I stop
Nurse: Good because you don't wanna push through pain too much because you have not been physically examined. So when you go to neurology, let them know what exercises you're doing. So that way they can say, oh, good or uh, no, we actually recommend this better because you're, you're have had therapy for your knee in the past, not specifically for your back or sciatic, correct? So, be prepared on Wednesday since neurology would be the first provider that's physically examining. You also be prepared to say I'm doing my knee, physical therapy exercises. What do you think of that? And see if they have any compli any exercises to complement that, any back type of stretching exercises? Ok. And, uh, let's see here. It sounds simple. But are you balancing rest and activity? You're not overdoing it? Like you're not trying to like you're not gardening, you're not. So I better vacuum, you're good. Just making sure common sense because some people, um, have things they have to do, like you said, you're retired. So you're not worried about being taking medicines that might make you sleepy, but at the same time you're retired. So you're not being pushed to run out the door and do activity that you can't handle right now. So good,
Patient: Doing almost everything that that needs to be done.
Nurse: Excellent is stepping up to the plate. I love it. So, continue to balance uh ex uh balance, uh rest and activity. Are you taking safety precautions? Meaning hydrated? So you don't get dizzy and ask for a fall while you're not at your best?
Patient: Most definitely. Oh, yeah, I have something beside my chair all the time and I have something beside the bed when I do lay down.
Nurse: Good, good footwear. So you're not walking in slippery socks and do a, you know, out and injure yourself further
Patient: Sneakers when we do go out. And the slippers that I have around the house have, uh, almost like the same type of a sole as a sneaker.
Nurse: Does beautiful always in the habit of holding onto the railing when you're on stairs. Yeah. Well, we
Patient: Have none at, at home at all and I have a cane when I go out and I use a shopping cart in the
Nurse: Store. Good. I always forget you don't have stairs. I say that all the time. Sorry. Uh, good lighting. You're not walking in the dark, asking for problems. Excellent. Ok. So you're doing everything right as far as orals, topicals, positioning with pillows, balancing, rest and activity. Not into the idea of physical therapy formally. Right now you're doing the exercises that, you know, and you're going to bring it up at the neurology appointment since that'll be the first provider to lay eyes on you. About any comment about my exercises, doctor, um, like anything specific for the back you'd like to recommend and let him know you're doing the knee exercises that you've been trained in. And then let's see here your regular medicines, you're keeping up on all of those. Oh, yes. Good. And that's important because you don't want, let other things start to be an issue and add to it. All right. Are you aware that if so sciatic is due to something, putting pressure on a nerve? Yes. But we don't know what is putting pressure on the nerve. Correct. No idea. So that could be a herniated disc. That could be spinal stenosis where wear and tear arthritis over the years, your spinal canal bone encroaches on the nerves and it's not a disc pushing, it's bone pushing could be a bone spur could be a little piece of broken off bone. So when you go to the neurologist and your question also is doctor, this is my sciatic and I know that because my pain goes from my back through my hip down my leg, but I don't know what's causing my sciatic. So he might order AC A T scan to work you up to see what is the cause of the sciatic to help further, give you a treatment plan and then if you're not interested in something like continuing as you are or therapy, that's where ask. The neurologist is a e si epidural steroid injection at all. Appropriate. Do you know what I'm talking about? [PHI-Personal]? No. So, are you aware that, like, if people have really bad knees, they might get their knees injected? Oh,
Patient: Ok. Yes. Ok. Yes. Ok. I know what you're talking about
Nurse: Now. Yes, they do the same thing for the back. But the back inject.
Patient: Ok. I've had them in my
Nurse: Knees. Yes. Ok. Good. So they'll do the same thing for the back. But it's called an E si epidural because it's going to the epidural space of your spine. E si epidural steroid injection. So that's another question. It's not gonna help you right now, but Wednesday is 48 hours away. So when you're in with the neurologist, talk about, would an injection to my back? An E si epidural steroid injection benefit me at all. And do you need to jot that down on a piece of paper while we're talking right now? I already am great. So, e si epidural steroid injection. So, does he need to do any type of a CT scan or an MRI to see what is causing the sciatic pain? Or does he kind of have an idea? And would an E si epidural steroid injection a shot to your back help? Because that give you the pain relieving type of numbing medicine that kicks in normally in a few hours to start to give you relief and then just like the knees, it's also a steroid to calm down whatever is inflamed, putting pressure on that nerve giving you the sciatic pain. So yeah, definitely wanna bring up is an injection appropriate when you're in seeing the neurologist and then be aware [PHI-Personal], if you ever have bowel or bladder involvement, you need urgent medical attention. So right now, are your bowel and bladder functioning like normal? Oh, yeah, they're fine. Good. If all of a sudden you say I just pooped my pants and that's not your normal. Is it [PHI-Personal]? No, that would mean something has changed for the worse with the pressure on that nerve and now the nerves that control your bowel and or bladder are involved and that needs medical attention that day. You wanna be picking up the phone and telling your provider. So if you start with, how's your bladder control normally?
Patient: Like, how much do I
Nurse: Go? You mean like, like do you have to wear a pad in your panties or you have good control of your bladder and you can get to the bathroom without wetting yourself. Normally
Patient: I wear something just for protection.
Nurse: Yes. Good. And that's normal as women as we get older, kind of need to do our little bladder training, Kegel exercises and all of us have a little leakage with coughing, sneezing, laughing as we get older. That's a different topic. But if all of a sudden you're downright like, oh my gosh, like I am wet. What happened here. So if all of a sudden you have change in control of your bowel or bladder that needs urgent medical attention. If you, are you having falls?
Patient: I fell once. That was before Christmas, wasn't it? I fell once before Christmas, but that was my own stupidity. I stepped wrong and
Nurse: I fell. Ok. So if you're starting to have balance issues and falling because of your current sciatic, that also means you need more urgent attention. Uh So the big part of the takeaway is if bowel or bladder is a problem, make sure you're calling either doctor FF or the neurologist that day to make it clear because the longer there's pressure on a nerve, the longer it takes to get better and the less success of full recovery. So you're going to the neurologist, that'll be the first doctor that lays eyes on you since the [PHI-Personal] office seems to be full. I am going to re ask if they can't really get you in the office sooner to make sure that was really the right answer when they told you that on the phone, I'm assuming that's accurate, but it won't hurt me re clarifying and re asking in the meantime, you know how much Tylenol you can take no more than 4000 in 24 hours, they really prefer 3000. But if you're about to cry, take the fourth dose of the day, continue to take the dicen, but you're taking it with food, one tablet of 50 mg up to twice a day. We're going to message doctor wo I am. As soon as we're done talking to see if any prescribed opioids or muscle relaxers would be appropriate to help you with pain management until you either are seen by doctor or until neurology makes any recommendations. Continue your topical, read your topicals. So, you know, really what's in it and use it to the max appropriately, try heat, you know, you like to shower but get out the heating pad. Like we mentioned never more than 20 minutes at a time. Never over top of the topicals. And we talked about monitoring yourself, balancing rest and activity, continue pillow placement. If bowel or bladder get involved, you do need more urgent medical attention by making a call that day, you don't need permanent nerve injury and you're not interested in therapy right now. We talked about e si epidural steroid injection. If um neurology says that's a great idea, they probably are not gonna be the person that injects it. They're probably going to give you a pain management referral. So right off the bat, do you just want me to ask for a pain management referral today? From doctor to get that ball rolling?
Patient: No, we'll wait and see what he says.
Nurse: Ok, so be aware, I doubt neurology is going to say, oh, I've got my syringe right here. Let me inject you. Neurology probably wouldn't inject. They would probably refer you to a pain management doctor that does the e si injecting themselves as you can imagine. Just like with the knee, you don't wanna feel like a pin cushion, you want a skilled hand to get that needle right where it belongs. Right. Are you having foot drop? Meaning are you still able to point your toes up and down like normal? Oh, yeah. If you can't, that's another like bowel bladder involvement. If all of a sudden you're tripping over your foot. If all of a sudden you can't point your toes or your big toe up like normal. Oh, there's definitely pressure on a nerve that needs more attention. So I'm adding to if there's a bowel bladder issue or new onset problem, lifting your feet up off the floor, like ankle pumping back and forth, even getting that big toe up. If all of a sudden there's weakness there, that means more pressure on nerve. Need more urgent medical attention. All right. Um, ice. I heat sounds like it's probably more comforting. Does ice ever help you?
Patient: I haven't tried that
Nurse: Yet. If you're not sure, try ice, you can alternate heat and ice. Same thing with heat though. Don't do it more than 20 minutes. And normally heating pads have a nice co cover of fabric. So the heat is not directly on your skin. Same thing with the ice, make sure that if you're grabbing your frozen peas out of the freezer or a hard ice pack, slip it in a pillow case or grab a thin dishcloth, a little barrier. So the ice is indirectly on your skin and no more than 20 minutes. So some people like both and they alternate. Some people are like, you're kidding me? You can't touch me with ice. I only like my heat. So experiment see which one you like um far fetched out there, there's tens units where they, you get like a little electronic device that looks like a walkman. You put stickers uh on your back and it's like little zapping, electronic zapping that gives you um stimulates your nerves and that's a form of pain relief. So that's another thing you can ask the neurologist about is a tens unit at all appropriate for your needs or other measures to exhaust first. So, you know what I mean? By tens unit. Yes, I have seen them and I've seen them. Like, if you can like research it, you can ask the neurologist about them. And like for instance, if the [PHI-Personal] of office orders it, we order it through a company and have it shipped to you. If you're just going to Google and order one on your own. If neurology says it's good, you can on your own, but also we can get them ordered for you. So put on your discussion list with neurology, E si and tens units. See if any of those are appropriate for your needs. All right. What have we not talked about? Uh I think we've covered a lot.
Patient: I was going to say, I think we've covered just about everything
Nurse: And then um, massage. Um, what do they call when they put the little needles in people? Um, you know, the acupuncture, they're also more um, like if you're like, ok, everything else is not really working, then we can talk about. Are you a chiropractor person? Are you a physical therapy person or, you know, and get into those niches? Uh, but I think we'll stop there. I'll message the doctor and make sure we really can't get you into the office and see if they're willing to add any opioids or muscle relaxers to your Tylenol and your NSAID. Your Dione sodium is an NSAID. Do you know not to be doing over the counter Ibuprofen while you're taking the prescribed? Good. Yeah. Ok. I talked fast. Did I lose you anywhere along the way?
Patient: Nope, not at all. I'm used to you, honey.
Nurse: Good. Was this helpful at all?
Patient: Oh, yes. Very much so good. And I'm sorry, I had to bother you, but I appreciate you taking the time for me. Oh, [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Not a bother. This is why I'm here. I have all day for you if you need it. So I appreciate it. Oh, absolutely. Let me send a message, like I said, make sure we can't get you into the office. See if there's any oral medicine, the doctor is willing to prescribe in addition to what you're already taking and I'll be giving you a call back.
Patient: Ok. If I don't answer, we have to run in the store and pick up some things and uh, prescriptions and if I don't answer right away, I don't always hear the phone when I'm in the store. I will call you back.
Nurse: Good. And remember your safety is the priority. So that's what voice mails and answering machines are for. Don't go on the phone.
Patient: Ok. Thanks a lot hon for talking to me.
Nurse: You're welcome. Goodbye for now. Ok. Bye bye, honey. Bye. Thank you.
