Nurse: Care management. This is [PHI-Personal]. Can I help you?
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. It's, how are you? Well, today I'm not, I, I should say, uh, late last night I, I wasn't feeling too well. Um, I, for some reason yesterday, the, the Xanax that I take it didn't work very well. Uh, I don't know if it's the brand or what. I've had some problems with the brand but, um, I had to take it a little bit earlier than usual, so, I don't know, I don't know how to describe it. Well, I about, I'd say 10, 11 o'clock in that area. I, I felt not only anxious but I got really well, uh, I had to use the bathroom really badly and it was very loose and, and everything
Nurse: Was this in the morning or at night,
Patient: At night last night. And, uh, when, when I went to get up, um, I felt very woozy so they would help me to get back into my bathroom and stuff and everything and, um, you know, uh, I, I don't, I just, I just thought I would call and see if you had any thoughts as to what might do something like that.
Nurse: Yeah. Well, I think I would need a little more information. [PHI-Personal] as far as, um, you know, like, did you have any shortness of breath, any chest pain?
Patient: No. No, I don't feel anything like that. Did you
Nurse: Feel like you were having like an anxiety or like a panic attack?
Patient: Well, what happened earlier in the day? Um, and I, I'm not sure just why but, um, I have to stop and think, II, I took my normal dose of, of what I usually take, you know, but I don't know. So around one o'clock in the afternoon for some reason I just started to hand it, you know, you know, the feeling you get with anxiety. I don't know if you're doing that. But, um, and I couldn't figure it out because, you know, I've taken my, my medication and everything and so, um, what I did we were going to my son's house for dinner last night. Mhm. So, I took it a little bit earlier because I didn't want to be, you know, feeling the way I felt. So,
Nurse: Was that like the second dose
Patient: Yesterday? Yeah, you're talking about? Yeah. Yeah, I take, I take two in the morning and 12 in the morning around, I wanna say 10 30 11 and then I take one at one in the evening, about 7 30 on average and yesterday. Mhm. Yeah. Um, but the way he has me taking it in the morning, I take two at night I take or in the evening I take one. So that's what he's usually prescribed at any rate. That's what I, so that's was the only, that was the difference. Um I, I was feeling very, even though I had taken my morning dose, I was having a lot, a lot of anxiety for and I don't even know why cause nothing was upsetting me or bothering me or anything else. I just felt very anxious. So like I said, because I didn't wanna ruin going down to see my grandkids and dinner. I took the second pill a little bit earlier and then we had dinner and we came home and we, they would watch TV. I was doing some reading and then it was only got up to go to bed about 11 o'clock when I went. Um I do remember that I have some pain and I just do what, I didn't have any pain or anything. I just want to get up and your stomach was hurting it pretty badly. Oh OK. Or your intestines or whatever. Yeah. Well, I felt like I had to use the bathroom very urgently, I guess you would say. And when I went to get up I was dizzy a little bit. Uh So. Mhm.
Nurse: Are you getting enough to [PHI-Personal] as far as water?
Patient: Well, I think so. I, I have these huge bottles. Um We got one right here. Um I it's it's 44 fluid ounces and I usually [PHI-Personal] about half to three quarters of those just along with the water besides, like tea and coffee and stuff like that every day.
Nurse: Ok. So as long as you're getting at least 88 ounce glasses of water a day, so that's 64 ounces. Ok. Don't count to your coffee if it's caffeinated because that does the opposite. It will dehydrate you. What did you eat last night?
Patient: Well, um, I had, uh, a hot dog, uh, a, a larger, a little larger Hoffman hot dog. And, uh, what else did she, uh, and some, uh, Campbell's. No, Campbell's beans. Um, and, uh, she had potato chips and that was it. And I didn't eat much of it because I've been trying to lose weight. Yeah.
Nurse: Any alcohol last night.
Patient: No. Ok.
Nurse: Ok. So, how are you feeling this morning?
Patient: Well, II, I don't, you know, um, I've used the bathroom which, and it was much more normal. It wasn't diarrhea like, uh, this morning so much. Um, it was more normal and, uh, I just feel washed out. I guess. She's funny. Yeah, I took my temperature and I don't have a temperature or anything
Nurse: Good. Um, you know, if you could have had a bad day. Um, I know sometimes it's, you know, you, you kind of think, well, what, what could be triggering that. Um, honestly, sometimes it's nothing. Sometimes it just happens. Um, and people do you know, it's, it's like your body is all revved up that whole time. And then, like you said, today, you feel washed out, that's like really, really normal. Um After having like a bout with anxiety. Now, of course, you have to. No, I'm not saying this to make you more anxious. But, you know, whenever we think of anxiety, we think of, you know, panicky short of breath palpitations. But, you know, we
Patient: Try to Yeah.
Nurse: OK. OK. So, so how do you know it's anxiety? Like what exactly happens to you when you know it's anxiety when you know it's time to take your medicine. What, what are you feeling?
Patient: Well, first, I, I have to say that on this regimen, I haven't had a bout of anxiety in years, literally. Um So that's what really struck me as that I don't know about, I'd say around one o'clock yesterday afternoon, all of a sudden, I, I don't know how to describe how I felt. I just felt very, I could tell I was very anxious and I'm like, did you feel
Nurse: Nervous, restless, tense, sense of like impending danger or panic? Probably
Patient: More nervous than anything else? What, what did you say? You said sometimes you say your stomach tightens up or something. Yeah. And sometimes my, my stomach tightens up. But I, I guess nervous and um not agitated in a bad way, but just high strung and that's the only way I can think of it and, and, but, and that's very unusual for me.
Nurse: Ok. Anything out of the ordinary going on in your life right now.
Patient: Well, don't laugh at me. You know, I, I would say the only thing over the past month or two, would it be [PHI-Personal] that we have had the kids? Um, my daughter-in-law doesn't let the kids come up on weekends. You know what I mean? Like, she used to, I used to baby, the other grandparents and I used to alternate weekends either with one of them or both of them. I know that's the best I can describe it and they come up for a day and all of a sudden they just said, um, no, they wanted more family time of their own on the weekends and the kids were gonna be more involved in sports. So, um, they, I can't see them once a week. Like I used to at least one of them once a week. Uh, you know, alternate. Right. Yeah. So that has caused me a lot of anxiety. Well, sure,
Nurse: I can understand that.
Patient: Well, well, well, the other thing too that I think has fed into it is I've had, have I talked to you since I had the neck and shoulder problem,
Nurse: Um, sent you mean you fell in your bedroom last month?
Patient: Oh. well, yeah, actually it, it was actually started before that started
Nurse: In January. Yeah, I did, I did, we did talk about that.
Patient: Ok. Alright, so um I did go to see the orthopedic doctor on doctor on Monday this last Monday. Finally that's the closest appointment they would give me when that happened and and the
Nurse: Uh the [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Ok. Yeah, and he took he took about [PHI-Personal] or [PHI-Personal] x-rays of my my neck and top shoulder area and he said that everything looked um fine. He said I do have a little bit of, um, what do you call it? Arthritis, uh, in, in my neck. But he said, uh, he, what he, the bottom line was, he goes, there's nothing unusual about what you've got. He said, and I think you did the right thing by getting, um, one of those side sleeper pillows because that has helped a lot. So, uh, but I, I think what it is is that I've been more anxious because I've never had anything like the past month or so. Um, and, uh, you know, that's probably giving me a little bit of anxiety that plus the kids and, yeah, and, and I'll tell you the other thing that really has me upset is my weight. I, I, I'm, I realize that I'm probably not active enough. I mean, I still normally go to my trainer once a week but, and up here, I don't know if you are aware of the type of the winter we've had it, it's been a miserable winter and I just haven't gotten, uh, out hard, you know, it's very hard to go out in this type of weather in [PHI-Geographic]. There's really no place to go to, to be honest with you. Um, so, I don't know. Yeah, it's some stuff, you know. Yeah. Oh, some stuff. But I'm not, I, I don't want, I don't like to complain about it because heavens knows that people are having a worse time, you know what I mean? Well,
Nurse: That's true. However, sometimes talking it through, you know, even though you don't wanna sound like you're complaining sometimes every once in a while talking it all through and getting it all out helps, helps to decrease the, the, the panic attacks, the anxiety, the, you know how you're, how you're feeling um, when you bottle it all up, I mean, obviously, you know what happens? It's just not a good thing. Um Oh jeez. Yeah, let me ask you, um, some questions. I'm just gonna update Doctor [PHI-Personal] on how you're feeling. Ok. Um I wanna ask you some questions so that I know he's gonna wanna know. Um I wanna know over the last two weeks, how often have you been bothered by feeling nervous, anxious or on edge every day? Several days? More than half the days.
Patient: It really hasn't been as far as, you know, it depends on how we're defining this. I mean, um, and when [PHI-Personal] and I are here, which we are most of days in this winter, the way it's been, um, it's, it's been just a normal day. We, uh, do our usual thing in the morning on Wednesdays. I go to training and then he does some errands and that's it, you know. And, uh, I don't know, they've been pretty normal. Ok. Um, I, I don't, but [PHI-Personal], would you agree with that? Ok. Ok. Ok. Um, so,
Nurse: So basically in the last two weeks yesterday was like the, the, the, the top. It was like the worst part. It wasn't, it wasn't really anything in the last two weeks. It
Patient: Was yesterday. It was unusual. Let me pull that. I, I haven't had, as I said, I haven't had an anxiety attack in years. Um, but so if you're worrying
Nurse: About something you like in the last two weeks, you're able to kinda rein it in and it doesn't get, like, way ahead of you worrying. Um. Ok. Good. Um, how about relaxing at the end of the day? Are you able to go and do your normal routine? Sit, whether it's sit and read a book or watch a TV show or talk to somebody? Ok. Good. You could sit still. You're not so restless that you can't sit still.
Patient: No. No. And
Nurse: That's what the,
Patient: That's what was so unusual about yesterday is that I've never had that any of that happen before. Um, I've never had a day of an, you know, where I've been so anxious that it's interfered with my me or anything we wanna do?
Nurse: Was this the daughter in law that you went to last night? Yeah. Ok. You think that may be in the back of your mind? Could have had something to do with how you were feeling?
Patient: Uh, no, I don't, I actually felt sorry for her last night because she was having a very bad sciatic problem and, and the reason we went down early to get the kids off the bus was she had to go to the chiropractor. I guess she goes to one, I don't believe in them but, uh, she wants one to get her back healed a little bit, I guess. No, I, I mean, I, um, no, I'm not anxious about her. Uh, I just, I'm sad that she feels that way. But I, yeah, yeah. What makes me anxious is the, the, the fact that I, I don't get to see the kids like I used to. Mhm. Mhm. If I were to be upset with anybody would be my son. Look,
Nurse: Have you talked to him about
Patient: It? Have you talked to him? Yeah. Yeah, we talked to him and, uh, they just, he just agreed that they had other things they wanted to do on the weekends with the kids. And so, mm, I mean, maybe it's an adjustment I have to make, you know, because one child is gonna be [PHI-Personal] in a couple of weeks and then, uh, the other little boy is [PHI-Personal]. So, yeah, maybe it's, it, maybe on their part it's a fair thing, you know what I mean? Yeah.
Nurse: Well, you know, I mean, you, you have kids as they get older, they get more involved, they get with their friends, they have the sports and they have birthday parties to go to and all that stuff. So, but, you know, maybe there's a way you can sort of schedule in just your time with them. Um, yeah,
Patient: I, what I'm hoping is that when summer comes, maybe they'll relent a little bit because then I can take them on a weekday instead of just a weekend. Uh, because then the kids are in school and. Exactly. Exactly. And I, that's what I'm knocking out for.
Nurse: Yeah. Do they both work during the day?
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, hm. Yeah, I may be, I may be able to talk into it as a babysitting resource.
Nurse: Right. Exactly. So, I'm looking at it that way. Hey, whatever you gotta do whatever you gotta do. I, I get it. I think it, I think it'll work out, you know, I think, I, sometimes as, you know, parents, they get a little overwhelmed, they try to cram it all in, they're trying to make everybody happy. It's like, uh, yeah, it's,
Patient: And I just got a dog. Oh, jeez.
Nurse: Yeah, it's on top of everything else. Right. You know, I think it'll work out, it'll work out the way. You need it to. Um, I'm sure it will, I'm sure it
Patient: Will. They, they, something here. Yeah. Uh,
Nurse: She allerg to the dog. Um, and I was just wondering because you have a, you're allergic,
Patient: Right? Yeah. But the dogs hypo aller, well, but this dogs,
Nurse: Supposedly one of these hypoallergenic dogs. Right. So, I'm just wondering if, but this is the first time we've been where the dog is. So, I'm just wondering if that might have something to do with it.
Patient: Well, I
Nurse: Would say, yeah, I would say it's possible but she was kind of starting to rev up earlier in the day. Yeah. Yeah, if that wasn't the case, I would say, well, you might be on to something there. Um, but, yeah, it's, uh,
Patient: Well, I tell you another minor stressor that I had yesterday was, um, I wanted to, I couldn't go down any earlier than, and they want, she wanted us to get there about what, 3 30. Um, and I wa, I was a little concerned with the weather up here and getting down there and then getting home last night, I mean, it turned out to be fine but it, it was, the, the weather reports were not totally stable for yesterday. All right. So, I don't know. I have no idea what made me feel that way because I, I'm telling you gabby in all the years except maybe way back [PHI-Personal] years ago when I started taking Xanax. That's the first time I've had something like that happen.
Nurse: So, it's like the first time in [PHI-Personal] years. Yeah. Well, that's pretty amazing. Yeah.
Patient: Oh,
Nurse: Absolutely. Absolutely. So, I think that, you know, you have to monitor the symptoms. Hopefully this was just like a one and done thing. But it does sound like you got, you know, you got some worries on your mind. Um, and, and, and people do, you, you got some stressors and when grandkids are involved it's, it's exacerbated, I think because that's, you know, they're important to you, of course. So I think whatever you need to do to kind of come to some sort of a resolution, do it, talk, babysit, whatever it is you need to do, that's gonna help you tremendously just to get it out in the open and kind of come up with a plan. Um And not to be worried sick that you're never gonna get to see them because that's no way to be either. Um And, and talk things through, you know, talk and, and I know, you know, sometimes you don't wanna do that, it's, you don't wanna sound like you're complaining, but it helps, it helps tremendously to just get it out. You can't let it build up if you feel like you're having anxiety, nervousness can't stop con you know, can't control worrying. Um And then a sense of like impending danger, panic, doom, decreased heart rate, breathing is fast. You know, anything like that call? Ok. I'm gonna update that [PHI-Personal] and let him know what, what happened. Now, the other thing is, and, and I know we sort of touched on it if, if you get any of that with nausea, vomiting, chest pain, arm pain, jaw, pain, pain, that radiates to your back. You just call 911. Ok.
Patient: Um, well, and that's what they, they had 911 on the phone when I went to stand up and I was so woozy. You know what? I, no, I didn't
Nurse: Talk to him but I, well, see, because, uh, yeah, I mean, what happened was she got, uh, she seemed to me, I was trying to get her, uh, you know, I say, you know, and she seemed to be, uh, I hate to say unresponsive but, you know, and, and, and, but she wasn't responding to me and her skin felt a little clammy to me. So it's like, ok, I'm gonna get an ambulance up here because, you know, I, so, so I had, I had 911 and the, uh, dialed the phone and then she sort of came back so I hung it up so I never even, it never even connected to them, you know, because, you know how they are to them and, you know, you know, that was a, that was a good thing to do, [PHI-Personal]. I mean, that's honestly, I mean, you had to be prepared for, you know, the worst case scenario. But, um, [PHI-Personal], were you able at all to check your BP by any chance?
Patient: Mm. Probably the only thing I could have what would have given me my BP and it may be still be there is on my phone. I have an app for my watch. I have a smartwatch. Mhm. And that would have told
Nurse: Me that would have given you your, probably your heart rate and your oxygen level possibly. But that it does. That's ok. So I'll,
Patient: I'll, I'll tell you the truth. I, I could, the reason I couldn't respond to [PHI-Personal] as far is because I was trying to figure out what was going on with me and all I know. All I know is that all of a sudden I really needed to use the bathroom. And that's when I said I, you need to help me up and he helped me up and we went in. But I thought it was the wooziness that, um, surprised me frankly because when I was sitting here I felt I, I had a stomach ache but I didn't feel woozy now, whether that just triggered it, my getting up and stuff. I, I don't know. Yeah. And
Nurse: You know, sometimes, I mean, I can diagnose you but sometimes when you have like a stomach ache or like you, you feel like a, a little itchy, like I might have to go to the bathroom the, there's a nerve that can be activated, the vagus nerve and it, it can, if, if it, if it is activated you could feel woozy, like you're going to pass out lightheaded. Yeah. Um, that's why a lot of people, you know, you hear stories about when they go to the bathroom and you find them passed out because that's what happens. So, it may be, it could have had a little vasovagal something thing going on there, but it's definitely worth monitoring. Ok. Right. Uh, without a doubt, I will update [PHI-Personal] and then if he has anything to add, I most certainly will let you know.
Patient: I mean, I realize there's probably virtually nothing that can be done about this. But um, the, the brand of Xanax that they gave me and I called them and asked them if I could either switch it out or what I had to do, but they couldn't do anything because they said, um, I don't know whoever provides them with it. They didn't have any, the bottom line, but this brand of Xanax is not working as well or at least not as well. Um, it does not, it does not relieve the anxiety the way that other brand did and why they can get the pharmacist
Nurse: About like, can you get me this brand specifically?
Patient: Yeah, I did. And they said, well, we have to take what we got, you know, and if you, and if your prescription just doesn't happen to hit the date. So, we've got
Nurse: It. I know. And I, and I, I think we kind of talked about this before. It's, um, it's true and I hate to say that but it's, it's like we're lucky to get what we get and I hate to say that but that it's the truth.
Patient: Yeah. No, I, I'm sure it is. Um, the only thing I thought is that when I get close to renewing my, I think would probably be, let's say December to January, January, February around the first part of March. Um I'm gonna, who do I, do I ask you to renew them or do I call [PHI-Personal]? What I do your
Nurse: Prescriptions, you can call me or [PHI-Personal]. Either one, either one, certainly.
Patient: Well, I may call you and what I may a ask them to do when they renew that script is ask them to give me that brand, you know, to get enough at the time. Yeah, you can
Nurse: Definitely try that. Um, the only problem with that is if they don't have that brand, they probably, if it's written on the script, they probably will not substitute anything else if they're, if they can't get that brand. So you might run into a little issue with that. Um, but, you know, you, you could
Patient: Try it maybe for sure, maybe either that or maybe just put, if possible, please give her [PHI-Personal] and if get some stock or something like that. I don't know. Um, you wanna know
Nurse: Something it's written on your prescription already, believe it or not really. Code a [PHI-Personal]. Yeah, it's written right on your prescription.
Patient: Oh, they didn't give it to me?
Nurse: Yeah. Now, the only other suggestion I can make is you could, and I know it's a pain but if you really wanted it you could call, you know, other pharmacies every month and see what they have in stock that month. Um, and have the script sent
Patient: There. I actually did that and, um, no one seems to get that brand locally except when they have it because I, when that, when I ran into this the last time I thought, well, I'm gonna call around to a couple other pharmacies because I could always have the script changed to those if they carried it. But they don't. So, I don't know, at least that's what the pharmacist that the day I called told me. And, uh, I tried, um, oh, [PHI-Personal] and, uh, there was another one that I called. I don't know if it was a local Waltons. That's a local pharmacy.
Nurse: Yeah. And that's Pfizer. It looks like Pfizer makes that [PHI-Personal]
Patient: Pfizer. Yeah.
Nurse: So even if it may not say [PHI-Personal], but even if you make sure it's a Pfizer one that might be helpful, um, I didn't realize they were in cahoots with each other, but it looks like they are. Right. Ok.
Patient: Well, so, well, but I guess the bottom line is, I just wanted to call and let you know about it. Um, we took my temperature, I didn't have a temperature. I didn't have any pain and pain involved except for my stomach, which, you know, I had to use the bathroom. So I had cramps
Nurse: And, and then after that you were like, you didn't have any cramping.
Patient: Right. Right. And then, uh, the only other thing that was a little different was that when I did get up to both, go to the bathroom and then go to bed was, yeah, I was very, um, woozy. Ok.
Nurse: So you told me you're dieting, which I can understand. Have you been not eating a lot that could have made you a little woozy. Have you been taking anything to help you lose weight that might be interfering with
Patient: Stuff? I don't take anything. Um, ok. I, um, yeah, I, well, I don't know how to explain this to you. What we've been trying to do is like, um, [PHI-Personal] been nice enough to go along with it. We've been trying to have our bigger meal of the day, like around one o'clock, 11 30 then have just something very light, like a sandwich or something at night. Um, no, that, yeah, that did change yesterday. Um, because we were gonna have dinner at my daughter in law, daughter in law's with the kids. So I ate a smaller meal at noon and I had my larger meal in the evening.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. As long as you're, you know, I know when you're trying to lose weight, you know, you focus on calorie restriction but make sure, you know, you're not over restricting, make and make sure that you're getting what you need, you're getting enough protein, you're getting enough fruits and vegetables. Ok. Um, because it's great to lose weight, but not if it's going to make you sick. Ok. Ok. Um, and I'm not saying that you're making yourself sick by dieting but just make sure you're focusing on getting enough good nutrition with, with restricting calories, whatever you're getting, get more bang for your buck. Ok. Um, whatever, whatever you need, like lean proteins, fish, turkey, chicken, you know, lots of veggies, lots of fruits. Ok.
Patient: Yeah, I, I, we, we try to do that. I mean, we, we, we don't, or at least I don't snack a lot, you know, I like, I've given up potato chips and all of that type of thing. Well, we try to what we have sometimes we, we're out of an hour, like, I have kind bars that have some nuts in them. Mhm. Um, you know, that type of thing. Yeah. And popcorn. I, they have the skinny pop popcorn. Yeah, that's, that's a good choice. Well, uh, you know, so, I don't know.
Nurse: Yeah, that's, that's good. Good options. Absolutely. For snacks. For sure.
Patient: Good. And we get as much. Yeah, we get as much fruit, fresh fruit as we can up here. You know, it's not so great in the winter because you don't have much selection. Like, I like to have strawberries and blueberries, but usually we can only get blueberries and hopefully some oranges if we can. Yeah. Do you guys have
Nurse: An Aldi?
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. Do you go to Aldi? Yes. Stay with those sometimes. Oh, good.
Nurse: Yeah, because the price of, of produce is, like through the roof, you know, especially strawberries. I just saw strawberries. They're like, $6 or a little container of strawberries. Mm. But Aldi seems to have some pretty decent prices on that stuff. Yeah. I don't like all these produce because it doesn't last very long. Oh. Yeah, we had stuff at S and Sam's stuff lasts forever. Yes, it does. Yes, it does. I do like the, the, the problem with all these is that unless you're gonna use it right away. Mhm. In my experience it doesn't last as long and sometimes we get at Sam's and they'll sit in there for a week and they're still good to when we got. Oh, well, see that. Good. So, anyway. Yeah. Absolutely. Ok. So, I mean, I, I don't mean to say it's not a good thing to have this stuff. It's
Patient: Just from a practical
Nurse: Circumstance. It, absolutely.
Patient: It can be, it can be too, like I said up here. Well, it probably the same for you in [PHI-Geographic]. But in the winter you might as well forget it in most places because you can't always get good produce and, and vegetables, fresh vegetables and stuff. True. True.
Nurse: Absolutely.
Patient: Mhm.
Nurse: So, does [PHI-Personal], do you need anything? Is there anything going on with you that you need addressed? No, I think I'm fine. I'm, you know, just about the same, the same. Ok. That's usually good. No, news is good news.
Patient: Where abouts are
Nurse: You in? [PHI-Geographic]? I'm in the Scranton area. Are you familiar with that? Oh, yeah, I grew up at Al Tuna. So, the other side? Oh, how about that? Yeah. When I went to school with that. So, uh, yeah. No, I'm not, I'm not nearly as familiar with the eastern side of the state, but sometimes when we went to visit my family they have to drive down one. Yes. Yes. Yeah, it's, you know, it's a nice town. It's, it's an old coal mining town like most of this, this part of the world. Um, [PHI-Geographic] is the big thing here. [PHI-Geographic] trains and the National historic train museum here. Um, yeah, nothing else. Too, too exciting though, except pizza. We have good pizza but [PHI-Geographic] don't feel the same about that. So, yeah. Well, hopefully everything kinda levels out for you here, [PHI-Personal]. I'm, I'm hoping as far as this little episode you had yesterday. If things don't, you know, continue to feel like you're, you're going in the right direction. Please call and let us know. Um, I will call and check on you probably next week. I'm sure doctor will want me to just to, you know, make sure there's nothing, nothing else going on. But if you need me before that, you know, you can call, either one of you can call at any time here.
Patient: Ok. We, we appreciate that. And, um, the only other thing I'll let you know is that, that I don't use sugar. Um, I use Stevia all the time. Um, even when I bake, um, I, I use Stevia as opposed to sugar. Um, because I've always, well, the, my mother was diabetic so I, I try to steer clear of sugar as much as I can. Um, on a daily basis. Um, that wouldn't be making me like this, would it? Well, sugar, you've been
Nurse: Using that for a while. You've been using it for a long time though, right?
Patient: Oh, probably a good, uh, [PHI-Personal] years. Yeah,
Nurse: It's hard to say. I mean, the only thing I can think of is, you know, the, the, the substitutes for sugar sometimes can interfere with your bowels. It could sometimes make you have loose stools. But, I mean, like a one time thing or an occasional thing. I don't think I'd be too worked up about. Um, you know, I
Patient: Was thinking, I was just, I was just thinking more of the anxiety. Yeah.
Nurse: Well, I don't really know if there's been any, like, studies done on that and the correlation between the two. But, uh, anything is possible. But I honestly don't think I know yesterday had to be, you know, scary, you know, scary that all of a sudden that that happened to you. But, um, I don't think I would overthink it either. Ok. I
Patient: Think, I, in fact, I, I just, I thought I should tell you, I thought, I absolutely, I'm
Nurse: Glad you did because it's something I gotta keep an eye on.
Patient: Well, yeah, and I, but I don't wanna sit here and about it either because
Nurse: That will make it worse. You're absolutely right. That's, that's the truth. Um, but we're aware of it, you're aware of it. [PHI-Personal] knows, you know, if, of course, if anything, you know, you feel woozy, you feel lightheaded, it's not passing. I would not hesitate to call 911. Ok. The last thing you wanna do is go to the hospital but if there was something going on that's where you would need to be. I, it doesn't sound like that's the case but make sure you're getting enough to eat, you're hydrating. Ok, because that, that can have something to do with it too. Um, especially the woozy part. Um. Ok.
Patient: How much did you say? Did you say 64 ounces of water? At least
Nurse: At least 64 ounces a day? Mhm. The minimum recommendation is 64.
Patient: Ok. Does that include my decaffeinated tea. And you
Nurse: Could, as long as it's decaf, you could, you can include that. Yeah, it's not, you know, I wouldn't include like, five cups of it, but if you're having a cup or two, you know, you can count that. Of course, it's better to get the water. Now, if you feel like, hm, maybe I need a little oomph to the water. You might wanna think about maybe getting something with a little bit of electrolytes in it. If you feel, you know, especially if you're dieting and maybe feeling not so great or maybe having some loose stool. Um they have water like smart water, smart, something like that. Um You know, even if you just added like did a half and half or something, it might help. I'm not saying it'll fix everything but
Patient: Um he's telling me my water has electrolytes in it. Oh, good.
Nurse: Oh, good. That's good.
Patient: Perfect. And he says it says uh purified um perfect ph 7.4 for your body's natural ph balance, electrolytes and minerals for taste and BP A free. Oh
Nurse: Perfect.
Patient: What brand is that? It's called core hydration and it says it perfectly balanced ph purified water. And
Nurse: Have you been drinking that?
Patient: Yeah, that's all I
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. Oh, ok. Ok.
Patient: I mean, except for my tea. Yeah. No, no. II I have a big bottle of it here all the time. Yeah. With electrolytes and minerals for taste. 44 ounces is minimum bottle. So good size bottle
Nurse: Good. And I mean, but that goes for both of you. I mean, both of you, you know, that's, they want us to push hydration hydration, especially at this time of year. Um, you know, the dry heat, the dry air, um, the flus and the colds going around, it just kind of helps. It's one of the things you can do to help boost your immunity too. Ok. Stay nice and hydrated. Eating right. You know, I'm sure you guys are, are you, like you said, you're both are getting your fruits, your vegetables, your, your protein, um, getting enough rest. That's like a huge one. Um, to help,
Patient: You know, we average about [PHI-Personal] hours a night of rest. Oh, that's good.
Nurse: That's great. Yeah, that's great. Perfect. And then, you know, when you're able to, um, some exercise, you know, that, that helps too. And, you know, that helps with anxiety too also. So when you're able to, even if it, even if it's going to the grocery store and doing some laps or to the mall and doing a few laps, um, until the weather gets a little bit nicer, just that regular physical activity of some sort, even if it's just doing an exercise tape or a walking video in you, in your living room, it's movement, it's exerting energy. It's, you know, it helps, it does help anxiety. So, just something to think about especially when it's weighing on your mind. Oh, I wanna lose weight. I wanna, I wanna get out and do more, more physical activity. It might, it might help you feel better.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: All right. If that catalog has anything to, I'll let you know. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Um, well, I thank you very much. I appreciate the, the help and the guidance and everything and, uh, oh, if, if, if you need to tell me anything, just let me know.
Nurse: Absolutely. Absolutely. I hope you guys have a good rest of the day and everything goes well for you and I'll be in touch if there's anything from [PHI-Personal] and you do have an appointment coming up, uh not coming up, but it's [PHI-Personal]. Ok. And I just wanted to see when [PHI-Personal] next appointment was here. I think it's [PHI-Personal], June or [PHI-Personal]. Oh, yeah. Oh, good. You got lots of time here. [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal] for labs [PHI-Personal] 10th to see Doctor [PHI-Personal]. Ok. All right. Have a good day, you guys. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Well, thank you very much. Alright. No problem.
Nurse: Thanks so much. Talk to you guys soon. Bye bye bye bye.
