Nurse: Good afternoon. This is [PHI-Personal]. Can I help you? Yeah,
Patient: This is [PHI-Personal]. Hi, [PHI-Personal], how are you? Well, all right. I guess I just got back from my oncologist up at the mcpherson and he said my, I need to take, start taking vitamin B 12. Ok. And I was reading on the bottle where you should get a hold of your physician to make sure it's ok to take these with the prescriptions that I'm taking. Ok,
Nurse: Let me pull you up here.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: All right. Did he, um, did they tell you a recommended dosage to take on that? Vitamin B 12? No, they did not. Ok. All
Patient: Right. I was looking on the bottle here and see if they had a suggestion. They said it says one tablet daily.
Nurse: Yeah. So normally that's, yeah, that's usually the recommended dosage. Um, it's just kind of like a standard dosage. I just didn't know if they told you to take like an increased amount or you know what exactly they had said to you. Um, now is that one, the 5000 microgram?
Patient: Mm. You know, I didn't even look at that. I just grabbed the bottle because it was two for one. There's um, no, it's 1000 mg.
Nurse: Oh, so that one's 1000 MC G 1000 microgram. Ok. Yeah, they come in different, there's different strengths of it. Oh, yeah, there's um, oh, gosh, there's several, there's 2500 microgram. There's 501,000, 5000. All right. So that one's the 1000. Ok. And what provider, um, had recommended to you to take the vitamin B 12,
Patient: Uh doctor [PHI-Personal] and, and the person, he's the, uh, oncologist at a [PHI-Geographic] Cancer center, is that what they call over Wichita?
Nurse: Yes. Mhm. Ok. All right. Well, yeah, I will definitely, I mean, in, in my eyes, um, you know, I feel that would be safe but I definitely wanna talk to Doctor [PHI-Personal] just to make sure, um, you know, that there wouldn't be any type of interaction with any medications that you're on. Um,
Patient: Oh, I could go to the pharmacy at [PHI-Personal]. I asked them if there was any because the pharmacist, a lot of times the pharmacist will call me and say, hey, you're taking something you shouldn't be taking, we're gonna, we're gonna see if we can change it, but that's only if I've got a drug that I'm taking that. Uh, so I don't know if I can call them and ask them about that. I rather than bother doctors. Exactly with it. But,
Nurse: Yeah, I mean, the vitamin B 12 is, there's nothing currently that I see that you're on, that would do any type of interaction with the vitamin B 12. Um, but you're right, if you have an ordered prescription from the pharmacy, um, you know, that goes through their system and it alerts them if, uh, you know, if there'd be an interaction with any other drug that you're on. But over the counter, um, unless you specifically walk up to their pharmacist, obviously they wouldn't know. Um, but let me check with Doctor [PHI-Personal]. It's just a quick message that I sent over to him just to confirm. Um, but I'm not seeing anything in here at all that I feel would be, be an issue. But, um,
Patient: Just to get that information, doctor page probably checked my, what I take, I don't know, he didn't say but, and I thought to ask him, I just figured it'd be ok to take it. And after I read this on the bottle, I thought, hm, maybe I better but I need it because of the,
Nurse: So with a lot of those medications, [PHI-Personal], um, or like the over the counter supplements, um, they do have to put on there any type of warning, um, because there may be a condition, there may be a medication that it could interfere with. So it's just an alert to you just to, to review that. Um, but I would, I mean, I also think that your oncologist would have reviewed your medications too. Um,
Patient: Well, he packs a little computer around, like Doctor [PHI-Personal] does. So, I suppose he probably did. I don't know. Yeah, that place packed up there today. I, I couldn't hardly find a place to park. Oh,
Nurse: Wow. They're that busy.
Patient: Well, I told him, I said, well, there's, they had quite a few people in taking, uh, chemo and, uh, I don't know. I've been up there several times and I've never had that happen and I asked him about it on the way out and he said, well, it's just once in a while. We have days like this. And I said, well, I must have hit one of those days because I said usually when I come in there, there's maybe one or two people in here about every chair was full and the parking lot was full. So,
Nurse: Wow.
Patient: Wow. But he's, he's a good one. I think that's one reason he, I told him, I said, look, you, that might be my fault. I said, everybody, I see, I said, if you get cancer, this is the guy you want to go to. Yeah. But I don't know whether he appreciated that or
Nurse: Not. Oh, I'm sure, I'm sure that he did. Um, so, uh, with that vitamin B 12, um, normally what happens with your body? Like it, your body is gonna absorb the amount of vitamin B 12 that it needs. Um, and then the rest of it, it's just gonna pass through the urine. Um, so, you know, there's really no overdose unless you're taking, you know, several pills of that a day. Um, but normally if you start to feel anything like nausea, headache, dizziness, um, you know, that those are like, if, if you feel any of that definitely let, let one of us know whether it's oncology or us. Um, but that's very rare that that would happen. Um,
Patient: Is that good? Will that change the color of your urine or does that have an effect on
Nurse: That or not? No, no, I have, I have not known anybody that's had
Patient: The excess just goes out.
Nurse: It just goes, yep, your body just processes what it needs and the rest of it's gone. Um, you know, trying to get vitamin B 12 in your, um, you know, in your daily intake of food. Um, you know, is good too. Um, supplements are great but dietary intake is also important. Um, I don't know if you eat fish. Um, you know, there's a lot of fish that has good amounts of vitamin B 12 in it. Um, poultry, poultry is good eggs. Um,
Patient: I eat a lot of eggs good on that. Hyperbaric. That's what I eat every day before I go over there. Eggs sausage. That's what they tell you to eat to get your blood sugar up because that hyperbaric takes your blood sugar back down. Uh-huh. Uh Is they, she told me that though afterwards? She said, you know, type two diabetics that doesn't affect them that much. It's the type ones that have trouble with it dropping a lot.
Nurse: Oh, I didn't know, I knew that it could drop the sugar but I didn't realize that it was specific to type one.
Patient: That's what they told me. Wow. So I asked him, I said, well, my sugars aren't dropping that much and I, I said, I don't really like having a bad eye to start with. No. And they said, well, it'll, it'll drop, well, it drops some but not, not to the point that it's dangerous or anything. So, and then that's when they told me, well, you've got type two diabetes it, that they don't have that problem. So, well, the first time, yeah, the first time I went over there, I didn't have my blood blood sugar high enough and they were giving me boost and having me eat peanut crackers and all kinds of stuff. I never could get it up pie enough. So they said you're just gonna have to go home. So I didn't get, oh,
Nurse: No.
Patient: What was your sugar when you got there? What's that?
Nurse: What was your blood sugar when you got there?
Patient: Ah, I wanna say, is 100 and 40. Maybe that might not have been that high. I don't remember now. It was, they didn't like it. I know that. He said, well, don't you remember? We told you? I said, well, I thought, I thought I was gonna get you that pit. And she said, well, your, your drugs are probably doing it. So, they had me change the way I take my drugs and that made a difference. So, that's what I've been doing.
Nurse: Yeah. Nothing like getting over there and then having to be turned away and said, come back another time. Goodness.
Patient: Well, I had to come back the next day. Well, I don't remember what day of the week it was. I think I had to go back the next day but then they told me what to eat to get my sugars up. Mhm. And I was just eating what I normally do just, you know, cold cereal and a little bit of low, low sugar, orange juice. And the pa said, well, orange juice doesn't stay, it's there and it's, it's gone. You said you, uh, what you get from sausage and eggs will stay with you.
Nurse: Yeah. More of a substantial, um, process. Yeah. Yeah. Well, just remember meat, fish, milk cheese, eggs. Um, if you do milk, you know, if you can tolerate milk, low fat milk is a better choice option. But those, those all have good amounts of vitamin B 12 in them too. Um, so that would just be an attitude.
Patient: Skim milk.
Nurse: Ok. Good.
Patient: That's good. Does that make a difference?
Nurse: Um, no, no, because you just want the lower fat version. You don't want all those extra, extra fat um, you know, especially with diabetes too. You wanna do the lower fat version of the milk or dairy? Um,
Patient: I don't drink milk but I use it with my cereal and sometimes I chocolate in it, chocolate stuff in it and drink it that way. But I don't, I don't know, I, I never did acquire a taste for white milk, but I like cheese. So I guess I could start eating cheese. I could kind of quit doing that but
Nurse: Gotta be careful with cheese though. It's, it's processed. Um, so some foods and drinks can interfere with vitamin B intake. Um, and that would be like alcohol, caffeine and processed foods. Um, it can, it can kind of, it, it'll interfere with the way that your body is able to process the vitamin B.
Patient: Ok. Now I drink a couple of top, couple of cups of coffee in the morning, but it's decaf, but they, you know, they say they can't get all the caffeine out of it. Mhm. So, it probably still has a little bit. That's all I drink every day.
Nurse: Ok. And if it's the decaf, I mean, you're correct, they can take all of the caffeine out but it's, it's a better version, you know, with the caffeine, you know, than decaffeinated. Um, so that's ok. Um, but, you know, there's people that'll drink, you know, half a pot to a pot a day and, you know, that's definitely gonna interfere with their absorption.
Patient: I had a boss one time. We, we had a coffee pot at work and I worked his, we had rotating shifts sometimes when I was on midnight shift. He come in early in the morning and he'd say if you made a coffee. And I said, yeah, well, he'd go in there and poor instant on top of the coffee that I already made and always made it pretty strong. But everybody seemed like that's the way they liked it. I thought my gosh, I can let you drink that stuff. I have to use a spoon, you know.
Nurse: Oh, yuck. That would sour my stomach.
Patient: Oh, I just [PHI-Personal] when they do that. I, oh, he didn't, he didn't live to be real old. I don't know whether that was the cause or what he didn't smoke or anything but I, I don't think he was a drinker but you did like to spice up at coffee.
Nurse: Wow. Yeah, goodness sakes. Um, well,
Patient: No, you, uh, you get back with me on it then you want me to hold off taking them or, or what? I was gonna take one right now but I can wait another day. I mean it's not a way to do. Let me,
Nurse: Yeah, let me check with Doctor [PHI-Personal] and see, um, make sure and then see what he would give us like a recommended dosage too just because there's so many different ones. Um, again, like you can't, it'd be hard to overdose on it unless you were taking several pills at a time. But um, let me just check with him and just confirm what he feels would be an appropriate dosage too. Ok. Ok. And then I'll give you a call back once I hear back.
Patient: Ok, I may, if you're doing it today, I may not, I gotta go mow my yard.
Nurse: Oh, you can come do my next then. [PHI-Personal],
Patient: I got too much the way it is. I
Nurse: Know we do too. Um Yeah. Uh, is it ok? If I just leave you a detailed message, [PHI-Personal], sure that'd be fine. Ok, I'll do that and then you can just con you know, continue on your day. You don't have to call me back unless you would have a question. Ok. All right. All right, [PHI-Personal]. Well, hey, have a good time mowing your
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. Oh yeah. Well, I'm gonna do it today tomorrow. It's supposed to be. I got to start back on my hyper Barry tomorrow. I don't want to have to come home mow my yard.
Nurse: So. No, no, no. You wanna come home and just relax after that. Take it easy.
Patient: Yeah, because I got to drive, you know, from [PHI-Geographic] back over here, play with the trucks all the, all that time and crazy drivers. Uh, my wife would say that includes me but shaking her head. Yes. Oh dear. I usually let her drive but, uh, she don't want to go over there and sit for three hours. So, and I don't blame her, chairs are very uncomfortable out in our waiting area.
Nurse: Oh, well, they are in most places. Yeah. Not, not a fun place to be, that's for sure. Well,
Patient: You're not there but, you know, if you go on time that you're not sitting there very long, they take you back. So, but the person that, how
Nurse: Long you in there
Patient: You're in 90 minutes and they have a TV, you can watch and, ah, and what got sound and everything and, uh, they, uh, take your blood test, sugar test and they look at your ears and I always hold my hand up on the other side and ask her if she could see the other, see my hand through my ear. Now, I've heard that joke too many times but, uh, they do that. They, they don't take my BP or anything. They just scoop me in there and, and, uh, slam the door and latch it and start, start bringing me down and your ears start popping and they told me what to do about that. And I got to work didn't bother me. I mean, I just knew what to do when they, I could tell when they were taking me down. And then the next thing, you know, they got the oxygen crank. Do you? And the only problem I've had is my feet kinda get cold if they don't wrap my feet pretty good when they put me in there, but I've complained about it a few times so they make sure they get them mapped up. Right.
Nurse: Well, good. How do you feel coming out of there?
Patient: No. No, they don't have any effect on me at all. I mean, uh, if you got any kind of wounds though, they heal up quicker.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, that's been a big treatment. Yeah. For wound healing. Mhm. Yeah, that's
Patient: What, that's what it is actually. Uh, there's been, I've seen people go in there that look like they might be diabetic and they have diabetic sores and, uh, they treat them that, that's what they treat them with is a.
Nurse: Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, there's a lot of benefits they say with that hyper bariatric treatment they actually sell, uh, well, I don't know how much they are. I've never really looked them up but they, um, it's probably not as good as what you're getting in a clinic. But, um, they sell that type of equipment that you can purchase at home. Some gyms are actually getting that too. It's not monitored though. So I'd probably be a little bit [PHI-Personal] on doing it in a gym. But, um, yeah,
Patient: One fellow that was going the same time I was, and he went up to, uh, [PHI-Personal], I think it was and he said some lady was doing it in her home and he said I didn't like the idea of that. So you don't know whether they're certified. See these people over there, they have to be certified. They have to be, they have to go over there. They have a lady come in there and she goes over, that makes them go over the process every now and then. So they're, they keep them on their toes, I guess. And, um, the, the one lady that does, it been doing it for 17 years, so she's cut down [PHI-Personal]. But, uh, both of them are very professional so I don't worry about too much.
Nurse: Yeah, I definitely wouldn't be, if she's doing it in the home, she would have to have the equipment in her home. They certainly aren't gonna drag it there to her home, I wouldn't think.
Patient: But, yeah, it's, that's, that's what he said.
Nurse: Oh, yeah, that, that'd be a little nerving. I definitely wouldn't be doing that at home. Definitely need somebody there with.
Patient: That's, well, there's a doctor, there's a doctor right down the hall and she's there all the time. There's a va there all the time. One or the other are there all the time most of the time. It's, they're both there and that and, uh, they've got stuff all over the walls where they've been approved to do that. They've been doing it for a long time. So, I guess they know what they're doing. They have people in, go up there. Wow. Yeah, I
Nurse: Hope they need to make it a little bit. Yeah, I know. That's what I was just gonna say. They need to have, have some more centers because, didn't you tell me before that? The hospital used to have it and then they're at [PHI-Geographic] but they don't have it there anymore. Well,
Patient: They've got one to do it but the hospital won't hire anybody to, to, uh, run it, to run it. Yeah, they got a doctor trained, a nurse trained but they need another one. They need two nurses and they won't hire another one. And I guess they went to them every year and ask for the extra money. They won't do it. And I said, well, that's not right because the people in this community around surrounding communities that we're getting, we're paying the price after drive to new and have it done when they've got one here. That's just crazy.
Nurse: That is, that is, well, it's a waste. It's a waste of time and effort, you know, having that brought in and not putting it to good use and it is bad for the community.
Patient: Yeah, they used to have two of them but somebody now they only got one but they're not using it. So, and I don't know, you know, like, if you don't drive your car for a while it gets things go wrong with it. So, I don't know if that happens to those things or not. I don't know.
Nurse: I would imagine. I would imagine if it's pretty stagnant, it's, I mean, things have to be run to, you know, function properly
Patient: Because there are some electronics to it. And, uh, you know, it's that my son in law said he would, he'd just have to die because he said, I don't think I could stand being in there. I said, well, you do what you gotta do. You know, that's the way I look at it.
Nurse: That's right. That's right. No
Patient: Wait for your your word. I I I it depends on when you find out but you think you can find out today then, huh?
Nurse: I will do my best. Yes. If not, I will um reach out to you first thing in the morning. That's fine.
Patient: That's fine.
Nurse: Ok. Alright [PHI-Personal]. Well have a good afternoon and um if you don't answer when I call back I'll just leave you a detailed message.
Patient: Yeah that'd be fine.
Nurse: Ok. All right. Have a good afternoon, Lee. You too. Bye bye bye.
