Nurse: Hey,
Patient: I should know.
Nurse: Hey MS [PHI-Personal]. Oh, are you being good?
Patient: Yeah,
Nurse: It's hard for me to hear you. Miss [PHI-Personal],
Patient: I'm [PHI-Personal]. Are you, are
Nurse: You in a bad location? Make you hold on it.
Patient: Can you hear me now?
Nurse: Yes, ma'am. I can. Ok.
Patient: Yeah, I'm down here for three weeks. My husband has to work down here and I ended up in the hospital.
Nurse: Oh, wait, so you're in the hospital right now?
Patient: Yeah, I'm getting discharged today though. Oh, you must have had, you must have had ESP because when I come back from my one test that they needed to do to make sure my heart was ok and it's ok, but they said I do have to follow up with doctor. I said, yeah, I always do when I've been in the hospital. That's one thing he wants us to have a check up now.
Nurse: I, I'm uh, so I'm going to, um, let's see. Hold on, Miss [PHI-Personal], let me pull up your chart that way I could give him an update.
Patient: Ok. Um, they need his uh, fax number.
Nurse: Hold on, I could give it to you. You have a pen
Patient: Oh, no, I just gave them the office number. I thought I had it in my phone but it's not in my
Nurse: Phone. Ok, because I have the fax number if they need it.
Patient: Ok. Well, they were just gonna call the office. Ok.
Nurse: Ok. They can,
Patient: And to fax, you know, the reports over so he can see what all they did.
Nurse: Let's see. Um,
Patient: I don't know. Can you pull up different
Nurse: Places? Uh, no, ma'am.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: So where are you now? I can hear you.
Patient: I'm in the reading hospital. We're in reading for three weeks for him to work down here.
Nurse: Can you spell that? I don't, I, I don't know how to spell it.
Patient: Oh, re ad ing and then hospital?
Nurse: Ok. And when did you get there
Patient: Monday night?
Nurse: And your husband is working there for three weeks?
Patient: Yeah, but we're gonna come home on the weekend because you know, to get our laundry and stuff done and then come back down. But I thought I'd just stay home next week and, um, get an appointment with him, hopefully next week and then I'll come back down with him for the last week.
Nurse: Ok. And do you think so? What put you in the hospital? What made you go to the hospital?
Patient: Well, we went out to eat a, a steak house, one of the famous steakhouse. Can't think what the name of it is. Now, we have one in Port. But anyway, I got tits. Um, I took the first bite, like, boy, I feel like a chewing gum and didn't taste right. And he says, just try another one and see how you, and I tried it and I said, oh, after I, I'm not eating any more of these, uh, they don't taste right. And then as I said that I was getting all numb all over from my head to my feet. I, my throat started closing up. Oh, so we left right away and he brought me right out to the er,
Nurse: And what did they find out?
Patient: They don't, they said my heart was good. Everything looked good. It could have been maybe some kind of spice in the meat. That didn't agree with me, that I was allergic to and back home. I've had their steaks and they're amazing. So down here I thought I'd try the tips this time. That was a big mistake.
Nurse: Oh, so they're probably gonna discharge you tomorrow?
Patient: No, they're discharging me today. I'm just waiting for my husband to come and pick me up.
Nurse: And how are you feeling? Are you feeling better?
Patient: Oh, I feel much better. My throat's not closing up anymore. That, that night, uh, you know, late, you know, during the, the, uh, middle of the night my throat started opening up and feeling better. I don't know, they were giving me meds and stuff, so, I don't know. Yeah,
Nurse: Probably like some steroids to open you up,
Patient: I, I feel 100% better. I walked the halls last night, my husband took me out to walk the halls. He had to basically hold me up from falling to get me into the, er, and then they seen that he was having trouble struggling so they hurry up being out with the wheelchair but going out of the restaurant, he, I felt so bad for him because he was trying to hold me up to get me to the car because it right outside the door and we didn't have far to walk to the door and I said, no, just, just get me, get me to the car and, uh, he best as we got to the car, then I was dragging my feet. So basically had to hold me up and put me into the car then.
Nurse: Ok, so, um, what about your stools? How does that look
Patient: Good? I, any blood still? I can't see any but I don't know because I'm not at home. I can see it better and I can, you know, here. But, uh,
Nurse: But you don't see anything
Patient: I couldn't see but I couldn't see very well.
Nurse: Ok. Any diarrhea or constipation?
Patient: No, it's just soft but not liquid.
Nurse: Ok, that's a good thing. So would you like me to make you an appointment for next week, honey?
Patient: Uh, yeah. Um, and then can you text it to my phone because I don't, don't have a pen or anything here.
Nurse: Um Are you on the portal?
Patient: On what portal
Nurse: Do you have? Are you signed up for the portal with [PHI-Geographic]?
Patient: No. How do I, I try to get that and I couldn't get it. I couldn't figure it out.
Nurse: Ok. Yes. See I would have to ask them to send you to sign up for the portal to see what you need to do the portal. Oh, ok. Yeah, because I'm not sure how to do it neither so um when I asked for the uh appointment um I would have to call you with the appointment.
Patient: Oh ok um can you call me what time do you get off today?
Nurse: Um I get off around 4 30.
Patient: Ok well I should be back at the hotel by then. I'm just waiting for him to come pick me up I'm all discharged and ready to go so
Nurse: Any time any day next week. Yeah do you rather a morning or afternoon?
Patient: Um mm I kinda like the mornings but my daughter is gonna have to take me. Ok I just call her real quick and see if she has any appointment for her next week. Shouldn't I I think I can actually do this because I have you on my speaker let me quickly you so you're still on I'm just gonna call her real quick.
Nurse: Ok that's fine. Yes ma'am.
Patient: So just to see if she has any appointment.
Nurse: Yes ma'am. Ok you there honey. Yes, ma'am. I'm here. No,
Patient: She said um afternoon.
Nurse: Ok. So I will give you a call back, honey. All right, sweetheart.
Patient: Thank you, honey, you. You're
Nurse: Welcome. You're welcome. Yeah, when I got
Patient: Back for this heart test I have I had done and I seen your name on my phone. I said, wait, somebody was telling her to call me today.
Nurse: Uh Oh no. Uh oh, I was just calling to check in on you
Patient: I was actually thinking about you and then I come back here and your name's on my phone I thought yeah she must have had ESP or something somebody said something. All right then I will talk to you a little while here.
Nurse: Yes ma'am sounds good. Alright.
Patient: Alright baby have
Nurse: A good day sweetie. Yes ma'am. You too didn't buy him.
