Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Yeah. Hi, [PHI-Personal]. It's [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Hello, [PHI-Personal]. How's it going? Oh,
Patient: It could be better.
Nurse: I, I saw you. You went through the Rocephin shots again? Oh, my gosh.
Patient: Yes. Yes, I got my, uh, last 10, yesterday. Uh, so then I'll have to wait four weeks and get, you know, get it, uh, get my blood work again because it was still over two.
Nurse: Oh, ok. Ok. At this
Patient: Point and then, uh, I just felt lousy and, uh, I knew it wasn't gone. I could tell the way I, you know, I
Nurse: Sit up sure.
Patient: And then, uh, I did start physical therapy.
Nurse: I did see there was a message in about that. So, how's that going?
Patient: Well, I, uh, when did I go Wednesday, I think, and then I went today and they did massage me. But, uh, I'm tight.
Nurse: Where's that? What part is bothering you the most? What are they working up
Patient: Around my shoulders, my upper back. Ok. My arms. Yeah. And, uh, because I was getting, uh, a lot of pain going down, like, down my arms, not tingling, but just pain. Like if I went shopping on the way home driving from Walmart, it even hurt, just driving from Walmart, you know, I have, you know, maybe it's 17 minutes. It's not far, you know. Right. Yeah. So, uh, and then I had a anxiety then I had a panic attack. I was gonna go into IG A and I'm like, oh God, I can't breathe and that, so I walked out, I said, OK, [PHI-Personal], take a couple of breaths, you gotta go in, you know, and then I went in because he took me off the Zappa because you gave me the pain killer.
Nurse: Ok. Right. Right. I saw that. Oh, yeah. Yeah. So
Patient: I, I'm having a lot of anxiety and at night my mind is just racing and racing and racing, you know. So I'm having trouble sleeping. So then I was wondering if I could ask maybe a muscle relaxer, maybe that could help, you know, we last like, tight
Nurse: Muscles. That might be a thought. Yeah. I mean, that might not be a bad idea at all. Let me look at your med list here.
Patient: I, I had that maybe a year or two ago.
Nurse: Which one did he order? You? Let me see if I can find it from before. Let's see.
Patient: I don't know if I have an old bottle. Ah, I'm gonna look to see.
Nurse: Hm. Oh, here's, well, at one point you were on Cyclobenzaprine, is that what it was daily at that time? So, that was in [PHI-Personal]. Looks like, uh, what was the name of it? Cyclobenzaprine [PHI-Personal]. No, Cyclobenzaprine. Pr Ine is the end of the word. No, it's a pill. Oh,
Patient: Uh,
Nurse: I don't, it looks like you had been on that one in like 2018, 1920 you know, around then. It looks like that was the one that you had you on
Patient: That one. Yeah. And that's the muscle relaxer.
Nurse: Yeah. Did that help when you had it?
Patient: I guess it did.
Nurse: Yeah. I mean, I don't think that's a bad idea. That's for sure. I can throw a message over to them and just ask about it if you want.
Patient: Oh, yes, please do.
Nurse: The only thing is since it's Friday, he's not there. So he won't get the message until, you know, Monday, but at least it'll be in. Ok. Um, and let me see. And what pharmacy would you want it sent to if you were sending it? Is it CVS?
Patient: Yes. CBS.
Nurse: Ok. Right. So, in the meantime, how often are you going to physical therapy?
Patient: I, I just started, uh, yeah. Right. I went Wednesday for my, you know, evaluation and then I went today and I think I go Monday. I,
Nurse: So, like, two or three times in the morning, like, in there.
Patient: Yeah, I think I'm only going, like, two a week, you
Nurse: Know. Yeah. It gets expensive driving back and forth and it gets to be like a full time. Job. I'm
Patient: Very lucky. The only reason I'm going, it's right here. 10 minutes. Oh, good.
Nurse: That's good. That's
Patient: Why I'm going there.
Nurse: Right. Right. That's good.
Patient: Uh, re,
Nurse: 000, yeah, I've had other patients that have gone there. That's good. Yeah. And then do they, have you trying, like, heat or ice or anything? Well,
Patient: I told them I, anything, ice and I, you know, ice usually works better on me. I feel, you know. So he said, you know, you could, you could do that, do high packs but they're not really, he says that it, it's like chronic pain. It's not, uh, it's not gonna go away, put it
Nurse: That way. Sure. It's not provoked by some injury. That was temporary. Sure. Right. That's hard. That's, that's rough. I have a lot of patients in that same position. It's a matter of, uh, knowing how far you can go when you're doing things and stretching and using the ice or, you know, range of motion, you know,
Patient: Stuff like that. Right. Because yesterday, even when I came back from, uh, getting the shot and, and then I stopped that the ice afterwards because it's right there. I came home and I just put ice packs on, on my shoulders, you know. Yeah. Yeah.
Nurse: And, uh, does the traMADol seem to help if you take? It? Does, um,
Patient: Good. It makes me, oh, ok. It makes me hyper.
Nurse: Oh, does it? I've taken that and it makes me tired. So, that's funny. That's, that's kind of how it goes with things like that though. So it'll make one person one way and one another.
Patient: See, like, even oxyCODONE, it didn't make me tired, it made me hyper. So I took things.
Nurse: Uh huh.
Patient: So, with the tremor I am, I'm doing more
Nurse: Right, right now. Like, and that might be the case with a little less pain, you know. You're, yeah.
Patient: Plus I, I got to do, it's helping me do my wash, it's helping me, uh, organize some things, you know. So, and it's keeping me up at night. So I, I try to take it early in the morning but my body is like, even [PHI-Personal] said, I'm just so super sensitive in medicines and it's like, uh, what should make me tired, makes me hyper, you
Nurse: Know? Right. Sure. And that is the case sometimes with people, it just affects people differently all the time. So
Patient: It is. And thank, you know, I thank God it, it is making me hype and taking away and I'm sure it's because it's taking away some of the pain.
Nurse: Yeah,
Patient: Things.
Nurse: Right. Right. You know. So, yeah, I think a mu probably a muscle relaxant to try to take at bedtime at least would help settle things in general. Um, yeah.
Patient: Well, I, yeah, I won't take, uh, the pain medicine at night because then I, I'll probably be up all night. Right. Because I did one day, take it late. I didn't get to bed until, like, three in the morning. You know, I was having such a hard time and I had a old, uh, I had a cup of my, uh, Zappa. I said for this, I gotta take it. I, I said I'm so tired but I can't sleep.
Nurse: That's frustrating for sure.
Patient: It is. So, I don't know.
Nurse: Yeah. Well, let me send a message over and then if they get back to me next week, I'll give you a call back. It's more likely that sue or somebody from the office will call and let you know, you know what he says. But, um, at least let's get something sent and hopefully that get you on your
Patient: Way. Hopefully that would help me sleep at night, you know.
Nurse: Right. Sure. Just relax things a little bit.
Patient: Yeah. And I'm doing a little like he told me to roll the ball on the wall, you know, I'm doing, you know, some, but he's not really giving me, uh, too much because I had Cortisone shot in my right shoulder a couple months ago for impingement and do not want to aggravate that because I went through my left shoulder impingement years ago with chronic pain for seven years. So I'm not, oh, trying, trying not to cause any more damage. Put it that way.
Nurse: Right. Yeah, I don't blame you. I think that's probably smart to just take, yeah. Take it slow, for sure. Oh, yeah.
Patient: And then he said to me, well, do something for 10 minutes and stop for 10 minutes. I looked at him. I said, are you crazy? I said I cannot do that because, well, that would help people with fatigue. I said it's not going to help me. And I, he goes, ok, well, try 20 minutes. And so I talked to, uh, [PHI-Personal] yesterday and she said, no, no, it, it, it, that is not me. I got to do what I have to do when I have to do it. Right.
Nurse: Sure. Yeah. II, I feel that way. Probably about you too. You're not one to, to sit and, uh, sit and wait.
Patient: No, no, I, I can't do that. I can't
Nurse: Have to be done. I
Patient: Told them, no, I can't do it. He said, ok. No, I said, well, I heard it helps some people with chronic fatigue. I said, well, it, you don't know me, it's not going to help me.
Nurse: Oh, my gosh. Yeah. No, I don't, I, I feel like I do. I, I will have patients that will tell me I'll do a little, you know, people with back pain or things like that. I'll, I'll do a little bit and then I'll sit down and then I'll do a little bit and I'm not like that either. Uh, you know, for me, with my fibromyalgia, I knock myself out and then I conk out maybe on the couch or something and have to lay there for a little while to stretch out. But, yes, I, I knock myself out, you know,
Patient: The fig and this, it's just, and then I know
Nurse: You're used to working through things with fibromyalgia. So, you, that's what you're used to doing.
Patient: Right. And then I get to a point where, ok, [PHI-Personal], you just have to stop and I do, uh, because I can't move anymore.
Nurse: Exactly. Right. That's exactly how it works for me too. I just, and I am
Patient: Trying, when I'm starting to feel that it's really getting bad, I'm trying to stop then w where, instead, where I can hardly even walk. You know,
Nurse: I, I,
Patient: I am trying, you know, to pace myself. Now, tomorrow, I don't know if I'm going to make it, but I'm supposed to do a flea market. Uh, I only got one table this time but I, it, I really don't know if I'm gonna make it. I, I don't, it all all depends. I made the last one in April. But this time I'm feeling, I don't know, I'm just feeling worse. It could be. Maybe the virus is fighting me. I, I
Nurse: Don't know. Who knows. And with this, with the big amount of antibiotics, uh, that, that, that could be.
Patient: Yes. And she also said to me she wanted me to go back on Doxepin. I told her no.
Nurse: Yeah, I don't blame you. My gosh, you're on it more than you're off of it.
Patient: Yeah. I said, no, I got to give my stomach a break. She said, ok, we'll see what the numbers are, but maybe later in the fall or something she goes may do that and we may do both.
Nurse: Oh, gosh, ok.
Patient: You know. But like she says, I said, yeah, I'm working in the garden because it's a doac and you really can't be out in the sun at all, you know.
Nurse: Right. Yes. Yeah. So I
Patient: Said, no, he goes, ok and, and she goes, I'm just, and
Nurse: I had another one of her patients recently just tell me that she wanted him to go back on the Doxycycline. He has lime and he said, I told her I needed to wait a month or so because he plays music and he was gonna be playing outside and he said I just can't be sitting out there in the sun Doxycycline, you know? Right.
Patient: So, ok, well, we'll see how these numbers come back and then like in the fall. I, you know, because I'm hoping to get to my sisters, I haven't seen her in two years. But, oh, the problem is I'm not up to driving three hours. I'm just not up to it, you know, especially with the, uh, pain now in my arms. There's no way. So, but I'm working on that, you know, I'm working on that.
Nurse: Right. Right. So,
Patient: Uh, you know, so we'll see. So, telling me that he's getting some people that they have three and four different tick diseases.
Nurse: Oh, my gosh. I think, like I have patients that if they've gotten bitten by one tick, they, they're just the ticks just love them. I have these repeat patients. It seems like that get bit all the time and they'll say to me, I don't know. She, they, they'll say I can be outside with somebody else and they won't have any and I'll have three on me. Um, it's, it's strange.
Patient: Yeah. And what I did do, uh, the other day I did buy that stuff that hunters use and everything and I made 22 outfits, you know, so those are the outfits I use when I go in my garden and then I'm gonna
Nurse: Do. Mm. That's a good idea. Rather than spraying every darn thing you own. You know. That's a great idea.
Patient: And it lasts, it lasts for six weeks or three.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah. That's a good idea.
Patient: Yeah. So, every time, you know, if you wash it you don't have to re spray it six washings or it will last
Nurse: Weeks. Right. Right. That's a good idea. And
Patient: Then she said, but don't put it on the skin. So I put something else on my skin but I do my shoes. I do my socks. I do my hats. I do
Nurse: My shirt
Patient: And, uh, you know, but that's what I have to do.
Nurse: Yeah. Right. And that's, uh, I have some other patients that would benefit by doing that. I, I have a couple of men. They just, they don't seem to care, you know, they're, I mean, I'm not gonna do that every time, you know, things like that and it's,
Patient: It costs about $12 and the [PHI-Geographic] Four Outer and they buy it to Walmart and it's all. Which,
Nurse: Yeah. Ok.
Patient: It's a good
Nurse: Idea.
Patient: It does mosquitoes, chokes ticks, you know. So it's well worth that. They even gave, uh, Ken to the guy that does my road. Oh, you know, because he found a tick on em. So, uh, I said you have to spray your clothes and you have to let them hang out for two hours outside. So dry, even though they're dry before that. But you still got to give it two hours and four hours. If it's humid out, you got to leave them outside for four hours. Oh,
Nurse: Well, huh.
Patient: But, I mean, for six weeks it's well worth
Nurse: It. Right. I think so too. II, I would agree. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah. So, what I'm going to do is now I'm going to do a pair of dun or something. So, when I go walking. Mhm. Just put those on for
Nurse: Walking. Right. Yeah, that's a good idea.
Patient: I'm trying, you're
Nurse: Trying, uh, you sure do. I have to say that's for sure. You, it's, uh, been a lot of work. But I feel like you. I,
Patient: I know it. I just, they go outside and garden but I have to put my hat on. I gotta put this side. It's
Nurse: Really, you can't run out the door.
Patient: Right. And then I seen on the news yesterday, uh, a lady died from a tick disease. So I'm getting a stick. Right. And she died. She was, but she was like [PHI-Personal] something. Oh, boy. But then there was another guy this is on Connecticut because I get New York news and in Connecticut the same and, uh, another person he was in his [PHI-Personal] but they said, thank God he recovered. So there's, there's, uh, there, these ticks are integrating with each other and they're carrying more like, and they said that, that tick that killed her. And the other guy really sick was a tick that carries Lyme disease, but it wasn't, it was Lyme, but it was something else besides Lyme disease. But it was that kind of tick.
Nurse: Mhm. Jeez.
Patient: You know,
Nurse: They come up with something that would prevent it, you know, altogether. They have it for the dogs, you know.
Patient: Well, what, ok. Well, what I did see is, uh, that they are coming out with the vac with a shot. A vac. It's not a vaccination but it, it's like, uh, like a, uh, for COVID a shot.
Nurse: Oh, ok. Ok. Ok.
Patient: And what happened was, it really didn't work but they're working on the second one and they're hoping by next spring that it will work against tick diseases.
Nurse: Oh, ok.
Patient: Now, for me it may be too late but I would still get it, you know. But they are, they are working on it. The first one didn't work, but they are working on and they're trying to improve it and hopefully it will be out by next spring. So they are working on something.
Nurse: Oh, good. That's good.
Patient: Yeah. So that shows you, it's just,
Nurse: We're getting closer then, I guess,
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. I mean, ok, I'm gonna go,
Nurse: Well, I will send a message over if they get back to me next week, I'll give you a call back, but I think it'll probably be them and then I see you see [PHI-Personal] on the 12th [PHI-Personal]. So, if I don't talk to you, I'll probably give you a call after that just to check in. Ok. Yeah. Take it easy this weekend.
Patient: Yeah, because, well, he'll, he'll know my results because now I'll go for the blood work around the eighth [PHI-Personal] or something like that. Right. Ok.
Nurse: Good. That works out good. Yeah. Yeah,
Patient: Because we're disappointed my numbers hardly went down at all. But,
Nurse: Uh, right. Whatever, whatever, what can you do? Right.
Patient: That's it. Hang in there.
Nurse: Oh, hang in there. All right. Have a good weekend. Ok. You too. Take care. Thanks. Bye.
