Nurse: Good afternoon. This is [PHI-Personal]. How may I help
Patient: You? Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is, I, I was trying to use my sister's phone to call you and it, I couldn't hear you or anything and I, and it didn't go through or it didn't go through right or something. I don't know. Um, but, but I got your number back in my phone. I couldn't find it. I was like, what a little stress there.
Nurse: Yeah. So, how are you? What's going on?
Patient: Well, I've been having problems with my BP. I was in San Diego and I went there for a week and then I went to Phoenix and I was taking my BP and it was pretty high but I, I stayed on top with my medication. However, I got a, I have a question. The, um, um, I, I take metoprolol. Yep. Extended release. Uh huh. And I was wondering, um, [PHI-Personal], my daughter, she's a nurse and she was asking me questions, but I didn't know how to answer them and I was really good but she was concerned, she said she said maybe I'm supposed to just take it all like it, it was up, uh, to 50 mg because I was taking two, my prescription, my prescription, my prescription bottle says one. But I, we talked, we talked about this, um, before because the doctor wanted to up that and I don't know if you remember or not. Um, let me see and, and I guess she was wondering, like, I guess she thought I maybe should be taking two. at one time. Not because it's extended release, two at one time instead of taking one in the morning and one in the evening.
Nurse: I mean, we could, I'll definitely ask if that's what he wants you to do.
Patient: I just can't remember. I, you know what I, she said? No, it's probably, you know, you're supposed to take because he up the dose or, and, um, so her, her and, and I talked to [PHI-Personal] too. It just, so it sounded like I could be taking it wrong. Like I'm taking one extended release in the morning, one extended release at night instead of, instead of taking two. That's how,
Nurse: Yeah. So the order is written for one tablet twice a day, which would be one in the morning and one in the evening.
Patient: Oh, ok. Ok.
Nurse: You were taking it as, yeah, you were taking it as Doctor [PHI-Personal] recommended. Um, however, if they feel that they want to do something different, like, you know, if, if he recommends that you take the, um, a total of 50 mg like twice daily or I'm sorry, take a total of 50 mg. So that would be two pills one time a day then I can ask for that. Sure.
Patient: Oh, that would be great. That would be great because I, I got, I got confused. Um I know there's an extended release and then there's another type but I think that one is immediate release or you know what I mean? Like um yeah, I don't know. Um, it's because it's extended release then is it gonna work for 24 hours? You know,
Nurse: I mean, from what I understand, a lot of physicians do do it that way where, you know, they'll give you one pill once a day because it's extended release. But I have, I mean, I have seen a lot of prescriptions out there too where, um, even though it's gonna last you 24 hours, um, they'll do one in the morning and one in the evening to kind of keep your body still going with it. So that would maybe, you know, you get to the half life of the metoprolol and you end up, um, you know, having that. So I'm really not sure. That's a good question.
Patient: Yeah. So I'm not sure. Uh, my BP, um, I actually, I have, my sister has one here and I had one there and I think it's still packed. I haven't even been packed. So, um, um, I have a memory of it. But they're all, uh, you know, like on the, on the BP, it has a me, a memory and you can look back and see what your blood pressures were and they were, they were pretty high. Um, I, you know, I took my, me when I took my medicine, I, I laid down for a little while, you know, and just let it work and, you know, so, um, anyway, so I wanted to get back to you guys and find out. Yeah,
Nurse: My God. All right. Well, I will definitely send it over but can you give me some readings?
Patient: Um you know what? Oh I can give you. Let's see, I just did one and it was pretty good that see 1 30/96 that's as low as it's been ever. I mean, ok, this whole time the last two weeks, you know what? Let me go. I'll go open up my suitcase and get the BP cuff out.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah.
Patient: Ok, because then I can, I can give you the, the pattern or whatever. So, hey guys. Oh, I'm gonna put you on speaker phone. Ok. Right. Ok, because it is [PHI-Personal]. Can I call you right back? Mhm. Yeah. Take your time. I don't want, I don't want you to have to wait.
Nurse: Ok, no problem. Take
Patient: Your time. Ok, I'll be out of here in a while right back. Ok, thanks. Bye bye.
