Nurse: Thank you for calling the Care Management program. My name is [PHI-Personal]. How may I help you?
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal], it's [PHI-Personal] him. You left me a message a day or two ago. Ok.
Nurse: Can you verify your date of birth for me, please?
Patient: January 6th, 1945. Ok,
Nurse: Perfect. So the reason for my call is that you will qualify for doctor [PHI-Personal] program. And what that means is that you'll be able to receive a phone call from the doctor's [PHI-Personal] nurse and she'll call you in between your office visits to check in, see how you're doing. Make sure that everything is going ok and that you're doing well while she's on the phone with you. She'll document your responses and provide a direct report to doctor and those reports, help your doctor to stay up to date and be kept aware of anything that's going on so that she can monitor anything that you might be experiencing. If the doctor sees anything of concern in those reports, she'll make sure that you get immediate attention and it gets addressed at once and this will not replace your office visits, but I'm receiving the reports of your calls. Doctor will be better informed to perform a more comprehensive office visit as those occur. And the whole purpose of the program is to make sure that you're staying as safe and healthy as possible in between your office visits. And doctor values the opportunity to provide you with any additional support between your office visits through her care, management, nurse and the nurse can call you either once a month, once every two months, every three months or every six months. You also have the option of reaching out to your care nurse. If you do need any help with any medication refills, um any lab results or if you need to expedite appointments or if you have any questions and the program is a available service to [PHI-Personal], [PHI-Personal] Advantage and secondary insurances. So it may be subject to co to co insurance, deductibles and co pays. However, I do see that you qualify for the program with your [PHI-Personal] and United American insurance and the financial responsibility is the same as see your primary care doctor in office. However, you can receive more than one phone call in the month for the price of just the one office visit. And with traditional [PHI-Personal], it'll cover 80% of the cost while the remaining 20% will go to your secondary insurance.
Patient: Ok. Would you? So it's no cost to me? Yes.
Nurse: Um Do you typically have a copay when you do go to the office.
Patient: Um, hm, not when I go for, um, physicals, but I haven't been in for anything else in a while. So, I don't know, I don't know whether there is a copay. I don't think there
Nurse: Is. Ok. So, like I said, um, [PHI-Personal] will cover the 80%. The second will go, the, the 20% will go to United American Insurance. And, um, if there is like a copay or anything and it's, it becomes a little too much or anything like that, you can opt out at any time with the care nurse and you can also adjust your call frequency as well. Ok. Would you prefer morning or afternoon calls from the care nurse?
Patient: Uh, I would say mornings probably is better. Ok.
Nurse: And then I'll be sending you some additional information and I'll also have your nurses contact information in there as well. And the mailing address that I have on file is [PHI-Geographic] in Orange Connecticut, 06477. Is that correct? Yes. Ok. So, like I said, I'll send you out some additional information and then, um, the care nurse, she's gonna reach out to you within the next couple weeks to touch base and introduce yourself. Ok.
Patient: Sure. Ok.
Nurse: Do you have any questions?
Patient: No.
Nurse: All right. Well, [PHI-Personal], thank you so much for returning my call and I hope that you have a wonderful rest of your
Patient: Day. Thanks [PHI-Personal]. You too.
Nurse: Take care. Ok. Mhm. Bye bye.
