Nurse: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Yes. Calling.
Nurse: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. How are you?
Patient: I think. Pretty good.
Nurse: Wonderful. I did. Yeah, I, both. You and your wife? I called you both
Patient: Didn't get to the phone quite fast enough.
Nurse: That's ok. That's all right. I just calling to check in, see how you've been doing since I talked with you last month.
Patient: Well, I think I'm doing all right. I'm good. Slowly gaining a little bit of weight
Nurse: You're slowly getting. Do you think it's fluid?
Patient: I don't think so. Ok. I, I don't think it is so I did notice that my, uh, ankles seem to be bigger but it doesn't seem to be like fluid where you, you know, press on them and you get a white. I did. It doesn't, that doesn't happen. Now, why are they? I don't know. May, maybe it's, maybe I'm getting, uh, you got enough exercise. Yeah, the wife says I don't get enough exercise. Ok. But,
Nurse: Um, are you having any shortness of breath at all?
Patient: Mm. I don't think so. Ok. No, now she's laughing. I don't know what she
Nurse: Do. You feel like? Do you feel like you get more winded? When you walk than maybe previously.
Patient: No, I don't think that there's any difference there. No, I, I, you know, I don't really have any concern about it except, I don't know why, uh, the bottom of my legs or whatever, not the legs, but right around the ankle area. And I, I'm wondering if it might be, uh, yeah, arthritis. I don't know. Does it, would that cause it to get, like, larger?
Nurse: I mean, your joints will definitely swell if your arthritis is, um, flared up. Um, are you having pain because it would be painful?
Patient: No, I, I don't have pain in the ankles. I have pain in my one arm. I, I have arthritis and, and, uh, in my shoulder, which is something we're gonna have to, uh, address when I get back
Nurse: Left or right shoulder
Patient: Left.
Nurse: Ok. Do you see a, uh, orthopedic here at home?
Patient: Uh, I've seen one in [PHI-Personal] before we left. You had x rays? I had x rays.
Nurse: Yeah. Oh, ok. Now, did they discuss with you the, the, um, possibility of surgery or anything?
Patient: Well, send it there, basically it was bone on bone. Ok. So maybe that injection would help. Um, they really didn't discuss, uh, surgery. So, uh, when we get back we have to, I think, come up with something or try to. Ok.
Nurse: Did they give you an injection when you were there?
Patient: Did they give me, what
Nurse: Did they give you an inject that's ok. Did they give you an, uh, injection in the shoulder?
Patient: No, I, I really didn't want one. I, I don't really want one but if that's what I must do I have to do it. Uh, I, as long as I keep a patch or two on my arm like that, so I can't think of the name of them now.
Nurse: So, like a salon pot or a,
Patient: Yeah, it's on, yeah. As long as I keep one or two of them patches on my shoulder and take a Tylenol twice a day. No, it's actually my arm. I, I don't, it's bolo me. I don't know there's a spot in there. That's sore.
Nurse: Ok. So, um, when do you guys come home,
Patient: Uh, in about three weeks?
Nurse: Ok. Um All right. So back to this gaining weight. Are you weighing yourself every day? Yes. Ok. What was your weight yesterday? Ok. Um, uh, let's go back four days. Let's go back four days, the last four days. Ok. Then I'm gonna start Tuesday 3 14. It was 1 [PHI-Account].8 there. He lost 1.8 from the day before. Ok. Wednesday was 1 [PHI-Account].8. It stayed the same Thursday yesterday. 1 [PHI-Account].4 he lost 0.4 and this morning it was 1 85.8. Again of 1.4. Ok. What did you have for supper yesterday?
Patient: Yesterday? Yeah, last night. [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Ok, so it could be the sodium that was in, that, that gave him that weight gain. Um, you know, it could have been. What did you have for lunch? Hm.
Patient: Got some leftovers. I can't remember what it was. Ok. He was a, um, got a frog in my throat this morning. Oh, that's ok. It was, uh, just a little bit of [PHI-Personal] beans. When I say a little bit about three tablespoons. Maybe a [PHI-Personal] beans, little fish, uh, a little piece of fish.
Nurse: Was it fried or
Patient: It was fried? It was fried? And, uh, I'm trying to think what it was. It was a little bit of pasta or a little bit of, of, uh, hm. What was that? Oh, no, no, no. It was uh, a few French fries. About a dozen.
Nurse: So that's probably where your weight gain came from. Um, because it's, you know, there's, there's sodium and all of that. So sodium makes you retain fluid. That would be my guess. You're not having, you don't have any edema in your legs. Um, you don't have any shortness of breath. Does your abdomen feel distended? Hard? Does it feel different?
Patient: No, I'm just getting a belly on me again. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. So if it was, if I, my concern for fluid would be all of those things, that weight gain of, of 1.4 lbs is, it's not super concerning if you had a weight gain of, you know, three lbs and you were feeling a little short of breath, you were feeling a little bit more winded, maybe your abdomen felt kinda tight and, you know, um, hard you notice edema in your legs. Those are all the things that concern me for fluid. Um, a, a small weight gain like that. That can be typical. It could have been something as simple as you ate more yesterday than you have in the last few days. Um, it's, you know, it's more so that like three lb weight gain in 24 hours with symptoms. That's concerning. I'm not concerned with that right now. Now, definitely will you wanna keep an eye on it if you continue to go up, like say tomorrow you're, you know, you gain another pound and a half, you know, and then the next day you gain another pound, then that's gonna be concerning because, you know, there's a continuous fluctuation of, of weight there or increase in weight. But considering Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, you were pretty much the same. Yeah, I'm not too concerned with that. Do you wear compression stockings? No. Ok. So if you feel your ankles are feeling a little bit swollen, that's gonna be typical for somebody, you know, um, because you are on the la or on fluid medication, just get them elevated, you know, definitely wanna get up, try, try to walk around at least once an hour as soon as you're done walking around, get those feet elevated. Um, so that's a little bit easier for your, you know, heart to pump all that fluid out of there.
Patient: Right. Yeah. Ok. Well, I do, I have a, I have a pillow in my bed at the wrong end. Yeah, I have a pillow at the upper end of pillow at the bottom. So, so at night at night I have my feet up on a pillow.
Nurse: Yeah. Well, that's good. If you have like a recliner at home, you know, just sitting in that with your feet elevated is good. Um, just so they're not dangling down straight because then the fluid is gonna collect naturally, just collect down in, in your ankles, you know. Yeah. Sounds. Um, and then of course, again, diet, you know, really watching that sodium intake, um, you know, fried fatty foods, that's all gonna cause a little bit of weight gain. The sodium that's in that sodium that comes in, you know, anything canned vegetables, soups, sauces condiments. Yeah, that all has sodium. So, just really monitoring how much of that you're having a day
Patient: When I, when I ate them [PHI-Personal] beans. I really, I noticed that. I thought it, I noticed, uh, uh, stopped. Ok. II I thought they were a little salty side. Now I notice that much quicker than I did. Ok. I get it. It's so to speak. I notice it right away. So. Well, I guess because I try to stay away from it. Mhm. That's why it is. But uh I noticed when I ate them [PHI-Personal] beans, I thought to myself, I'm not sure this is a good idea because I just, I just felt that the, the sodium was a little high.
Nurse: Yeah. And it's going to be in anything canned, fresh or frozen is good because I don't think they so much put sodium in the frozen uh like you can get those bags of steam vegetables. Those are good, you know, those are great. You can do those. You can do the fresh vegetables. If you do eat the canned vegetables, you can try and rinse them. So dump them out, you know, in a strainer, rinse them, they're still gonna have sodium in there because it just vegetables gonna soak the sodium up in the can. But at least you can try and rinse, you know, some of the juice off of it. Um and maybe instead of putting butter on them, you know, maybe a little olive oil will be better. Um And then you can always do seasonings like Mrs [PHI-Personal] has heart healthy seasonings where it doesn't have sodium in there. It but it's just um just seasoning but no sodium, you know, no salt in it.
Patient: II I do confess that them, the fish and the, and the, the [PHI-Personal] bean uh it it, it was very small amount but uh the fish was fried lightly, I would say lightly. It wasn't dark and, and it it came from, what's the name? Captain? D we were Captain night before and the wife got [PHI-Personal] and she didn't like them. So we brought him home, we brought him home and then I ate him yesterday for lunch. Mhm. I, I, yeah,
Nurse: And that's ok. And I'm not saying you have to eat cardboard all the time. Just monitor how much, you know, everything in moderation is good. You know, you definitely wanna enjoy your food and enjoy your meals for sure. But just like I said, things in moderation if you have something salty for, for lunch, you know, maybe trying to have something a little better at suppertime or, you know what I mean? Pick, pick a meal that, um. Right. Yeah. I don't know. Maybe just eating this,
Patient: This is a, this is a pro one of the problems with our world. They, they use too much salt in, in, in everything
Nurse: For everything's processed anymore. That's the problem too, you know, convenient. It, they, they make everything convenient foods instead of, you know, instead of actually taking the time to cook the meal from fresh foods. Yeah, everything's processed, boxed canned, frozen so that you can just very easily cook it. Yeah. Right. Yeah. But it does, it definitely causes a lot of problem. All the preservatives they put in our food. Oh, my gosh. Yeah, that's, that's, I think, I think me going to nursing school so many years ago when my kids were real small, was, it was such an eye opener and I, I changed the way I fed my kids so much after that because we had to take a nutrition class. It's scary. It's scary to think some of these Children who, you know, more so take care of themselves or, you know, the parents. Yeah, just buy all frozen foods or, or, you know, and these kids, that's all they're eating. Oh, my gosh. It's just so sad. It's so sad.
Patient: Well, you know, maybe that's why we have so much trouble with the young people today.
Nurse: Oh, I definitely, I guarantee
Patient: People, me, I'm not the broad brush but, you know, with all the stuff that's going on on the streets. Um, the, the, these kids, most of them are living on their own so they're eating crap.
Nurse: Yep. Yep. They're left to their own devices and it's so sad. Uh, it's so sad. And, yeah, we have in our town, a lot of the, the churches on the corners have those, um, like little glass boxes where you can, you know, put food, like, non perishables in there for, you know, people in need, they can take them and, um, and there's this one church down the other end of town and it's the same three kids that are there all the time getting food from this little box. And I feel terrible, you know, but then I also think, like, sorry, I'm totally going down the rabbit hole with this. But, you know, all these, these lower income families get food stamps, which is great.
Patient: Yeah.
Nurse: But they get so much of it and they should be eating very well. But they don't, you know, they spend it, they still spend it on all the junk food. It drives me crazy. Drives me crazy anyway. Sorry, I totally got off topic there.
Patient: They're spending it on the wrong
Nurse: Thing. They are. It's, yeah, it's sad.
Patient: Yeah. Ok. Well, no, basically I think I'm doing pretty good when we get back. There's things that I need to, um, address. Definitely. I, I know when I get back I don't have my list in front of me, but I know I have quite a few things coming up in [PHI-Personal]. Uh, I think a colonoscopy coming up and I have, well, that's not in [PHI-Personal]. Ok. But I know that some of those things are scheduled and, uh, so, but as far as, as, uh, here, I, I think I'm getting along. Well.
Nurse: Good. That's wonderful. I'm great. I hope you guys had a wonderful, um, time down there. How's the weather today?
Patient: It's just a little bit on the chilly side. I believe we're looking at, uh, well, compared to what it was. Mhm. Well, bring it up here quick right
Nurse: Now. The [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal]. It is full sun [PHI-Personal]. Oh, I could, I could get on board with that. It's only 41 and ra, here. So it, it, to be a high as [PHI-Account]. Oh. And what part of [PHI-Geographic] are you guys at? Ok.
Patient: Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. The
Patient: Middle of the state and it's, it's exactly middle of the state, so to speak. It's, uh, [PHI-Geographic] of [PHI-Geographic] [PHI-Geographic] of [PHI-Geographic]. It's, um, an hour and 20 minutes [PHI-Geographic]. Ok. We're, we're just, uh,
Nurse: Yeah, that's really nice. That's great. So glad you guys, you know, are able to do that and, and go down, how, what time or what part of the year do you guys go down like [PHI-Personal] or later? No,
Patient: No, we go down in Jan, [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Nice. Well, that's wonderful. That's wonderful. Well, um, I will follow up with you then, um, after you come home and, and do some of your appointments, if you need anything before that don't hesitate to reach out. Ok. All right. Well, you guys enjoy the rest of your time down there. If I don't talk with you before Easter. [PHI-Personal].
Patient: You too.
Nurse: Thank you so much. You guys take care. Bye bye. Thanks. Bye bye.
