Nurse: Good afternoon. This is,
Patient: Hi, it's [PHI-Personal] again. Did you get my message
Nurse: Um about the G I office not having an appointment until [PHI-Personal] that one. Yeah. Yeah. I
Patient: Uh meanwhile doctor called me herself and she told me to um I told her I was taking that um Miralax. Mhm. Um The [PHI-Personal]. It's a generic name and she told me to get that magnesium citrate. I've tried that before and that stuff makes me just explode real bad. At least that's what it did when I had to do for my colonoscopy. But my question is is I forgot to ask her and I was on hold forever when I called back to leave a message is it says to take 18 ounce. That's what I've been doing once a day. I meant to ask her should because it it takes 2 to 4 days for it to start working
Nurse: Of the magnesium or the Miralax,
Patient: The Miralax [PHI-Personal], whatever, right?
Nurse: Um Yeah, so the Miralax can be, it's just like what typical dose is like a capful which is 17 g mixed into the 18 ounce liquid of your choice. Um You can take it twice a day. Uh, but then same with the other magnesium citrate is the risk of just completely washing your system out when it does take effect. Right. So, um, I mean, if you're still,
Patient: She's, I guess she's trying to get me to go as, as quick as possible.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, because we don't want you to be impacted too long, definitely causes a lot of pain and, you know, risk of bowel rupture and things like that. That's why I
Patient: Didn't know if I could take this [PHI-Personal] more than once a day. Even though it says 18 ounce a day. Yeah, I've been
Nurse: Doing, yeah, I mean, if you, you know, if you wanna start doing like an every other day, do a second dose, um, until you do have that bowel movement, um, that wouldn't harm you. Yeah. But
Patient: Just because the magnesium citrate is a clear bottle and you just drink it down. She says it comes in four ounces but I've never seen in four ounces. I've seen it in 10 ounces.
Nurse: Um, hm, I am trying to see, yeah, typical. It's just the four ounce bottles.
Patient: But, um, like, I, I think that stuff, like, works within like, 15
Nurse: Minutes. Yeah, that's quicker. Definitely.
Patient: And it's, they use that for colonoscopies also. So.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah, I used that before, uh, when I had my colonoscopy and, oh, my God, I could barely make it to the, to the bathroom.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, it's definitely a much quicker acting. The Miralax is more of just a maintenance dose of a stool softener. Um, so if she's ok with you taking that magnesium, I mean, it, it definitely wouldn't be a bad idea, um, to go ahead and give that a try, but you can start out doing like a half a dose, you know. Um, since you've already got everything else in your system trying to avoid that loose stool, you know.
Patient: Yeah. Well, I just didn't know I'm like a 18 ounce capsule filling up with a glass of water and I just put a little bit of lemon in it to take the taste away. And it's just, I takes like 3 to 4 days and it's like, ok, well, I says, and I meant to ask her, can I take it more than once a day? Can I take it twice a day?
Nurse: Mhm. Yeah. It, and like I said, it can safe safely be taken twice a day. Um, but it sounds like what would be better for you right now is to try that magnesium citrate and then when things get back to normal, maybe stick to the Miralax on a routine regimen of every day or every other day, depending on, um, how that bowel regimen works itself out.
Patient: Yeah, because she wants me to call her within like two days to see how I'm doing. Yeah. And she said if we have to, we'll put you on something, um, permanently. Ok. Yeah, she's because I told her I have a G I doctors. I called her and her appointment was until 06 and I said there's other doctors there but they won't let me see them because I'm her patient. She says that she says that's ridiculous. She says you should be able to see any doctor in that firm. I just, not that what they told me.
Nurse: Yeah. Typically once you're established with the practice, the providers are ok with you having, you know, being seen by a coworker. But I, I guess that might just be their practice protocol or her preference just to,
Patient: And then she wanted to know what happened at the hospital, which I told her that you, you went ahead and got the, you, you went ahead and requested the, uh, test, but I filled her in just like I did you. Ok? I know. But I mean, yeah, he said was your kidney? Ok though. I said, yeah, it was just in, in whatever I told you was, uh, but it, they didn't seem a problem. They said they think it's genetic
Nurse: Previous.
Patient: Yeah. And when I looked through my chart back in 1920 2021 I noticed in there it had said the same thing. So somewhere along the line, whether it was blood work or an ultrasound or something, it showed the same thing I don't remember ever having an ultrasound for that. But she said she did order me a bunch of blood work, which she did. Mhm. And to make sure I get that done, which I told her I go for, for that. Um, because there's a lot of stuff she ordered, I guess for that. But she was very, and she wasn't very happy when I told her about the emergency room
Nurse: Situation, the treatment I got over
Patient: There, the treatment. She's like the doctor. I just asked the doctor. I know I don't have a bowel instruction but about, did you see any bowel up there? And she said that's between your no doctor. She just couldn't believe, you know, she said, why didn't you go to more implant? I said because I'm not PPO so and that's why I was trying to call back to leave me a message to ask her. But you just answered my question. And also, I mean, I'm not gonna take this magnesium citrate this late in the day now because I just go in. Yeah,
Nurse: That would be miserable through the night. Uh huh. But yeah, give that a try. I was gonna follow back up with you. I'm keep checking your chart to make sure that there wasn't an update from doctor. So I'm glad that she got a hold of you herself. She just didn't get a note in there yet. But yeah, I'm gonna, I had planned on calling you back tomorrow.
Patient: She had she said, a different nurse. I'm like, no, no. And then I told her and then she says, ok, ok. And then she remembered,
Nurse: Yeah, and Nicole had reached out as well and then I was following up with you. So that may have been it. But, but yeah, um, try that tomorrow, I guess. Then, um, like I
Patient: Told her, I'm, I'm trying to hold off on them. I told her, I said I'm trying to avoid this citrate because I know what it does to me. Yeah. Yeah. And it, it gave me really bad pain to my stomach when I took it. Yeah. But, and then she said after that followed by a fleet. I said, oh no, I told her, I'm sorry, I took enough sweets. I said I've done enough and then we found out I'm not eating enough [PHI-Personal]. She said because I don't like, I like Cheerios but I like the honey nut Cheerios and she says that's not enough
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. Yeah.
Patient: And then she told me how about [PHI-Personal], which I like [PHI-Personal]? Ok. Good. So, but I mean, is it my question was she told me to take a four ounce bottle and only I'm only seeing online and it comes in 10 ounce bottles and I, I drink out that whole 10 ounce bottle. I'm gonna explode.
Nurse: Oh, no, no. Yeah. If you get, if you can only find the supply of the 10 ounce bottle, then just do a little bit less than half of it and you'll be, yeah, that'll be a plenty enough dose. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Yeah. She didn't ask me about the sex or anything. So, yeah, I think she, she was just checking on me, you know, she's a very good doctor. She
Nurse: Is, she always calls her patients and checks in on everyone. She's very dedicated like that. So, I've been,
Patient: Well, I've been with her since [PHI-Account] something, [PHI-Personal] something.
Nurse: Yes. Yes, you are not alone with that. A lot of her patients have just been long standing with her and I even have a patient that um moved to [PHI-Geographic] and she still comes back to see doctor just so she doesn't have to establish with another doctor. Oh, yeah. I said, well, that really speaks volume as to how her care is for her patients. So that's amazing.
Patient: Oh yeah. All the plaque on her wall. But, ok, I, I was gonna take it again around seven but then my fiance's like you better call some before you start taking this twice a day. It only says once
Nurse: A day. Yeah. I mean, if you wanna try the Miralax again later on today, see if that gives you any relief. If not by like late morning, you know, when you're up and about tomorrow, um then try that half a dose of the magnesium. Ok. All right. All right. And then just have those good electrolyte fluids. On hand to replace everything in case you do have that one. Yeah. Ok. Ok, thank you. Alright. Yes ma'am you take care. Bye bye bye.
