Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal], how you doing? Uh, he, he, he doesn't take those anymore?
Nurse: Ok. Got you. No problem. I think I got it figured out but let him know I sent the prescriptions over.
Patient: Ok. Oh, ok, great. Great. And what, when, um, what was that gonna interfere with,
Nurse: Um, you know, it looks like I was just checking to see if he had been on it before. Um, but I looked back and it looks like ni did prescribe them together. So it's not that they interfere, it's just that they're kind of like the same medication. So I just wanted to clarify if he had been on them for a while, but I think I straightened it out. Looks like it's, it's fine, looks like has had it like that. So, um, shouldn't be a problem. Ok. Yeah, he's
Patient: Got a whole, a whole, a bottle, plus some of the other one. Now, what do I do with these here, you know, to get rid of them? Uh, I
Nurse: Don't, you mean, like, like leftover pills? Yeah, that you're not using, um, you know, usually the hospital I know, like, for example, near me um, they have like, a drop off where you can put, like, unused prescriptions and they, like, will just dispose of them, you know, in a, like, you know, because you don't want to get into, like, the water table and all that when you put in
Patient: The. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. I don't, I don't like doing that. I know up north we had something but not, not, I don't know what boat down here. Yeah.
Nurse: Like where? Because y'all are in what area are in. I was just gonna look real quick. Uh,
Patient: [PHI-Geographic].
Nurse: [PHI-Geographic]. Come on computer. Um, yes, a new property. So you're near what hospital,
Patient: The [PHI-Personal] or?
Nurse: Yeah, that's probably a good one. Let's see. Probably. Does it [PHI-Personal] prescription drop off? Yeah, usually it's like a drop off box that you just like, drop it in? Yeah, let me see because I, I'm just googling it real quick.
Patient: I mean, I don't wanna keep you.
Nurse: No, you're fine. I mean, I don't wanna keep you either but I was just gonna see real quick if it says anything on here. Uh, yeah, let's see. You gu special pharmacy services, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, pediatricians, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, uh, like a proper disposal. You shouldn't take your, you can be. Oh, yeah, let me see. Yeah. Uh, you should take your medications, check your local trash. Yeah, it, uh, I guess it doesn't, they don't mention that they have one there. But I will say, um looks like the FDA says here that as long as you remove the drugs from the original containers, it says to um it says, well, uh this is a lot but it says to mix it with something undesirable, like coffee grounds dirt or, and then it says, um to make it less appealing to Children. I mean, that's a lot. But it just says you put it in something that's sealed. Uh let's see and then put in something you can close to prevent it from spilling out and then you can throw it in in the garbage and it just says scratch out all personal information. So I think as long as you put in like a yeah as long as you put in like a Ziploc bag or something like that
Patient: We used to drop it off at the police department. Yeah uh thing there we used to drop them off there.
Nurse: Yeah I think everything is a little different. Yeah, exactly. It is nice to have those like drop off boxes and I'm sure there is one in your area it's just you know, something I have to look into um but yeah that that should be good but yeah um excellent dear. Yeah, so I'll let him know that all those prescriptions at the cvs Caremark and it'll be uh for 90 days with one refill. Ok? Another
Patient: Three months. Alright, thank you so very much you have a great day. You too. Thank you. Bye bye bye.
