Nurse: Good morning. This is [PHI-Personal]. Can I help you?
Patient: Yes. Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal] calling regarding my husband, [PHI-Personal]. You had called the other day and we weren't able to get back to you until today. Um, so, uh, what did you want? I guess is what I need to know.
Nurse: Ok, hold on one second. Let me just pull them up here. This is [PHI-Personal]. Oh, calling, I'm his nurse, case manager on behalf of doctor [PHI-Personal] office. So I was calling to check in with them. See how things are going. Does he need any medication refills?
Patient: I just took care of the medication refill. It never got sent over to [PHI-Personal]. But we finally, since [PHI-Personal] the [PHI-Personal], we finally got it over to [PHI-Personal]. So it's on its way. So, um,
Nurse: Which medication was that for? That
Patient: Was his glipiZIDE? Oh, jeez. And his sugar is doing a lot better. I don't know the exact number of, um, his Lantus that he's taking, but I know that he has dropped it down from, he was in the forties and I know he's down into the thirties now and it's really, yes, it's holding really well, he's doing well as far as that's concerned
Nurse: And this is what the glipiZIDE. Yes. All right. Let me just note that. That's wonderful. Let's see. Now this young man has an upcoming appointment for labs on [PHI-Personal]. Correct? And with the doctor on June [PHI-Personal]. Correct? Ok. And let's see here he was at podiatry.
Patient: Yes, just last week.
Nurse: Ok. So he's keeping up on everything, huh? Yes. Wonderful. And he's already had his wellness. He's on the ball, huh? Well,
Patient: For some things, he's a very, very, very stubborn person and he doesn't wanna do something. He's not gonna do it. You
Nurse: Gave him just go for the [PHI-Personal]
Patient: [PHI-Personal]? I think. So. You gave him all that helpful information about his pain in his leg, different things to try. It's all the same things I've been asking him to try for months. He hasn't done it and I don't think he's gonna bother. He'd rather just deal with the pain, I guess. Hm. And you were going to set up an orthopedic appointment? Well,
Nurse: I asked him, uh, let me just see here because I sent him o I think I sent the thing over for a referral. Um, yeah, they did a referral for him.
Patient: Oh, we've never heard anything.
Nurse: Oh, they didn't? Ok. Yeah.
Patient: Now we were without phone for 18 days. So that may have something to do with it from
Nurse: He, um, referral, please. Patient, which just to transfer to up MC Ortho, that's what I sent them. Ok. And so they have done the referral for you so you can call up MC Ortho and make an appointment. Ok. Ok. Um, yes, I thought that you had known about that. I thought that they would have notified you.
Patient: Well, like I say, from the [PHI-Personal] of [PHI-Personal] until the [PHI-Personal] or something like that, we were without a phone and, uh, we finally got that taken care of after numerous phone calls and numerous. Oh, it's just a mess. But
Nurse: It's amazing, isn't it like, you know, you know what it takes anymore? You
Patient: Talked to one person? Oh, I think it's probably this, we'll send somebody out. Well, I guess they sent somebody out because we saw the truck drive by. Did anybody stop at the house? Oh, no. So we still didn't have phone. I called again. 000, no, there's, there's an outage in your area and yet two days before there was no outage in my area. And so finally on a Saturday, this man came from the phone company and he said they sent me out here. Nobody can find your problem. He was not here 15 minutes. We had phone service. Oh,
Nurse: Lord. Yeah.
Patient: But you don't need to hear about that. We, I called you but that's why apparently I'm not hearing from people because they probably tried to get a hold of me and, and couldn't.
Nurse: So. Oh, no. Don't worry about it. Like, listen, I don't care, you want to vent, vent because I get it, you know, I get it. Yes, you are free to call the Ortho and set up an appointment. Ok. The P
Patient: MC. Do you recommend anybody over there
Nurse: Now? I don't know them in particular. Um, you know, uh, let me just see here. Let me see what I can find out for you. I mean, what I personally do, um, if I have to go, you know, to a specialist or anything, um, I kinda like to look them up. Is this, do you wanna go to the one on [PHI-Geographic]
Patient: On [PHI-Geographic]?
Nurse: Yeah. P MC orthopedics, [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Is that the one that you want?
Patient: Well, I don't care who we see as long as it's with the UP MC,
Nurse: Right? Ok.
Patient: So I don't, I don't know exactly where one, so that's, that's out by um [PHI-Geographic], isn't it? Is that [PHI-Geographic] that way? Oh, it doesn't matter. I'll find
Nurse: It. Ok, so I'm gonna give you their phone number. Ok, great. I'm ready. It's 570. Yep. [PHI-Account]. Ok. 2 O2 0.
Patient: Oh, that's easy enough. Ok.
Nurse: Now let me just see here. I'm just looking to see, I just wanna see it's the, um, that's true. I just wanna look at their addresses like I'm looking at the orthopedics.
Patient: Ok. Well, I, I
Nurse: Can find guy is on [PHI-Geographic]. Um, his name is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: Um I found him, let me check out his credentials for you. Ok. Um he's, he's like uh in chief Division of Adult Reconstruction. Um He sees Children, adolescent adult and older adults. Um, his rating is a uh 4.7 out of 50, that's great. Ok. And then he has like multiple fives that he was kind showed understanding he was direct about his diagnosis but not harsh, um very thorough and answering questions and explaining bedside manner was superior. So it all
Patient: Sounds great.
Nurse: Ok,
Patient: Because we have one from vascular surgery now that we do not think very much of although we've only been to him
Nurse: Once and, you know, sometimes those first impressions like, and you know, I get it, I went to, um when I graduated nursing school, I did something to my left leg one day and I still have no clue till this day what it was. So I'm, I'm at this orthopedic that I was seeing at a facility and nobody can figure this out. It's like the mystery. And until this day, it's still a mystery. I was barely walking the my anterior muscle in my lower leg swelled out about three inches. Oh my. And it stayed like that and the pain was unbearable and nobody was giving me anything for pain. So these doctors put me through, they had me at oncology, they had me at, they did compartment syndrome testing. They did so much testing till this day. Nobody figured it out. Huh? One time I went to a podiatrist and she put me in a boot. Well, after being in the boot the pain went away. Ohh, my. Yeah. And this went on and on and on and on. So, I'm like, ok, I'm not getting any answers here. Mm. Obviously. I mean, I had bad knees, you know, for years. So then the other knee starts bothering me really bad. And again, I have nothing for pain, nothing's touching the pain. And I'm not a person who takes pain medication. So if I do take it, I don't care what it is, it should help me because I don't take things like that. Right. Well, I'm at this doctor's office and now he's my orthopedic for like three years at this time and I'm in tears. I'm like, listen to me, I am not sleeping. I am barely walking like something is going on. It's just arthritis, it's just arthritis, it's just arthritis. He's telling me I'm like, oh my God, I said, can't you do an MRI can't? I said something is going on and I said, listen to me, he had me so aggravated. I said, listen to me, I am a nurse. Do you think, I don't know the difference between arthritis, pain and tearing or something? And I never went back to him. I tore into him and never went back to him. Oh, ok. Started seeing a new orthopedic and he remained my orthopedic. Like he tried different things. Like, whenever the other orthopedic would give me an injection, it wouldn't help. And, uh, this doctor, like, sat and he went over everything with me and his demeanor and everything was like, he's just, like, so intelligent and, you know, he gave me statistics. I had asked him about gel injections, he gave me statistics on them and how he felt about them and a percentage of his patients that's like they actually helped etcetera. Here. I had a torn meniscus. Mm. Yeah. So he went in, he cleaned it out, you know, and then he remained, he remains, I mean, he just gave me two new knees last year. But, um, he's one, like, I'm in [PHI-Geographic]. So he's just literally the only orthopedic guy will let near me.
Patient: Mhm. I can understand
Nurse: That. And the other two that he works with, I can't stand the sight of them. 00, my good. And he knows it and he knows it right. And I'll always go in there and be like, hey, doctor and the other two know, I hate them. Yeah. Just from, you know, different experiences with family members and so forth, you know. Mm. And I'll be like, oh, the man, the myth, the legend. And he's like, oh, my God, he's like, you're so funny. But, but, you know, you got to, like, when you have a first impression of somebody, especially a doctor or, you know, any kind of medical professional. Right to me. If that person isn't looking at me in the eyes when they're talking to me, if I get a feeling that, like, they don't know what they're talking about or they're unsure or, you know, because logically if there's something going on, like, with your husband's leg, right. Mhm. If there's something going on and a doctor isn't 100% what it is, you know, a doctor is gonna say to you, listen, I'm not 100% but here's what we're gonna do, right? You know what I mean? We're gonna do this testing, that testing, we're gonna do an x-ray, we're gonna, you know, if nothing shows on that, we're gonna do ac A T scan because you have to go in order from, you know what the insurance is allowed. Yeah.
Patient: So, so that's, that's how our vascular surgeon was before the one that we had, but he left and moved back to [PHI-Geographic] and we miss him terribly because from the first time we met him, we just knew it was a perfect match and he, he gave [PHI-Personal] the bypasses. He did bypasses on both of his legs and things were going well. Well, now this guy disagrees with everything that doctor had left behind to what he wanted to do, but he never even touched [PHI-Personal]. He didn't look at his leg, nothing he just sat there with his arms folded and said, you don't need to have this procedure done that he wanted to have done. So, just come back in six months and we'll run the uh m uh not MRI, I don't know whatever it is that checks the blood flow and we'll go from there. He says, and then,
Nurse: So [PHI-Personal], so he also needs a new vascular.
Patient: Yeah. Well, we went to this Doctor [PHI-Personal], but he doesn't wanna go back to him. I said, give him the chance one more time to do the test on you and talk about that test and then go from there and then if we don't feel any better about him because he is, he's new to the whole system. And here's
Nurse: What I recommend, I recommend you go to see this orthopedic, right? Yep, into orthopedics. Um and you talk to them, ok. So they're gonna, and then you say, you know, what can you recommend a vascular surgeon? Ok. Because an orthopedic, you know, a doctor is not going to refer you to someone that they don't have faith in, right. You know what I mean? So that's the way that I look at it.
Patient: Yeah, he had talked to his podiatrist about this vascular surgeon and she said, oh, he's so new. I don't know anything about him yet. She's the one that sent us to um doctor for the original vascular surgeons and surgeries and everything. So, that was just great, but she couldn't help us on Doctor [PHI-Personal]. So, all right, we, we will check with that orthopedist then and see what he
Nurse: Recommends. And you tell [PHI-Personal], I said you better start doing those things that I told him with his legs.
Patient: Well, I can tell him,
Nurse: Tell him I am [PHI-Personal] ft and don't make me come down there because I have new knees. Oh, yes,
Patient: I need a good work out, don't they? So well, you certainly have frightened my spirit. I'll tell you, I appreciate talking to
Nurse: You. So like if you need anything, you have a question about anything, whatever the case is, just call me, you know, you can call any time doesn't matter. Ok. All right. And next month when I call to check in, we'll follow up and see like, you know how you're getting with this orthopedic and so forth. Um, you know, and if you kind of need like, um, like say they're like three months out or whatever, you know, just call and I'll see if the doctor will, you know, if the office will give them a call and say, hey, you know, patient kinda needs to be seen sooner. They're having a lot of problems because sometimes that'll work. All right. Ok.
Patient: Yep. Alright, wonderful. Alright, thank you. Have a, oh,
Nurse: You're welcome and have a great rest of the day.
Patient: Ok. Bye bye now. Bye.
