Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Yeah. Uh, I just had a phone call from you.
Nurse: Um, can I have your name, please? My
Patient: Name is [PHI-Personal] Led. What office is this? Do you know?
Nurse: Um, I'm calling on behalf of doctor. Are you the contact? Are you the contact for [PHI-Personal]? Yes, I am. Ok. Yeah, I was calling to talk to you to talk to someone about, um, getting him set up with a care management nurse.
Patient: Uh, what's that?
Nurse: Ok. Yeah. No, I can give you the information. Um, I just need to tell you real quick that this call is gonna be recorded for training purposes. Ok. Ok. Yeah. So, um, the physicians within Temple started offering their [PHI-Personal] patients a new program called Care Management. So, with that [PHI-Personal] or you, if you speak for him would get a phone call every few months from doctor S care management nurse. And the nurse would basically just call, she would check in to make sure [PHI-Personal] is feeling well. His medications are working well and no new issues or problems have come up in between appointments. Ok. But you guys would also be able to contact his nurse. Directly if you had any medical questions or concerns or if you needed assistance with anything like medication refills, test results, scheduling appointments, things like that. So, it is a billable service to [PHI-Personal]. [PHI-Personal] Advantage and secondary insurance plans. And the calls are subject to deductibles, copays and coinsurance. Now, he has [PHI-Personal] primary with Keystone first. That's his secondary. Is that correct? Right. Ok. And he doesn't pay any copays when he goes to the office. Is that also correct? He
Patient: Doesn't pay anything. He's, uh, I forget what it's called. Even the program that he's on now. It's like a waiver, that waiver program. Uh huh. I don't know if you know what that is. That's some kind of thing. He's, you know, limited money that he makes or whatever. Right.
Nurse: Yeah. No, that's, that's fine. So, he probably, he wouldn't be responsible for any out of pocket cost for a phone call from his nurse then? Ok. Could
Patient: We, could we not take this for right now?
Nurse: No, you don't have, you do not have to take it right now. Um, the doctors are asking patients to at least give it a try. Um, like I said, you can choose how frequently the nurse calls, you could choose to get a call once a month, once every three months or every six months. So, um, do you want me to set that up for him or do you wanna wait?
Patient: Um, let me wait and I could call you back and and set it up.
Nurse: Yeah for sure and is what I can do is mail out some information if you wanna look it over with Joseph and reach back out to me. Ok I have the address in here is 3255 Belgrade Street Apart apartment 3 20 Philadelphia 19134. That's correct. Alright perfect so I will mail out that information and just give me a call once you guys decide. Ok. Alright. Alright thank you so much for calling me back to him. I appreciate it thank you. Uh huh bye bye bye.
