Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you?
Patient: [PHI-Personal], this is to.
Nurse: Yes. Hi. Let me get your chart pulled back up. Give me just a minute. All right. All righty. So, like I said, just give me a call to do your monthly follow up. I saw you did have an appointment and looks like you said you got a referral for your back. Correct.
Patient: Right. Right.
Nurse: And have you been able to set that appointment up yet?
Patient: Yeah, it's set for, I think the 20th, the, a week from today. I, yeah. Yeah,
Nurse: Perfect. I see that here. Um, how has it been doing, um, since, since your appointment?
Patient: It's ok. Ok. Well, my, uh, my appointment was good. My BP was good. Everything was good. I'm, I think I'm on the right track. It's just this annoying little pain by my spine. So it's more of a, you know, a numbness pain type of thing. So, I don't know, I've seen this doctor before. It's been years ago and, you know, I, I'm not, I just wanna see if there's anything else there. If not, I'll work through it. I mean, it's, it's not to the point. I'm, I just got done working out. So, I mean, it's not to the point where I just can't walk or anything. So I just thought I get it checked and, uh, and I did, I am gonna do, I was due for a colonoscopy. So I'm doing the one that Cologuard or whatever it is in the box, I guess nurse practitioner wanted me to do. So, and then, uh, I'll do that and I got my pneumonia shot. So I should be all up to date on everything.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, let me pull it up and I'll take a look and see what I have listed for your goals here. You had that done? Have you had your, uh, cholesterol checked recently? I'm not seeing that on here. I'm just making sure.
Patient: Um I think they check it when I'm, when I go in for my check ups at uh, the Wood [PHI-Geographic], I think they have a chart on it and hopefully they're sharing all that because they do a lot of blood work when I'm there. So. Ok. Um Yeah, that and, and you know, basically when I meet with uh [PHI-Personal], the nurse practitioner there, it's just like if you know, hey, everything looks good. OK. I mean they should be sharing that with you guys. If they're not, then I need to tell them to do that.
Nurse: Let me just take a look here cause I do see that they've shared some labs. I just have to figure out if that's one of the ones that they've checked recently.
Patient: It would have been, uh, let's see, probably, uh, it would have been my, in my two month check up a couple months ago, maybe or three months.
Nurse: Yeah, I'm seeing some in here. Looks like some lab work from. What is this from? Looks like the end of [PHI-Personal]. Does that sound about right?
Patient: Yeah, that sounds about right. And then I'm not good. Uh I don't go back to see her until my six month check up, which will be August. So my weight is on goal. I'm uh, yeah, I think I'm at, are you there still call? Oh, ok. Uh, my goal was 200 I think I'm at 2 15 right now. So, um, and I don't think, you know, I'm [PHI-Personal]%. Well, I'll put it this way if I'm not at my goal, I'm just telling her I'm not coming in. So, but II I will, I'll be at that goal, I'll be at 200 or
Nurse: Perfect. So, from what I can tell by looking at, um, at the labs that they've drawn, it doesn't look like they've checked your cholesterol, they've done some other lab work, um, just looks like some routine checking on other things, but cholesterol is not one of them. So that's one of the things that, um, for your, you know, you having high cholesterol that we'll wanna get checked. Looks like the last time I can see that you had it done was, looks like [PHI-Personal] of last year. Doctor [PHI-Personal] checked it. Um, so that may be something, you know, he wants to get checked, checked again this year. Yeah,
Patient: We got, yeah, let, let me know things like that because, because basically, you know, they took me off all that medicine, did they, when I had my surgery? Yeah, I even, I'm not on any, um, medication for high BP or cholesterol. They took me off of all. So I haven't been on that in, well, since, probably, since first of [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Ok. Well, I'll send him a message just to see if that's something he wants to check. If it's not, I'll take it off our goals that way. You know, it doesn't keep sho popping up here and then, um, flu shot. I'm assuming you'll probably get that done closer to this fall winter. Most people do.
Patient: Um, yeah, I, well, II, I did get my flu shot and I did get, uh, I got that back in. Uh, I got it at Kroger's. Uh, I got the flu shot. Well, I mean, I'll get another one coming into the fall into the winter. But, yeah, I got mine last year. The only thing I didn't get was that pneumonia, pneumonia shot. And then I just got that when I came in for my check up with, uh, ok, the nurse practitioner there so perfect. And then, yeah, I, I should be caught up on all my shots.
Nurse: Ok. The only other one that I'm seeing, we don't have a record of you having recently is your tetanus. Do you know the last time that you had a tetanus shot done? Uh,
Patient: Yeah, it was probably, oh, it's been a while. Um, I know that I, I had a, broke a bottle or something and cut my hand and it's been, oh, God, I can't even tell you how long ago it's been. Do you think it's better
Nurse: Than the last, oh, say they're good for about 10 years. So, um,
Patient: Yeah, it might have been sooner than that. It might have been five or seven or something like that. I broke a bottle and it just cut my finger and then I went in and they gave me that Tetanus shot for whatever reason. So. Ok. But I can't, I don't, I'm sure I don't have a record of it.
Nurse: Yeah, the last one I'm showing it looks like is maybe from, from [PHI-Personal]. So, um, you know, you could potentially
Patient: Be due for it. Could, it could be. Yeah. Ok. Yeah. Yeah. Just let me know whatever I need to do whatever he wants me to do. I'm, I'm good with that. Ok. And then I think everything on track. BP. Yeah. Looks like my BP is what it's never been, that never been 1 16/80 or whatever, that, that's off the medicine. But I'm sure that's all weight related and exercise and all that. So. Mhm. You know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Whatever you need me to do.
Nurse: All right. Yeah, I'll send him a message just to see if that's something he still wants to check. Um, and then I'll give you a call and let you know what his recommendations are. But, yeah, it looks like you're pretty much cut off on most other things. So I'll update some of these, you know, you've had your appointment with your primary care, different things like that. I'll get it updated in here and then um, once I hear back from him I can give you a call. Ok,
Patient: That sounds good. Thank you very
Nurse: Much. No problem, I'll talk with you soon.
Patient: Take care. Alright, bye bye bye.
