Nurse: Hi.
Patient: Hi. Oh, it's 40 degrees outside. Mhm. [PHI-Personal], walking in the sun is nice and warm but I wore out and my hips hurt. But I think what I'm asking is, is there something I can take for arthritis after the x-rays now? Ok. Ask
Nurse: Her. Um, I, I'll have to ask her because you're gonna, you're taking, you're trying to do more walking. Right.
Patient: Yes. Because to lose weight it's the best way to do it. But if I can only walk for, like, uh, nine minutes, this isn't funny. It hurts.
Nurse: Let me see. Um, what's your pa, because your occupation, let me just tell her what you're doing. She, yes. And, and it's short walks. Right? Is it, or how
Patient: Long? I, I didn't go that far. I, I took my phone out and I watched the time and I got back into the car nine minutes later and I, well, the pain is starting to go away but it hurts when I'm walking. Yeah. But, because ha, it hasn't been two weeks yet since we found out. I have arthritis. This was the first nice day to get outside. I know. And, but I'm not complaining. I just wanna know if there's something I can take for the pain that because I know that the Ibuprofen didn't work because I took it before I left home.
Nurse: So you, you are taking the naproxen twice a day, right?
Patient: The Ibuprofen. Yeah. Uh Only when I need it and when I get home I'm taking some more.
Nurse: Ok. The [PHI-Account]
Patient: Milligram. Um Yes.
Nurse: Ok. You take that pr n usually twice a day or once a day. I,
Patient: When it hurts. I do so before I left home because we were hours this morning without water, I took a shower and got dressed and I came up here on the hill to take.
Nurse: You don't feel like the naproxen helps though. Right.
Patient: No, because it should be working. It hasn't, I took it about [PHI-Account] 30 it's not even 3 30 yet
Nurse: Looking if PC P recommends anything. Oh, uh, she just found out right now. You, you do have arthritis, right? Um
Patient: Yes, that's what the x-ray proved almost two weeks ago.
Nurse: Ok. Right. That's in her hip. Ok. Yeah, let me get the message out for you. I don't know if she'll get back to me today. She might get back to me. Tomorrow might not like if I wanna recommend anything and
Patient: Tomorrow is supposed to be even nicer outside and then we told you we go through snow and I won't walk them. So tomorrow I'm not positive exactly what I'm gonna do. But I'm wondering if I shouldn't stop the muscle relaxers because it isn't something muscle wise in my hips. It's arthritis. You know what I'm saying? Muscle,
Nurse: Um, do you take that every day?
Patient: Isn't what that cy word is?
Nurse: This is a muscle relaxer. Um, but do you take it every day for pain or? No?
Patient: No, because I think it was, yes, I haven't been, I keep active. I'm trying to eat right and today it was time to take a walk and I figured what do I have to lose? So I came up here on the to see how deep the s are but they're pretty. Mhm.
Nurse: Wow. Ok. Let me ask her and you take the, the other one just as needed the
Patient: [PHI-Personal], I didn't have any pain. So I thought if I took it and I came up here, maybe it would help so I could walk a distance and it didn't work.
Nurse: It didn't work. Hm. Ok. Now, did you take the muscle relaxer? I'm confused.
Patient: No, no. Took I right. I took the Ibuprofen before I came up here.
Nurse: Ok. Um, ok, so we did that. Um. Ok, let me just tell you. Let me see.
Patient: Um, yes, I will let you go and when you know, just let me know back. Ok, please.
Nurse: Yeah, let me see what you
Patient: If, if it's nice tomorrow, I wanna attempt that, but I didn't consider taking the muscle relaxer because this ain't a muscle. It's my joint. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I probably should have though. Huh?
Nurse: Oh, it's muscle. Let's see what she says for the arthritis. How about that? Yep. All right. Let's do that. Arthritis and hips, um, notation. I'll ask her for you. Uh, I'll tell you're trying to exercise to eat, lose weight and stuff. So.
Patient: Yes. Ok. Because I think walking is one of the better things you can do for your life. And this winter we've had a lot of cold then we've got a lot of snow lately that it made it almost impossible to do it. But I brought my dog as my side kick and she pooped twice.
Nurse: She a
Patient: All I wanna do is [PHI-Personal] too so I can walk. I
Nurse: Um. Ok. Yeah I'll get them to reach out for you.
Patient: Ok. Yes ma'am. Thank you.
Nurse: Alright any time I'll talk to you soon. Bye bye. Ok bye.
