Nurse: Good morning. This is [PHI-Personal]. Hi,
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. This is Dora. T we just got back home but we had a message on the answering machine that you had called about a care management program.
Nurse: Hi. Yes. Thank you for returning my call. Just bear with me one moment while I pull up your information here. Ok, thank you. Ok. And just letting you know that this call is being recorded for quality purposes, but I was reaching out regarding a care management program that doctor [PHI-Personal] is recommending and that's a phone call from a dedicated nurse where she checks in with you and [PHI-Personal] in between your office visits. She'll answer any questions or concerns. Assist with things like medications, lab results, managing your conditions and symptoms, really. Anything pertaining to your health and your nurse would be an added resource for you. More importantly, it keeps doctor [PHI-Personal] updated with your current conditions and any changes that may be happening. And it also helps avoid urgent care or emergency room visits. Care management is treated as a billable service to [PHI-Personal], [PHI-Personal] Advantage plans and secondary insurance carriers and may be subject to deductible coinsurance and copays and your nurse can reach out on a monthly basis or every couple of months, whichever works best for you. Do you have a preference of whether she calls in the morning or the afternoon? I,
Patient: I'm not sure we want to sign up for this at this time. I'm, I'm not convinced that it's something that maybe we need. I mean, if it's, there's a cost involved that somebody's going to be paying, whether it's us or, or [PHI-Personal]. I uh we just, we, we need to think about it or maybe check into some more information.
Nurse: Sure, absolutely. I completely understand. Um if you'd like to, you know, check on it a bit here. I do see um the [PHI-Personal] as the primary insurance for both of you and then Americo as your secondary and the Perkins Life as the secondary for [PHI-Personal]. Uh they all cover the program so it may just be subject to any deductible coinsurance or copays that you have. Um But [PHI-Personal] is actually encouraging patients to participate in programs like this because they're very focused on primary and preventive care. You know, it enables us to catch anything that may come up as early as possible, which can reduce uh health care costs down the road from things like complications of conditions, hospitalizations and things like that.
Patient: Um I think we, we have appointments with doctor [PHI-Personal] later this month. Maybe we could talk it over with them at that point.
Nurse: Sure. Absolutely. And then if it's ok with you, I'll put a note on my calendar here. I'll check back in with you after that appointment and we can go from there. Ok.
Patient: Yes, I, I feel better about that.
Nurse: Yeah, absolutely. [PHI-Personal], not a problem at all, so I'll be back in touch with you after that appointment and I do really appreciate you returning my call today and I hope you have a great rest of your day. All
Patient: Right. All right. Yeah, thank you.
Nurse: Thank you. Bye bye.
