Nurse: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal]
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. My name is [PHI-Personal]. You just called me a few minutes ago
Nurse: And left. Yeah, [PHI-Personal], how you doing today? Good. How are you? Good. Give me one quick second so I can pull up your profile really quick. Yeah, Ter I just wanna let you know right at the gate that um this call is being recorded for quality purposes. Um but the reason for the call today, [PHI-Personal] is Doctor [PHI-Personal] has a new care management program that he is providing. Basically, it's just a call from a nurse to help answer any questions, refill, prescriptions, chat about previous or future visits, discuss any new issues going on and things of that nature. This is a program that you do qualify for which allows you to maintain peak health by having this nurse contact you. All of these calls are documented and sent to doctor [PHI-Personal] for review and they treated as billable services to uh to Medicare, Medicare Advantage plans and secondary insurance carriers and may be sub subject to deductibles, copays and coinsurance. Is there a time of day that the nurse can give you a call morning or afternoon?
Patient: Well, I just supposedly had an appointment in there the other day and I was supposed to meet with Doctor [PHI-Personal]. But, um, when they called on the phone, they gave me a time period and I didn't catch all of it. So I called them back on a Saturday and they gave me the same time period, which was 9 45. Ok. So I arrived there or I arrived there on, uh, I think it was a Tuesday the third. I think that's what it was anyhow. Um, and they told me that my appointment was at nine o'clock, not 9 45. So they scheduled me clear out in October. So
Nurse: That's a little odd.
Patient: It was a little odd. I, I called in on a Saturday and talked to someone, they gave me that time and then when I arrived there, um, she said, no, you're 45 minutes late. I said, no, I'm not 9 45. She said no, nine o'clock is your appointment? I said that's not what they told me Saturday. So that's so I don't know if I should go and talk, talk to this nurse or not. I don't, you know, I don't know. So, well, the there was a physical is all it was for, but.
Nurse: Right. Right. Right. The nurse doesn't replace your, your business with doctor [PHI-Personal]. They just kind of work hand in hand together. Uh, doctor just using, using this nurse as an extra resource. To make sure that you are. Ok.
Patient: Yeah. Ok. Well, I mean, we can do that if he wants to do that on the phone. I mean, she wants to do it on the phone.
Nurse: Yeah. And this, this is not something you have to, you know, sign up for, for the next five years. If you start, if you, you try it and you realize, hey, this isn't for me and you wanna opt out. That option is always there. This is completely optional program.
Patient: This is not instead of any appointments I have with him. Correct?
Nurse: This is this is not instead of or replacing anything this is just giving. So let's say you have your next appointment in [PHI-Personal] between now and then anything can happen. So the so the nurse is gonna call you and just make sure you're you're good basically.
Patient: Yeah. Ok you can put me down for it. That's fine. Alright,
Nurse: Great. Uh what time of day works? Best morning afternoon, anywhere in between
Patient: Morning and we're gonna be calling my cell phone. So
Nurse: Yeah I'll be calling uh the [PHI-Account] number.
Patient: Now, the only concern that I do have is that we live out in the country and I may get your call but it might not come through to my phone. It might be picked up by the answering first and then you'd leave a message. Is that something I can call her back? Yeah, absolutely. Once I missed the call. I missed
Nurse: It. No, no, no. If you, if you miss the call and I can leave a note like, hey, leave a message, um, who's gonna call you back when he gets there? That kind of thing? Um, yeah, they'll, they'll, they should always be leaving a message if they don't. Well, they're not doing the job properly, but that's the point. Ok. So, um, I will, I do wanna send you more information about the program. I have you at [PHI-Account]. Is that correct? Yes. All right, great. And you do still have the [PHI-Personal], is that also correct? Yes. Ok, awesome. Um Well, [PHI-Personal], thank you so much for giving me a call back. I appreciate it. Have a great rest of your day.
Patient: Ok. You too thanks. Alright, bye bye.
