Nurse: This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hey, how you doing? I talk to you daily girl. Ok. I'm all right. Um, one more prescription was denied.
Nurse: Ok. What, what was that
Patient: One? Atorvastatin? Oh, wait, no, I'm lying. This, this, this, oh, it just changed. It has just changed. But, um, will you, um, do me a favor because I'm starting a new project at work and I need to change this appointment for a later time during the day. Even if it's sooner, I don't care when it is, I just can't have a morning appointment. Ok.
Nurse: Yeah, let me get his chart open. What's his date of birth?
Patient: [PHI-Account]. And [PHI-Personal] knows I can't miss this appointment. So let me just go
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. Let me get that. Let me get him pulled up here. Uh Yeah, II I saw it yesterday because I rechecked on it, but they sent both of those in. So you, you've got all the meds now, correct?
Patient: Well, some were in progress but I had received a, a notification earlier this morning, but I couldn't contact you because work was crazy. But then I just got a notification that they are filling the atorvastatin. So I'm good. Ok, perfect. Because before it said decline. So I was like, I'm just gonna call her later. I can't,
Nurse: Yeah. It
Patient: Just because I'm kinda like you, like, I work from home and I'm a nurse so I can't, you know, I just have to wait for certain times of the day. But it's ok.
Nurse: Who do you work for?
Patient: [PHI-Personal]?
Nurse: Oh, do you like it? I love it.
Patient: Really? I do. Yeah. So it's a little different than care manager because ours is just a program. It's a 90 day program. I'm a nurse coach. So basically like members, we have contracts with certain insurance companies and we reach out to them when they've been recently in the hospital. So like day one home, we try to reach them, make sure they understand their discharge instructions, make sure they have a follow up with their doctor. Our goal is for them to be successful at home to avoid going back to the hospital. So we may give them some resources. But my goal is to make you independent because our program is not long term and they still may have a case manager with their insurance. But yeah, girl, it's easy. Non political management is amazing.
Nurse: Yeah, I like, I just started with this when I was bedside um, for quite some time with, um, I don't know, it's like a, a critical care recovery and so we got like a lot of vent and drip patients and all that stuff that they were, had been in IC U for God knows how long and we're gonna transition but couldn't either go to a nursing home that accepted a chronic event or whatever the thing is. Um, and then they have, like, upstairs is like a, uh, well, uh, like a rehab. And so, but I have two small kids. So, like that the 12 hour shift was not a thing anymore. And so then I switched over to this and I mostly like it. The only thing that I, I really can complain about is like, uh, there's just a couple of, like, not responsive, I guess, physicians that I'm like, it just makes the day.
Patient: So that's frustrating. Yeah. No, that's great. Stress frustrating. Yeah. I don't deal with none of that. Like, sometimes I'll reach out to a doctor a patients. Like, listen, I've been trying so many times. I don't know what I'm doing, blah, blah, blah, I'll conference call them. But other than that I don't talk to any physicians.
Nurse: Right. Yeah, I would, I think I would like that better and I hate it because, like, some of them, you know, it's, I don't know, it, it just seems like, and I, I didn't graduate until right when COVID was starting. And so I, like, I, it just, it was awful and I feel very, like, um, worn out. And so then I started doing this but I just feel like the care across the board because I've been in, like, the medical field for a long time. Um, but, like, I feel like the care has just transitioned for the worst part. Um, and it just sucks. Like,
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. No, you're right. You're right. That's why I, like, I don't know, I used to work, I don't know where you live if you live in a different state. But I live, um, we live in [PHI-Geographic]. So, um, I mean, I talk to members like I have a compact license so I do talk to members in different states. Um, but like I worked at, for years I worked at Lakeland Regional. I was an, er, nurse. I loved it there but I have two small kids too who do extra activities. And my dad, I'm his sole caregiver. That's it. I'm the only one that does everything, his finances, groceries, laundry. Like I maintain his entire life. So, like, just balance, it gives this job, gives me a little bit more balance and like, it's, you know, I don't know, I don't have somebody breathing down my neck and micromanaging me. I don't like that. Let me, let me do my job, you know, if there's something wrong, like I'll tell you, but let me just do my job.
Nurse: That's how I feel too. Like I'll, I'll do it, just bear with me. Ok. So it looks like he do or she doesn't have anything until [PHI-Personal]. Do you want me to,
Patient: Is that gonna make a problem? Like, even if it's before, like, anything in the afternoon from now until end of May, like, I'm, I'll make it happen.
Nurse: Yeah, she, I mean, she doesn't, the earliest that she has is [PHI-Personal] the seventh. Everything else is booked up now.
Patient: All right. Well, he is a podiatrist on the fifth. See, I just feel like I have a transportation service with his new insurance, but I feel like I have to be here for [PHI-Personal] Bar's appointment versus like a podiatrist where he just goes in, gets his foot checked and whatever. All right. So what time is on the seventh, uh,
Nurse: [PHI-Account] in the morning or
Patient: Like late?
Nurse: Oh, late in the day. Uh, then that, that's gonna be on the eighth, there's a 2 15, 2 30. Um, but if you wanna go later than that, let's see. I know like a three, I know [PHI-Account] is gonna be [PHI-Personal] the 20th. That's the fi no, here's one on, wait a second, here's one on the [PHI-Personal] at [PHI-Account]. Ok.
Patient: Yeah. Is that gonna be a problem or should I just, I mean, just the straight up. Um, I mean, I have a, all his meds so, you know, we don't need and I'll make sure I'm here. I just have to take off of work for it, know, for
Nurse: Sure as you, as long as you have enough to get to that appointment, then it's not, I mean, it's not gonna be a big deal. If you are gonna need a refill before then, then we're probably gonna have a little bit of a headache. But uh, ok, if you don't then, yeah. No, it's not gonna be a big deal to push it out. That's fine. That's fine. I'm
Patient: Just gonna, I mean, I hate to do that but I just, I mean it's just me so my brother ain't shit. I mean he's I'm the only one,
Nurse: Right? No I get it I get
Patient: It just being straight up. It is what it is I mean. Ok, so I'm gonna make sure [PHI-Personal] 14th [PHI-Account]. That's perfect so I can take lunch and then I'll flex my time. All right, you've been super helpful. I really appreciate you. Yeah
Nurse: For sure and if you need anything else just give us a call. Thank
Patient: You. Thank
Nurse: You. See you bye bye bye.
