Nurse: Good morning. This is [PHI-Personal]. How may I help you? You're right.
Patient: Hello. Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal]. How are you? Oh,
Nurse: Good, good. I was just doing like a little note because I was getting ready to, to, uh, make sure everything's all set up for when I leave tomorrow. I was telling the girls the other two case managers they said, ok, well, you, you gotta check on [PHI-Personal] Town.
Patient: Yeah. You know,
Nurse: Are you back home or you still inpatient?
Patient: Yeah. No, I'm, I'm back home but, uh, things still aren't right. Um, it, it was quite a, it was quite a ride being out there in Saint [PHI-Geographic]. Uh, nobody, nobody was on the same page. So I have no idea what's wrong with me. I have no idea what I'm supposed to do. And, uh, they cathetered my heart and I did not get any results. Oh, no, they just captured my heart and sent me home.
Nurse: Yeah. Oh, my God. All right. Let's see here. Mm. Hopefully I have some results
Patient: And my heart is still not right. But I'm on, uh, um, uh, Cardizem, uh, two tablets every eight hours,
Nurse: Every eight hours.
Patient: Supposedly. Yeah. Supposedly I'm supposed to be on it the rest of my life. That's the only thing I've been told. But as far as what's causing it, what made my heart do it. What's wrong with my heart? I, I have no idea.
Nurse: No clue. Oh, my God. That is just a nightmare.
Patient: It was the worst hospital stay. I mean, usually I have good care out there but this time it was horrific. It
Nurse: Was horrific. I'm looking and we didn't even have. Honestly II I hesitate to tell you this, that we did not even get the update. Your call was the first time we were hearing that you were in the hospital.
Patient: Yeah, I mean, I, I remember all the I've been hospitalized so many times but I mean, no, no changing of the trash, the trash in my room was overflowing. They never, they never gave me a washcloth or a towel to wash myself. Nothing that they didn't even check on me in the night. They closed my door and I was in my room all night long by myself and they never even came in to check on me. It was just unreal. Just unreal. Oh my God. Next time I'm going to [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Honestly, that's the first I'm hearing about. Usually I was saying, um I think I even put it in my note like thank goodness he went to, they transferred him to Saint [PHI-Geographic] because you know, I think was it WC A or was it Brooks that you went to first or was
Patient: It? I went straight to [PHI-Geographic].
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. And then I
Patient: Spent all night long, I spent all night long in the, er, there, uh, until the following morning because I had to wait for a bed and, and they told me at Saint [PHI-Geographic], they said the system is so broken, it's unreal. That's what they told me. They have a whole bunch of people waiting in the, er, out there at Saint [PHI-Geographic] and some of them have been down there for a week. Oh my God. Waiting for a bed. So why you, why you coming from [PHI-Geographic]? Do I get a bed over someone that lives in [PHI-Geographic] has to wait a week for a bed. That's just, well, anyway, I'm not getting into all that but I'm, I'm next time I'm going to a different hospital because they, they did not tell me a thing. Um, and I wasn't even sedated for the, for the, the, the test. They gave me something to relax me and I was as with it as I am right now on the phone with you right now.
Nurse: Oh, yeah. For the heart catheterization. Yeah, that is,
Patient: I was, I was laying right there watching the whole damn thing.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, they do have twilight sleep now. Mhm.
Patient: Yeah. But I wasn't.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. Oh my gosh. I do know that I was,
Patient: I was I was completely 100% with it. So, thank God I didn't feel nothing because I watched the whole procedure. Yeah.
Nurse: Oh, my
Patient: Gosh. But it wasn't bad at all. It wasn't bad at all. It took seven minutes. But they didn't tell me anything about what's wrong with the heart. They just said, ok, you're done and you're going home, we're discharging
Nurse: You. Yeah. Unbelievable.
Patient: And still having problems with it. So, anyway, I need to see doctor because I need to see a cardiologist that knows what he's doing and what he's talking about. Absolutely. And, um, somebody that's actually qualified because the guy I had was something else. I actually had an argument with him.
Nurse: Do you know who it was? Like, oh, was it the
Patient: Cardiologist? No, they didn't, no, they didn't even tell me their names or they just said, you know, hi. Um, I mean, they would say I'm, I'm doctor. So, and so, but I, I couldn't remember there was so many people coming in my room and my heart rate was going so high to where, uh, you know, I, I didn't even know what was going on most of the time and, and, and then right after they were done they just said, well, you can go home and I, and it's like, well, what's the results of my heart? I mean, what happened is, did you find anything? Did you learn anything? I mean, it's just the craziest thing they, they catheterized it and sent me right home immediately following. Oh, my God. I didn't even go, uh, to, uh, um, like a, uh, a recovery room. They sent me back to the room I began in, but then they immediately switched, uh, people and then they took me right back upstairs. And then as soon as I got upstairs, the nurse come in and she says, well, Mr, you're going home and I never, and I never saw the heart doctor again. I never even saw the guy.
Nurse: I'm wondering now, I know usually for a cardiac catheterization, they have to, I think it's exactly an hour where you have to apply pressure. Um, and sometimes they'll put an ice pack, um, over
Patient: That and if you, yeah,
Nurse: If you're stable then they, like, if they haven't seen anything and they're like, well, everything looks good. I mean, they should absolutely tell you what's going on and that they didn't find anything. But, um, they will, like, send you home that day. It used to be that they were, um, they would keep you overnight, make sure that you weren't having any complications from bleeding. But, um, you know, the, it's honestly, it's terrible but it is the way that they do it now where, you know, if they find something, they don't see anything, they just say, ok, as long as you stop bleeding in the groin, you're good.
Patient: Yeah. No, it wasn't in the groin. They they, they said that they were gonna go through my wrist but they went through my bicep just up from my elbow. Oh, nice. Ok. They went in just up from my elbow. So everything that they said to me, there was no truth to it at all that, you know, they, I kept getting conflicting stories from everybody and everybody was telling me no, they're gonna go through your groin. So they shaved my groin and they said, no, we're gonna go through your wrist and then they end up going through my elbow and it's like what the hell is going on out here? Nobody was on the same page. Nobody. So I have no idea what happened. So I'm gonna have to solely rely on whatever results you guys can get from that place and have my doctor explain it to me because nobody told me a thing out there. II I know about as much right now today as I did, being transferred by the ambulance out there. I, I have no clue what happened out there. Nothing, nothing was even explained to me.
Nurse: Yeah, let me call up med records right now and we'll get those results for some reason. Doctor is off today, but it won't even let me schedule for next week. So I'm gonna have to contact scheduling and get you in as soon as possible before
Patient: Even. Yeah, I tried, I tried calling scheduling first. Um, I called the doctor's office direct but I never can get through to them. That's why I call you second. Yeah, because I never can get through to them. I don't know why, but I'm just not able to call on my own and make an appointment. It's getting to the point where I'm about ready to go to a, to an entirely different doctor system. I'm, I, because this system just sucks.
Nurse: Let's see. I do have an appointment on Thursday at 2 30 the [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Ok. 2 30 Thursday you said?
Nurse: Yeah but don't write it down because this is just it says it's just a regular 15 minute appointment. You know what's great? No, I can't do it shit. Ok? Just because it's you you wanna have extra time with doctor um but the next one that's open isn't until next Wednesday. That's fine. Just the the second is that ok?
Patient: Yeah, I just hope I'm still alive by then because my heart has just been I mean I'm literally I've been feeling like I could die at any minute because my heart is just doing all kinds of crazy weird things and,
Nurse: And I don't know if I wanna go that long. Mm. All right this is what I'm gonna do I'm gonna put you in for an appointment on the on the second anyway the hospital follow up um do you want [PHI-Account] or do you want two o'clock? [PHI-Account]?
Patient: Yeah, 9:30 a.m. Ok. On what day
Nurse: On next Wednesday. Uh, [PHI-Personal]
Patient: Wednesday, [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Ok. That's fine.
Nurse: Yeah. So that way, at least we have the, the follow up from the hospital, but I'm gonna message doctor with all this and call up medical records, get the medical record and that way if I could get you in, you know, for Thursday that would be even better.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. If you have to change it, you can always call me back or somebody, somebody could call me back, you know. Um, it, it's just that I, I just wanna know why do I have to be on Cardizem the rest of my life? I, I just need someone to just explain that, you know, because when someone puts you on a medication for the rest of your life, I just need to know why. And I, is it even the right medication? I mean, I, I'm just mad because nothing was explained to me. I was just there. II I mean, spending all those days in the hospital and then not getting any results is just crazy.
Nurse: I know that's way too much. That's, that's honestly the most insane I've ever heard.
Patient: So they said they told me themselves and while I was being catheterized, they, they told me they said the system is extremely broken out there. So that, that does it for me for going back to that hospital. Obviously, they got big problems out there and they need to fix it.
Nurse: Yeah. Oh, absolutely. Oh, my gosh. All right. So I got this in here. Let me go. Um, I'm gonna give, uh, medical records a call and try to get those records over as soon as possible. Yeah,
Patient: Because there's gonna be a lot of tests that you should be able to get because they drew blood from me more times than I've ever had blood drawn. I mean, it was constantly and they did an echocardiogram. They did a CT scan with contrast. Um They did an EKG with a printout which was catching my heart rate going from 55 all the way up to 1 87 and back down to 50 it was all over the place and it was doing it every 30 seconds, every 30 seconds for days. So that's what I, I put up with to where it was taking my breath away. I thought I was gonna go into cardiac arrest. I thought I was gonna die and there was, I was just laying in there going through that. So I don't know.
Nurse: So I will tell you this with or Cardizem. Um ma, well, what's the dosage of the Cardizem?
Patient: Um I believe it's uh well, I don't have the, the pills right now while [PHI-Personal] gonna pick them up for me this morning when she gets out of work because they called it in the uh Walmart instead of my Rite Aid Pharmacy. Um, but I believe it's 30 mg a pill and there's two of them I have to take, making it 60. I believe that's what it is. But I could be wrong. But I don't know because I didn't, I didn't even get any, um, uh, information on
Nurse: It. Oh, my God. What a nightmare. Ok. So what it does is it usually, I don't know. It usually is prescribed either for hypertension so high BP or, um, chest pain. Um, it's not one of those medications that if you're having like afib or irregular heart rate, it's not gonna prevent clotting from happening. Um, but it can, um, decrease the BP to the point where it's stable where, you know, you're not gonna end up getting clot. Um, couple other things with it just make sure that, um, take the same time every day. Um, it is one of the medications that gra grapefruit juice should be avoided. Um, which I don't think we have to worry about with you. Um, if it goes like, do you have, um, I forget all the time. Do you have a BP cuff or do you know how to take your heart rate?
Patient: Ok. Yeah, I have, I have a BP cuff.
Nurse: Yeah. Take your, take your BP, I wanna say at least once a day if you get to two times a day in the morning and the evening. Great. Do that. Um, if, for some reason you're noticing that your heart rate is going down like to the fifties, hold the car, hold it, don't take it at least for that dose. Um because it might be bringing it down too low and you don't want that to happen cause you'll pass out and you'll have hypostatic or orthostatic hypertension. Um I'm trying to think, what else do I need to tell you? Um I think that's about it. So like, yeah, mainly um you're looking at heart rate with that one. If it's going down to 50 hold it, call me. Um, and I'll send the message over to doctor and then we'll also, we need to get you a cardiologist. Ok.
Patient: Yeah. And they said that I can't take uh, any Advil anymore.
Nurse: Yeah, I know cause it increases the risk of bleeding ulcers, um, stomach problems. So, yeah, you can take Advil, you can take, um, you could take, I forget sometimes like you're only allowed to take Ibuprofen or Tylenol acetaminophen. Um,
Patient: Yeah, that doesn't do anything for me because see the, the, the Advil is an anti inflammatory and it's the inflammation that causes my pain. So anything, uh anything else isn't gonna work. So I'll just have to deal with the pain. Um, you know, which is uh with my neck because I had the fusion done. Um, that's, that's what gets rid of the neck pain. So I'll have to just deal with that. But I'm, I'm more worried about the heart and if I, if I'm on the right, you know, if I'm on the right medication because I'm, I'm still having, like, the fluttering and the irregular heartbeat that I can feel it. Um, even when I press on my neck, I can feel my heart's not beating correctly. It's not a steady rhythm. And so I don't, I don't know.
Nurse: Yeah. All right. We'll, we'll get it, we'll get you right. At least we'll try to get you right.
Patient: Ok. So, so Wednesday, [PHI-Personal] at [PHI-Account]. Yep. Ok.
Nurse: And I will give you a call back or definitely before the end of the day and just let you know if anything, then, um, you know, if they say they can't, or if doctor isn't available until definitely [PHI-Personal], if we get the record you and I will go through it. Ok.
Patient: Ok. All right. Thanks, [PHI-Personal]. I appreciate all your help.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. No problem. I mean, this is, it, it's scary and it's, they should not have just sent you home, like, at least giving you some education or review test results, even if there was nothing that they saw. At least, you know, they could say, hey, we didn't really see anything. Um, you know, you just have to follow up with the cardiologist. Here's a list of cardiologists, you know, anything like that.
Patient: Yeah, they didn't, they didn't do that, unfortunately. Um, I've always had a good experience of Saint Vincent, but this time. It was just, it was unacceptable, um, enough to where I don't wanna go back to that hospital again. Yeah, so. Ok. Well, I thank you for the appointment and, um, I'll talk to you again. Oh,
Nurse: Wait really quick. You went in, let me just make sure I get the dates. Right. So you went in on, when was it the
Patient: Friday? It would, that would have been, um, I believe the [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Ok. And you came home yesterday.
Patient: Yes, yesterday evening. Yeah,
Nurse: [PHI-Account]. All right. Just so I could look for those dates. Alrighty, I will talk to you in a little bit.
Patient: Ok, thank you so much. You're
Nurse: Welcome. You're welcome, [PHI-Personal]. All right.
Patient: Ok, bye bye bye.
