Nurse: Good afternoon. This is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you?
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal], my name is [PHI-Personal]. Um I just received a message that you left for my mother.
Nurse: Yes. Hi, how are you today? I'm good. How are you? Uh Good. Thank you. Just bear with me one moment while I pull her information back up here. Ok. Ok. Thank you. Mhm. Ok. And just letting you know that this call is being recorded for quality purposes, but I was just reaching out regarding a care management program that doctor [PHI-Personal] is providing and that's a call from our dedicated nurse where she checks in on [PHI-Personal] between her office visits. She'll answer any questions or concerns. Assist with things like medications, lab results, community resources, basically, anything pertaining to her health and the nurse would be an added resource. More importantly, it keeps doctor [PHI-Personal] updated with her current conditions and any changes that may be happening. And it also helps avoid urgent care and emergency room visits. Oh, care management is treated as a billable service to Medicare, Medicare Advantage plans and secondary insurance carriers and may be subject to deductible coinsurance and copays of approximately $5 so she may receive a statement from the practice for these services. Her nurse can reach out on a monthly basis or every couple of months, whichever works best. Now, would you prefer that the nurse just speak with you directly?
Patient: Um See that's the thing. Ok, so like um she's here in [PHI-Geographic] with me, like every once every four months, I get it every quarter. But what can happen is I can give you, we can add my sister number and then like month because my sister is in Lake City where she lives, she just come here and see doctor [PHI-Personal] like when it's time for her to do her appointments and she's here in [PHI-Geographic]. So I have like this month she's here and then she'll be back in like [PHI-Personal] but while she's up there so like yeah, I mean I would like to put her in the program because that'll be good. Something good.
Nurse: No, absolutely here. Perfect. Ok. Let me just jot down a note for myself here
Patient: And I'll give you two family members that's with her when she's up there.
Nurse: Ok. And go ahead I can take those whenever you're ready.
Patient: Ok. The first one is is her daughter and her name is [PHI-Personal] phom pso N mhm. And her phone number is area code [PHI-Account]. Let me get to that. Let me make sure I give you the right number. Um [PHI-Account] [PHI-Account]. Ok and the other person, her name is [PHI-Personal] mcneil Mc [PHI-Personal] in, I'm sorry I was calling.
Nurse: No, that's ok.
Patient: Wait just a second because I want to make sure I give you the right number. I'm like wait a minute I'm doing that. I hit the wrong button. 00 gosh,
Nurse: No problem.
Patient: Yeah, her number is area code [PHI-Account].
Nurse: Ok, perfect here. Now um let me just make sure let's see if we have them listed as contacts for her here already. I know [PHI-Personal] should be listed. Yep, yep, [PHI-Personal] is listed, so that's perfect there. Um and I'll just double check about for [PHI-Personal] and now what
Patient: I know she's not listed because I didn't say her name there because she wasn't at the time when we first started the she wasn't like um you know, her caregiver but she's there every Monday through Friday for eight hours a day with her.
Nurse: Got you. Ok, perfect here. Um All right. So I'll get that all squared away here. Let me just confirm a few more details here and I'll get everything all set up. Um I see the Humana Medicare Advantage plan as her primary insurance and no secondary insurance. Is that correct? No. Yeah, that's correct. Ok, perfect. And then I'll go ahead and mail out a letter that has the nurses' contact information. So that way if in between those calls um, sh you know, you'll all be able to reach out to her directly if you need anything. Uh, the address I have on file is [PHI-Geographic] City. Is that the best place to send it to? No,
Patient: The best place would be my address.
Nurse: Ok, go ahead.
Patient: It's [PHI-Geographic] in [PHI-Geographic] Florida. 33619
Nurse: [PHI-Geographic] in [PHI-Geographic]. 33619. Yes. Ok, perfect. So I'll go ahead and send that letter out and then, um, now I'm sorry, you said she's with you? Now, would you like me to have the nurse give you the first initial call soon? Sure. Ok, perfect. So we shall reach out with an initial phone call. She'll go over some information, um, as well as the plan for the next few calls. And then that way, um, she can also just better coordinate, uh, the scheduling for the calls. Ok. All right, perfect here. Um, so I will get that sent right out and I do really appreciate you giving me a call back today. I hope you have a great rest of your day. Ok, thank you. And what's the name
Patient: Of the program again? I'm
Nurse: Sorry, it's a care management program.
Patient: Ok. Ok. No, because when I let my number, I just wanna give them the.
Nurse: No absolutely here and I'll let the nurse know about everything. So, um, we should be all set there. Ok. She may just have to double check, uh, the dates with the two of you just to make sure she calls it the right person at the right time. Ok. All right, perfect here. Thank you again and have a great rest of your day today. Thank you. You too. Thank you. Bye bye
Patient: Bye bye.
