Nurse: Hello. [PHI-Personal]
Patient: Speaking. Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal]. Somebody just called me.
Nurse: Yeah, it was me just calling to check in. How
Patient: Are you? I'm no trying to deal with this nasty cold.
Nurse: Oh, you have a cold now? Oh, boy. Stuff
Patient: Up the nose and the cough is almost gone by now because I start getting that last Thursday. Ok. And then I went grocery shopping Saturday and I slept on water at
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. Yeah, I saw that, I saw that you had an appointment and that you like a tele meed. Um, so you were on some predniSONE, some meloxicam. Um, so tell me how you've been doing since then.
Patient: I haven't received them yet because nothing was at the pharmacy yet. I talk to [PHI-Personal] and [PHI-Personal] was going, put it in and see if what's going on about
Nurse: It. Yeah. It, it looks like it went through. Um, let me see. Yeah, today shortly
Patient: And go get it so I can start it this weekend. Ok. Good, good. My new job.
Nurse: So, you're starting a new job too this weekend?
Patient: Actually, I don't, I have to go get fingerprinted on Tuesday. Oh, ok. Good. That means I have to do the drug test and everything. Ok. Start the training on the [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Ok. Good, good. Um, so, um, hopefully you'll be over these cold symptoms by then, right?
Patient: Oh, yeah. I hope so. I've been, that's why I've been talking myself up so it won't slow me down and I ready go back due to the hip because I still have problems, but I need to do something.
Nurse: So, what, what are you gonna be doing for? I
Patient: Work through the research center. I'm gonna be like the laundry aide. I mainly do laundry. Ok.
Nurse: Ok. Um, hopefully you won't be, you know, lifting or pulling and pushing too much weight that's gonna, you know, did they let you know what your weight? Um, I found that out on the 16. Ok. Yeah, because that's something you wanna over. You want to look over and make sure you clear with your orthopedic specialist and, and, um, your provider just to make sure you're not going to be overdoing it. I mean, now you had a fall. So, I mean, are you ok, since you fell? Like it still hurts
Patient: And everything but it's nothing normal for me.
Nurse: Ok. Where, where was the pain that you had? Let me see
Patient: Right on the side of the hip, like where it had and that
Nurse: Same hip? Mhm. Oh, boy. Ok. That's what I said. Ok. And you didn't hit your head or anything but you did no, you caught yourself and? Ok. Ok. Um, well, um, you do have follow up with your orthopedic doctor in March, correct? But, um, yeah, hopefully it won't be, uh, too taxing for you. We certainly don't wanna see you, um, you know, in more pain either. So that's always, yeah, that's always something you wanna consider. But, but I think it's good if you're getting back out there and doing something that's gonna make you feel better. Um, I know you were like, had some financial concerns and you were, um, you know, anxious to do something. So if it helps, is it part time
Patient: It's only 20 hours a week. So it shouldn't be too
Nurse: Bad. Ok. Good, good. And it's, um, 10 in the
Patient: Morning to two in the afternoon. Ok. Ok. So I can come, I can do my morning errands or bills or cleaning whatever and go to work, come back home. I still can come back and do things. Ok.
Nurse: Ok. Perfect. Ok. That sounds great. Um, you know, it, it, it sounds reasonable as far as, you know, you're not going to be working a lot of hours. So at least you're gonna have, um,
Patient: You know, some kind of income and,
Nurse: Yeah. Good, good. Yeah, I think that's great. Honestly, as long as long as you could physically do it and it's not going to harm you in any way. Um, then I think that's fine. Sure. I think it's, uh, being productive is healthy if, if you can manage, you know, of course, if, if it, if you can, if you can't, that's another story. But, but um, so the meloxicam and the predniSONE, you're gonna start tomorrow, right? You said? Ok. Ok. And the predniSONE is a tapering dose. Of course, that's um, you know, the four tabs for three days, then three tabs for three days, then two tabs for three days, then one tab for three days. So that's all gonna be broken up into a tapering dose, which is very typical of predniSONE. Um take that, take that with food. Um, it can upset your stomach. I would take it early in the morning because it can keep you up at night. Um and so just, you know, take it with breakfast would be my recommendation. Ok. Um ok, so um let's see. I wanted, would you mind if I did this depression scale with you? The docs like us to do a couple year is the new year. So if I could do that with you, that would be awesome. Um Let me ok, let's see here. So this is just a couple questions over the past few weeks. Have you have little or no pleasure in doing things?
Patient: It all depends on the day. That's the problem. So 50 50 I can say,
Nurse: Ok, are you feeling down or depressed?
Patient: Not the last couple of days? No.
Nurse: Ok. Um Trouble falling asleep or staying as or or staying asleep.
Patient: It's hard to tell because I'm always tired.
Nurse: Ok. But are you, I know, like, maybe your pain wakes you up or whatever but you're not, you're not up all night with insomnia, right?
Patient: Not last couple of days because I've been taking cough medicine.
Nurse: Ok. And feeling tired, you feel tired, you said, uh, a lot of the time? Ok. Ok. Um, poor appetite. No. Uh, feeling bad about yourself. Mm. No. Ok. Trouble concentrating on things such as, uh, watching a television program or reading something. Um, ok. Thought you would be better off not being here or thoughts of hurting yourself.
Patient: Not for a long time. I haven't felt
Nurse: That. Ok. Ok. Good, good. Ok. Um, so, um, it looks like your scale is, let's say 123 points, only 34 points. So that's not bad. It's nothing that, that I would alarm the doctor about. Um, we just do these scales and see what your, what your overall number is. And then if, if, you know, sometimes people have, uh, uh, depression signs and they don't know it. So if we do the scale, like, oh, yeah, all the time. Oh, yeah, all the time. Oh, yeah, that's me. And then I, and then we have a discussion say, jeez, you know, that's a lot of depression answers there and then I would let the doctor know but you don't have anything like that. So, um, just wanted to do the scale go over it and let you know. Um, and if there were ever any issues like that, um, you know, I would let the doctor know and then you and the doctor would discuss what you would do at that point. Ok. But for you it's, I, I kind of figured it was just gonna be ok. Um, because I know your situation, I know a lot of your situation comes from your physical, um, issues with your hip pain and, and now that you're getting back to work, I'm sure it's going to be a more, um, positive situation for you. So, and I really hope it is. I really hope it is. So,
Patient: I'm hoping,
Nurse: Yeah, good.
Patient: Support the family and, yeah,
Nurse: And you'll have your own money. Yeah, that makes you feel good when you come home and you have a paycheck and you can go buy things and, and, you know, maybe say, well, I'll stop at the store and get stuff today with my paycheck or whatever it, it is, it's a good feeling. It is. Um, so, but again, don't push yourself to the point though where you're gonna be in more pain or hurt. You have to really, um, you know, make sure that you're monitoring your physical abilities too. Ok. Along with that. Um, and, um, so what I'll do is I'll call you in a couple of weeks and see how things are going and, um, hopefully your cold will be gone and these symptoms will be gone once you start these meds and things will be on, um, and the weather is gonna get nicer so everything is gonna be looking up so
Patient: That
Nurse: Yes, we hope so. Ok, thanks for calling me back here. If you need anything from us though, please call. Ok, thank you. Thanks. Have a great weekend. You too. Bye bye. Thank you. Bye bye now.
