Nurse: Good afternoon. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Uh, I'm calling for [PHI-Personal]. Uh, he was just to, uh, Doctor [PHI-Personal] office again this week and, uh, they told him if they didn't hear anything by the end of this week we should call back. So we just called back to their office and they said that we had to call into [PHI-Personal] office, uh, because, uh, that's out of the network and, uh, he would need a referral for him to go over to [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Ok. And I apologize. Who did, what was the name again? [PHI-Personal]
Patient: [PHI-Personal]? Ok. He was just in there too here not too long ago. And we said about it. So I don't know what's going on. Hm.
Nurse: Let me give me just a second here as I try to pull everything up here. Oh, I tell you what, if these computers would work with me here today? Pull up one thing and get another thing. Ok.
Patient: When we were there, he said that, uh, Doctor [PHI-Personal] could do it but now she says it's out of her network that we have to get the referral from him.
Nurse: Oh, ok. Mhm.
Patient: Back a few years ago. We had to have the same thing done, but it was with a doc different doctor. It was Doctor [PHI-Personal] a
Nurse: Ok. Just reading all the notes here as to see what we got going on here. Ok. Do together. So we, ok. Ok. So the most recent thing that I have here, um is that they had called from, it looks like the dermatology office had called um into our office and said that they don't need an insurance referral. Now, they're doing a prior auth. That is the last thing that I have here. Um, in regards to
Patient: Who would have wrote that to you.
Nurse: Um, the Dermatology office, it doesn't say who one of the gals from the dermatology office had called. Um, so let me find out if we have any, um, update in regards to the prior, if the prior authorization had been sent over to the Dermatology office. Um, let me just see here. Ok. All right. So what I will do is I will see if we, um, have any sort, if they've gotten any sort of further update as far as if, um, cause I, it looks like Doctor [PHI-Personal] is the one that's gonna have to fill out that prior auth and then get that sent over to the Dermatology office. I apologize for the, the delay in this as far as how this is, this is going. But [PHI-Personal], what I can do is I can, um, give you a call as soon as I hear something back from the office as to, you know, what, where we're at with this process. Um, because that was on 10 5 when they had, when the dermatology office had called and said they needed a prior auth. Um, and then I don't see any further update from there, but that just, you know, that doesn't mean that it's not being worked on. It just means that there's a possibility I may not have access to that. Um, so I'm gonna send a message to see if I can get any further updates on it and kind of see where we're at with everything. Um, and then I can give you a call back. I don't know if he'll get back to me, you know, yet today. Hopefully he will, um, with some sort of update or even, you know, get in touch with one of his nurses there and then I can kind of let you know, um, hopefully before the end of the day here as to, to where we're at with everything. Ok,
Patient: I think has the report over there of everything. Ok. I'm not sure. Now what happened? Ok. Well, thank you.
Nurse: Yeah. Yep. He's, I, um, try to get back to you here before the end of the day. Um, if I, if you don't hear anything from me, that means I haven't gotten any sort of an update either. Um, and I'll give you a call first thing Monday morning. Ok. All right, thank you. Alright, thank you, Hazel. Have a good day. You too. Thanks. Bye bye.
