Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, this is,
Nurse: Oh, hey, [PHI-Personal], how you doing?
Patient: I'm not doing too good.
Nurse: What's the matter?
Patient: I don't know. Um, I have not been throwing up. I've been sick for the last couple of days and I just wanted to let you know, I haven't been using my, my CPAP because I, I, I'm throwing up too much to get off and stuff. So the last couple of days I haven't wore
Nurse: It. Ok. Um, when did you start throwing up? When did you start feeling bad? Oh, a couple days
Patient: Ago?
Nurse: Couple of days and Sunday. Sunday and tell me all your symptoms. You've started since Sunday. I've been vomiting. I was real sick
Patient: In my stomach. Vomiting. No diarrhea. Ok. Uh, fatigue. I mean, I, I mean, my, uh, I'm just like living on the edge. Ok. Oh. And another thing this has been going on now for a couple of months and I've been ignoring it. I've been getting the tremors. Mhm. Not real bad or nothing. And they don't last long or nothing. They come and go and I just keep, you know, thinking they're gonna go away and I just I don't know, I don't know what, what show up but, but yeah, I used to do that when I drank but I'm not drinking.
Nurse: Ok, let me see here. Let yeah, I'm
Patient: Not. Yeah, just so you, I'm not drinking. Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. Um, do you have a fever? I don't think so. Ok. Are you having any shortness of breath or chest pain? Uh No, not really. Ok. Any confusion.
Patient: Uh no, just
Nurse: Fatigue. Ok. Any numb, uh, numbness or tingling.
Patient: Oh, I have, uh, I have, uh, what's that thing that runs down your leg from the bottom of your back there? Oh, the sciatica? Yeah, I have that. I have it both legs and, uh, and my left shoulder has been killing me but there's nothing he can do about that. So, but I'm done good some because the other day I was up and I started to walk and my legs went numb. Both of them.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: So something's pinched in there and I'm, I'm starting to think maybe I should go see an orthopedic.
Nurse: Yeah, I might, you might have to, um, if that was
Patient: Because there's, there's nothing he can do for me other than the pain medicine he gives me now, which really don't
Nurse: Do nothing. Yeah. Um, let me see here. Have you had, do you have any increased swelling in your extremities in your
Patient: Legs? Not that I, no.
Nurse: Ok. And have you been using the bathroom? Ok. Are you constipated? Have you been having normal bowel movements? I,
Patient: I've been constipated.
Nurse: Ok. When's the last time you had a bowel movement? Uh, yesterday, yesterday? Was it like normal?
Patient: Uh, well, yes, it took me, you know,
Nurse: Took a while. Yeah. Are you making, it's not that big of a problem. Ok. Have you been drinking enough water? Oh,
Patient: Yeah, definitely. You know, that's definitely a big problem. It's definitely a big problem, especially when I'm throwing up because, uh, everything I had the dry s all night the other night. Yeah. And my ribs are so sore because when I vomit, I vomit, um, really hard. You know what I mean? I mean, violently.
Nurse: Yeah. Have you changed any medications or stopped any medications? No. Ok.
Patient: I just, just plain old. Don't feel
Nurse: Good. All right. Are you, um, urinating fine. Are you urinating as much as you are? Ok. Now, if you see, I don't want you getting dehydrated if you're losing a lot of fluids and vomiting.
Patient: Right. I have water beside me all the time and I,
Nurse: Ok, good. Um, if you start getting a really dry mouth or you can't produce tears, you're not urinating, you give us a call immediately because that's signs of dehydration. Ok.
Patient: Well, usually I have too many tears and I, I use, I use eye drops for that.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. Dry eye. Well, you know, if they stop then something's really wrong. Yeah. Yeah. Ok. I'm going to send this in to the doctor he might want to see you just because you've been vomiting since Sunday. Ok. Have you been taking anything over the counter for your vomiting?
Patient: Uh no. Ok I have bismol here. Ok. Didn't even give that a thought.
Nurse: Ok, I'm gonna see what he recommends if he recommends an office visit, we'll give you a call if you recommend something else I'll call you back. All right so and your birthday is 1 18 62. Right. Right. Alright I'll I'll talk to you again soon. Call me back if you start feeling worse. Alright. Ok bye bye.
