Nurse: Care management. This is [PHI-Personal]. Can I help you?
Patient: Morning, [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal] calling. Hi, [PHI-Personal], how are you? Well, not too good. What? Uh, yeah, I just wanna make it. We'll never have to schedule an appointment for s she died yesterday morning. Oh,
Nurse: So, oh, [PHI-Personal], I'm so sorry. Oh God, I'm so sorry. Were the nurses with her? Did they come in or what happened?
Patient: He had a real bad, he had a real bad occurrence. So we called hospice and, uh, I would imagine you're familiar with the procedures? Ok. So they, they asked me if they could put her on, uh, uh, what is it? Uh, morphine?
Nurse: Sure. Yeah.
Patient: All right. And so we did that most of the day there was no recovery or anything could occur. So we transferred her down there to the hospital house and she died. He died 8 30 in the morning.
Nurse: Oh, God, you, I am so sorry. I can't even, I can't even ex express to you. How sorry I am. Um, so she just went, like, how did you know it was time to get hospice in?
Patient: Well, I couldn't get her out of bed. No morning we couldn't move out of bed herself. Ok. I don't, I don't, I don't know what it would be but, uh, when I, I finally lifted her to a sitting position and held it and she had like tremors and I don't know, they come and they go, they come and they go, you know, I have no idea what it was. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, sometimes she couldn't understand, you know, and she became incoherent to some degree and I hate to tell you this, but she did not know me for the rest of that day.
Nurse: Oh God, you, I'm gonna be honest with you, [PHI-Personal]. I know this is probably the hardest thing that you've ever had to go through, but having hospice take care of her, I think was one of the best things you ever did. It be, it, it, it gave her peace and comfort toward the end. If you didn't have them, it would have been rushing to the emergency room, you know, getting her all, you know, riled up and uncomfortable and it, it's, I think it was a good, and you took such good care of her job. I can't even tell you
Patient: What my daughter had flew in and was here to ride in the ambulance with her. Ok. I had gone through three days where I was up most of the night. Ok. So when they offered me a chance to stay there overnight, I didn't do it [PHI-Personal] did. Ok. But I didn't. And when I called in the morning, you know, you're, you're not gonna believe this. I started to do some things on the computer and all of a sudden my lights blinked here in the house. Oh, my God. Call and see if, you know, and I called up and said she tell me she had just passed away at 8 30 just 10 minutes after I called before I called.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. You know, my sure. And I can, I can understand that. Absolutely. I could, I could, I could understand why you would feel that way. But I'm gonna tell you something, [PHI-Personal] and I'm sure [PHI-Personal] being a nurse might tell you this too and she might have already, she might not have gone if you were there. I'm telling you people who they're very, super close to, they sometimes will not go when you're there and they will wait for you to go home. Um, I think you needed to take care of yourself. How you wouldn't have been any good there if you were, had three nights with no sleep and you, you would have been, you would have been a mess. I think that that would have wanted you to take care of yourself.
Patient: But I, I missed the lot. I was, I was drawn, it was really just, you know, it was a horrible day. Yeah. Yeah. It was a horrible day here. But fortunately all my two boys were here. Two of my boys were here. Oh, God. And, uh, they helped me clean her up and do things with her. You know, I, I couldn't do them alone. Ok. No, no. So we had it all set when the A got here.
Nurse: Oh, so this happened yesterday morning?
Patient: Yes, she went in, she went in, uh, actually we didn't get here at nine o'clock at night. Ok. And it's only about a 20 minute drive down there. And, uh, um, it went down, we all went down and, uh, then I just made the decision. I said, well, I'll come back first thing in the morning after I get a good night's sleep, you know. And, and awful, sorry, I did that.
Nurse: Oh, there's no way you could have known she would have gotten that fast. There's no way you could have known nobody, nobody could know that. Nobody could know that. Oh, [PHI-Personal], I don't want you to have any regrets. I mean, honest to God, [PHI-Personal], I know it's hard but you have to see past that, that one little thing. I mean, everything you did for her overrides that one thing because you're a human and you needed to sleep. II, I know it's gonna be hard for you to understand that right now. But it, it's true. It is true. Everything else you did for her overrides, that little thing it does.
Patient: She was safe,
Nurse: She was safe. She was with her daughter, she had the best care. I mean, trust me, it's, I know, I know you just, well, should have, could have what I always thinking about. You know, what I could have or should have done. But you, you did everything you humanly could have done.
Patient: Yeah. That's the truth.
Nurse: You did, you did it, you didn't try, you did it, you did it. There are not many husbands out there that would go through what you went through and did. So that, that's, that says a lot of how much you loved her, that's for sure. That's for sure. Oh, [PHI-Personal], I know you do. I know you do. I'm so sorry. I really am. I will let doctor [PHI-Personal] know. Um,
Patient: I appreciate that. That's why rather send a text or something. I wanted to call and tell you. Yeah.
Nurse: No. And you know, and no, it was, it's been rough toward the end for, for, for both of you. She's at peace. I know she's at peace. I, I can guarantee you that she doesn't fight and suffer.
Patient: Getting terrible here. The dementia you had no idea how bad her dementia was getting at night. Yeah. And know was, didn know, you know, thinking that going to the back bedroom was going to a different place, you know. And yeah. Yeah, all kinds of crazy things going on with it.
Nurse: Absolutely. And to linger like that when you don't even have your, to the
Patient: Wife
Nurse: I'm sure she was, I'm sure she was. Oh, [PHI-Personal]. My, my heart felt condolences. I'm gonna update that to the point and, you know, if there's anything I could ever do for you, please call, I'm more than happy to and I'm just so
Patient: Sorry I have, [PHI-Personal] will be here shortly. Uh, uh, I'm in my trailer by myself right now, but she'll be here shortly. We have to go over to the funeral people. We're gonna have her cremated and we're gonna try to have a service held which is not totally planned as yet. Uh, sometime in May. Ok. I to do it on the first, but I don't think it's gonna, and the reason I say the first because that would have been our [PHI-Personal] anniversary. Oh,
Nurse: So yeah. Yeah. Unbelievable. It's like uh almost a lifetime. Yeah.
Patient: Crazy.
Nurse: Great. Oh [PHI-Personal]. Take care, take care of yourself. Ok? You do the same. Oh, thanks, [PHI-Personal]. Bye bye bye
Patient: Bye.
