Nurse: This is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you?
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal]. Oh, hi. Oh, not very good. I'm sorry, I haven't called you back. I've had so much going on and I've had one thing after another happen to me and I just,
Nurse: Yeah, what's been going on lately?
Patient: Um, well, let's see. I had continuing problems with the swollen gland that keep coming up and down and fatigue and then, uh, and after my back went out, my hip went out that's still bothering me. And, uh, I did see Doctor [PHI-Personal] just, uh, the last end of last week. Um, and, um, but now again I, I've been having, I don't know if they're seizures or vertigo again. Um, and I don't know what's, what's happening because I, I, it had, it's been, I don't know, it had been like a, a week or so and they said they had just gotten better for a coup a few days and then yesterday I, or last night I needed to do something online for about an hour and a half and then all during the night and now it's back again and it's confusing to me because, um, doesn't seem exactly. I brought it this time and in the past I've actually had my long term primary care where I used to live in a neurologist. Think it was seizures. I do know which I forgot to mention to Doctor [PHI-Personal]. Little I know about my biological father is that even as a young man when he was with my biological mom in the early twenties, he had a seizure disorder. Um and I did just get off of it, carBAMazepine over a month ago, which was an anti seizure med. One of the two, I'm on not for seizures but for neuropathy. But I know that after you've been on it for so long when you get off of them, it does put you at a higher risk for seizures. So I, I don't know because there's part of the information that seems to point to seizures and another part with my eyes that seems to point to what they discovered like a few years back that I, that I have convergence [PHI-Personal]. So I need prison and that causes double vision and vertigo. And that definitely with my, I've had lots of problems with my eyes. I still do. But, but I hadn't had problems with the turning vertigo like it always had especially a screen after I put prisms in my lenses. But that was probably about three years ago or more. And now after this happened last night where it seems to be tied in with my eyes again. I don't know what it is or who to say. I also, I've been having a problem with my left ear and hearing, going in and out and then ear pain down in there. So I'm like, maybe it could be from that. I don't know. I've, I've tried to start this morning to find a doctor again that will test my eyes, not only for the regular exam, but for that can purchase [PHI-Personal] to see if, you know, my prisms are still right. But that's kind of hard to find like the eye doctor I had gone to before they discovered it. Yeah, I had got doctor the ophthalmologist that he had to have me see a different doctor. This one doctor in the office that tested because it's a whole different test they do for that. And then it turned out she wasn't even though the doctor in the office was on the insurance plan. She wasn't and they didn't tell me and I got hit with a several $100 bill which I, that can't happen again. And, um, so I just got off the phone with my insurance company and they don't have a way of knowing who test for that because not all of the doctors do. So I just, she, I just had her to give me a list of optometrist nearby and I'm just home, you know, after I talk to you and I, and the dog finishes up. I, I will uh start calling around, see if I can find an eye doctor that can test me for that because something's something's going on that this is happening again. But it also, like I said, it's kind of different because some, well, I used to have the vertigo at times. It would be like some big giant took the edges of the room by his hands and just tilted the room and then, you know, definitely was like spinning a lot. But this time, I don't know if it's spinning, there's no tilting. I don't know if there's any spinning because all I know is that it just feels like I'm gonna go under or something. And then I kind of sometimes y or I just like automatically put my hands over my eyes and kind of press. So I know that I'm definitely having rapid back and forth eye movements, you know, I do that trying to get my eyeballs to, to stop. So that, that's the only symptom I know is that uh the rapid back and forth eye movements and, and that it's very involved with my head. I can't move my head, get sitting up or down, you know, laying down, getting up even really slowly at night, I can't roll over, you know, even on my house slowly as soon as I turn, it just wham, you know, it hits me and it only lasts for, I don't know, I mean, there in the past, I mean, it, it could, it would just be constant but, but now it seems like it's, I'm sure it's not as long as it feels but it's probably like 15, 30 seconds or something each time, you know. But it's every time I move my head or look down or in, in a different direction. And also the other thing about it is it really wipes me out. I've been really, really wiped out ever since in the last week and a half. It's like, because it makes me really tired and exhausted. Like my makes my got this mental fatigue, you know, I don't know, I didn't when I, I did, you know, kinda mention doctor [PHI-Personal], but I have a hard time communicating sometimes anymore, I think. And I, I, I didn't like, I don't know, like I would like to know and I can't Google anything because I can't look online. I don't know what the differential diagnosis is because I kind of like to know in the, he knows his vertigo at seizures right in the
Nurse: Area. And I see um a doctor [PHI-Personal], I'm not sure if he's on your insurance list, but it looks like
Patient: Uh yeah, that's, that sounds familiar. I think that's the name that my in my insurance gave me. What are you saying about him
Nurse: That um, he deals with uh convergent
Patient: [PHI-Personal]? Oh, well, that's great because see my insurance company didn't have that information but he was, uh, one of the optometrists that came up. I mean that they gave me so to check. So I have to remember to call the first. Ok, that's good. Thank you.
Nurse: Yeah, no problem. Just, uh, he's the only one I'm seeing in the area so far. Um,
Patient: Can you see his reviews by any chance? There's some bad doctors around me.
Nurse: He has a 4.2 out of five stars.
Patient: Oh, that's good for this area. Not bad at all.
Nurse: Um, so yeah, I would maybe try him out and see, just confirm if he really does deal with that and if so, um, try to get an appointment as soon as possible.
Patient: Yeah, I have to. I'm, I'm really, I, I thought I was kinda, I mean, I knew I wasn't totally out of the woods because I could, I kept feeling like I was on the edge or that I had to move really slowly, you know, even after it sort of passed in the last few days, but then during the night it just really slammed me again and, and I said it's really suspect with my eyes because I was trying to look online and that's what you said tri but God help me because those glasses are expensive and I don't know what the heck I'll do about that. The other thing is, is that on Thanksgiving, eh, I, I accidentally ran my distance glasses, my other pair of glasses through the wash machine with the sheets and the towels on a heavy cycle. And so they got all scratched up and I tried to get some of the scratch, some scratches out, which I did get most of them out with the baking soda paste. But there's still one right in the line of vision and that's kind of messing me up too because, uh, it's, and so I don't even know maybe those glasses are responsible for this two messing with my eyes. But, uh, yeah, when was your
Nurse: Last, um, just like regular eye exam?
Patient: I was trying to remember that and, oh, I mean, I know go rehab had sent me to [PHI-Geographic] for the severe dry eye issue I have because I have Sjogren's and that guy I really like, but he's not on the insurance and he's way too far. I can't drive that far myself and I don't have when we get there anymore and they're not gonna pay for it anymore anyway. But, um, it was really good but I it's probably been a couple of years since I was there and they didn't really do a, the full eye exam, you know, eye test, vision test. They, you know, he was looking at my eyes for the dry dry issue stuff, you know. So it's been, I mean, my glasses are, I'm pretty sure they're at least three years old. So it might, it might be that they're, you know, they're not strong enough anymore or something. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. So, I think the first step would be call doctor s office and just see if he, um, manages the conversion [PHI-Personal] and if he does try to get an appointment and then, um, once that's kind of settled and you have an appointment with that, we can discuss the, um, psychology referral that Doctor [PHI-Personal] put in. Um, she was wanting, uh, me to help, um, help you find someone local, um, for that as well.
Patient: Yeah, I talked to her about that again. But, um, um, ah, the other thing I need to be is if that's not my eyes, I'll probably have to find and I don't know that there's any good neurologist around. It doesn't seem like there are, I remember doctor is not telling me even, not to see you around here. That was my conclusion too after I looked and there was like three that all got one star reviews and two of them never even answered their phone. Um, I'll call back. So, but that'll be, I guess one thing at a time I'm getting ahead, I go the route first and if that doesn't, I'll have to see if, if, if it's because I stopped the anti seizure med. Yeah, because it is, that is very suspect that I've just been off that a month and now these are, this is happening, you know. Yeah.
Nurse: Which medication
Patient: Was that? CarBAMazepine.
Nurse: Ok. And you stopped taking it about a month ago?
Patient: Well, it was, I did a, you know, a slower withdrawal. I cut every two weeks until I was off of it, but I just completely finished it a little over a month ago. Yeah. Ok. Got
Nurse: You. Yeah, I mean, if, if you see, um, an eye specialist and they can't really pinpoint what's going on. Um, a neurologist would probably be the next step. I'm sure Doctor [PHI-Personal] would, uh, suggest that next.
Patient: Um, I would like to find out. I don't, I mean, I, you know, there's a couple of things I wanted to send her a message about that. I for clarification that I want to follow up on after her appointment. But I don't, I don't think I can even look at that, get online to do that right now. But I, I'd like to go ahead probably and see if she knows us, the best neurologist in the area close enough to me. You know, the best one that's the closest, you know, because I know if it'll be a new neurologist because the one I used to see role in Tampa and that means that there'll be a really long wait, like, probably three months or something. So I, I would like to be able to go ahead and schedule something. So at least it's there because I'm like, if, if it's not in my eyes, I can't deal with this for another three months or, I mean, you know, or longer?
Nurse: Got you. Ok. Yeah, I can, uh, just send her a message and ask her if she has any recommendations. Um, and then if she does give you a call and let you know.
Patient: Um. Ok. Yeah, and just let her know why, just tell her in case it's not, turns out not to be my glasses or my eyes. I'd like to at least have an appointment scheduled because like I said, it's definitely gonna take a long time. Always does in, you're a new patient.
Nurse: Yeah, it does. It usually, it, like you said, it takes a couple of months so it's probably good to just get something on the
Patient: Books. Yeah, because I can always cancel, you know, if it turns out to that my eye is so, um, the other issue, I mean, I just, you know, I've just been down so many rabbit holes re things. I mean, I serious, I need some counseling like big time. I'm losing all hope here for me. They just keep going and, I mean, you need a lot of practical help because I'm not getting, you know, I can't find either the food and financial help. I don't think it's out there, to be honest. Yeah, I
Nurse: Remember we talked about some different food pan. Did you happen to call any and see, um, if they have like the drive throughs and different things you were looking for
Patient: I had, I had started doing that and then I tried to, I went down a whole long list of calls but nobody, uh, nobody answers the phone and nobody calls me back. And then I've been through so much that most of the time. Well, it's definitely since the hurricane, I, that's when everything started. I had initial relapse. I couldn't drive to get, do that anyway. Hm. Um, so there was that huge obstacle. Um, but yeah, the other big obstacle is, I mean, while I'm trying to feel well enough to build a, uh, be able to drive to do that, but I haven't been able to find a, uh, to find really to, yeah, to do that. But, um,
Nurse: Yeah. So, um, I think, I think it would be good for us to place a new referral to social work just to kind of see if maybe they have different resources. Um, because I don't have too many resources just because I'm not local. So everything that I'm looking at is just on a computer screen. I'm not really sure what's open and what's not.
Patient: Well, that's kind of what happened with the social worker that called me the one time, way back from, from doctor office because she's in a different county, which is a lot more bigger county than here and they have a lot more resources. So she was just trying to look online and she said that they're just, she wasn't finding much in [PHI-Geographic], you know. Yeah. Um,
Nurse: The, the situation might be that, you know, um, you'll have to go maybe outside the county or a little farther from [PHI-Geographic]
Patient: And, and the problem, yeah. See, the problem is though, is that you can't, you have to, you can only use resources in the county like that in the county you live in. I mean, I'm right on the line of county which has a lot more stuff and, uh, but you can't do that because every, you know, the one thing they, when I, the couple places I was able to talk to, I know it's like you always have to take like electric bill, driver's license pro you have to provide proof that you live in that county. Got you. Ok. And that's uh, bad situation is what it is. Right? It
Nurse: Still might be beneficial because I'm just not sure on my side of things how more I can help, um, with that situation. So I think it's, um, just a good idea just to kind of see if someone else has resources that maybe I don't,
Patient: Can you see that? Because doctor said something, I don't know if she is gonna, you know, remember or whatever and I can't even remember what she said, but she's asked me if I wanted her to put in a referral to something. It was a program something or other to help, see if any. Yeah, that's the nurse Navigator
Nurse: Referral. And
Patient: That's if
Nurse: You have a chronic, uh, care management nurse, which is what I do. We do the exact same thing. So
Patient: That's not, see, I asked her that because she had to just help me to see, to help if there could be any, you know, that would do like [PHI-Personal] my copay to take some insurance or do something like that. And I said to her, well, isn't that what a, what the care management, you know, nurses are doing? And she said, yeah, but this is a whole different thing. So we should try them both and I'll look into that. And so,
Nurse: Yeah, the nurse navigator already reached out to me. Um, there's not too much she can do. Um, and that was more in the, in reference to getting you a psychologist close to the area. Um, that's, and at least that's what Doctor [PHI-Personal] put in her notes. So I'm not really sure. Um, didn't really help any, I guess is what I'm
Patient: Saying. No, I know she's doctor [PHI-Personal], I think a bit exasperated too because she told me it wasn't just me that, that had a hard time finding help for anybody. Yeah, a lot of people. So
Nurse: Let's just take it in chunk for now. Um, let's start with the, you call doctor, uh, is office and then I'll work on my side of things, uh, for that neurology referral and for that social work referral just so we can get a few things in the works. Ok.
Patient: Ok. But if you have any other information in regards to, like counseling, I mean, I, I really need that. I really need that. I'm just
Nurse: Trying to think one thing at a time because there's multiple issues going on. Um, and I, I need to do some research because, like I said, I'm not local so I have to do some research and figure out, um, what psychiatrists are local, uh, in the area close to you and different things
Patient: Like that and, and, and be careful because you just said psychiatrist and that's not what doctor said. Psychiatrist would just give meds and they don't tend to do much counseling. Now, psychologist, um, I know she said, I remember her saying psychologist but I'm wondering if that's just, she was using that term generally because psy psychologist mostly just do testing. I mean, I don't know exactly what I need but it seems like I just need a good counselor.
Nurse: Yeah. She has a re, you have a referral in here for psychiatry and for psychology. Um, so we'll have to see, like I said, I'll have to research some resources and,
Patient: Well, you can just forget the psychiatrist and she would know that too because they just give out medication and there's no way I'm gonna do that. Got you because this and, and it's not because I, you know, I, I have any, you know, sort of, you know, other oppositions other than the fact that I just don't tolerate medications. Well, um, I just have a lot of adverse reactions to drugs and, and as I've discovered, even though I don't know a lot about them and never knew that my biological family always like that. So it's definitely an inherited thing, genetic thing. I'm not been in, not, in terms of not being able to tolerate having really bad reactions to, you know, lots of medications and stuff. So, so I don't wanna get on drugs. The last thing I wanna get on on, I'm trying to get off of. Um, so, so, yeah, I, I don't know about psychologist, like I said, usually their primary role is for testing and I don't think that's probably really very relevant, but I mean, I, that's fine. I mean, that would be, I'm not opposed to that, but I, but I definitely need some counseling. The only thing I have not done that I need to do is call either [PHI-Account] or [PHI-Account]. If they had, I was trying to figure out the difference between them before I call. I'm starting to feel like maybe the [PHI-Account] is more specifically suicide [PHI-Personal] where the [PHI-Account] I know they were known as a suicide in the past, but it seems like they might be more geared toward resources. So that's the thing I need to do is call them and see if they maybe know anybody, you know, that does counseling, either pro bono or at least would just [PHI-Personal] my $30 copay.
Nurse: Yeah, you can definitely try. Um, like I said, I'll research on my end and then if you wanna do a little bit of research too and then
Patient: I say, I can't, I can't do any of the research other than that phone call because I can't do anything online. That's whatever it is, whether it's seizures or vertigo, it is seriously triggered by looking at a screen or trying to read. Yeah. Well, do whatever
Nurse: You can do and then I'll work on my side of things and then, um, like I said, I'll give you a call back once I research and kind of see what's, what's in the area close to you. Ok.
Patient: Ok. I'm kind of surprised. I haven't had any luck because, I mean, I mean, other, I mean, I was given names, I don't remember if it was, maybe it was from, uh, oh, gosh, I forgot her name. So, one of the nurse cares, uh, uh, management team. Uh, so I think it was the last one I had, she had, she, she gave me a name of like, two s that supposedly would, you know, like [PHI-Personal] my copay or whatever or do that. But they turned out they didn't, well, 11 was odd because they only did it if I, if you're HIV, positive and the other one just never even called me back. So I assumed she didn't do it. But anyway, I, I, you know, I, I know that some counselors have sliding skills so that I don't, it seems strange that there's not somebody out there that takes my insurance that wouldn't just be willing to [PHI-Personal] my $30 copay and you know what I mean? And still get paid from the insurance. So, it seems like that must be possible, but it's, if it's almost like a needle in a haystack,
Nurse: Yeah, I'm not too sure myself, but like I said, I'll take a look into it and try to see what resources I can find and then um I'll give you a call back. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Um One other thing is it might be relevant because it might be in your notes, but just because they gave them uh because I think the same nurse gave me, she thought at one point that she, that she found, she talked to the insurance company and that they said they would [PHI-Personal] my co pay that the insurance, my insurance company would, you know, cover the copays or wa but when I called that number, that wasn't the case. My insurance company didn't do that at all. It was just that apparently my insurance company had hired paid this person who was very nice to help me find resources in the community. But then none even really nice and said, I could reach out, back out, if I could get online and find their information again, I would do that. But at the moment I can't, um, but it turned that because, because, but, but none of those things that she gave me down, she was actually, that was the one I think that told me about the, the one that end up with the HIV and whatever and all that stuff. So, so just so, you know, if, if you see that and they come up with, uh, supposedly that my insurance company will do that, they don't,
Nurse: Yeah, I think I have read that previously. Um, so I won't use that resource. I'll look into some other ones.
Patient: Ok. Um, so, yeah, let
Nurse: Me get a few things going here and then I will call you back, uh, with Doctor [PHI-Personal] information, you know, as far as the neurologist and then also, um, with some resources.
Patient: Ok. Ok. Yeah. Yeah. Let her and when you reach out to her, let her know because you know that vertigo slash seizure thing has calmed down for, you know, when I was staying here Friday, I thought I was gonna pass it but let her know it just slammed me again. So, got you. Ok. So she knows that. Yeah. Yep. Ok. So, yeah,
Nurse: I will be getting back with you soon.
Patient: Ok. Ok. Thank you. Yeah, no problem. Mm. Mm. Bye. Bye. Bye bye.
