Nurse: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Yeah, hi, this is [PHI-Personal]. You had just called a little bit ago?
Nurse: Yes, thank you for calling back. Let me pull your chart up here. So I was calling you because you qualify for our care management program. And, uh, what it is it's a monthly phone call from the care management nurse where she would check in with you in between your office visits and she'd answer questions and go over your medications or refills if you need them. Um, and all the calls are documented. So they're sent over to the doctor for review. So it's treated as a billable service to Medicare, Medicare Advantage plans, secondary insurance carriers subject to your deductible and co insurance. So you may receive a statement from the practice for the service. Um, but it looks like you have a $0 co pay. I was wondering wondering if you wanted to reenroll. It looks like you were enrolled a while back, but it's been a little over a year since you've had a phone call.
Patient: Um, I don't specifically recall being checked up like monthly, but, um, I'm fine with that if that's what you wanna do. Um, and in a way, um,
Nurse: Go ahead
Patient: In a way. It's, um, a good coincidence, um, that you just called because, um, I, I had a bad test result, um, last week. So I contacted my primary on the, my chart in the mail and said that I'm gonna need a referral, I guess to G I doctor because that's what it said in the chart that I needed to start seeing a gastrointestinal. Um, because I have a gallstone, a gallbladder that might need, need to be removed. And, um, so I have a referral. They just contacted me in between your phone call and, and now, um, my primary said, ok, uh, a referral is put in for you. But, um, I don't, I, I don't know what doctor to call at us. F I don't know how to make an appointment for, um, to get set up with a new G I guy person.
Nurse: Can you do that?
Patient: Can you, can you help me do that? Do you steal me the right phone number to call to get an appointment with the gastro, uh, G I doctor?
Nurse: So, uh, the nurse may be able to help out with that. I'm not too sure if she would or not, but I know that, you know, she does work under, is this, uh, gonna be somebody at, under the Tampa General umbrella or like the doctor?
Patient: Uh, yeah, I'm, I'm under the umbrella of Tampa General but I've been having all of my doctors just because it's close by. I see them all at, um, at us F center.
Nurse: Ok. So if it's under the general, you know, location, um, an umbrella, then the nurse which should be able to help you out with that. And especially if you already have your referral. So, uh, what I'll do is I'll send her over a message to give you a call and maybe she can steer you in the right direction, um, in getting help with that. And so I just put all the notes here, um, you know, for the nurse and I'll send this message over to her now and then in the future, what's better for you, morning or afternoon calls,
Patient: Not early in the morning. Um, but, um, if it's 9, 10 o'clock in the morning, that should be fine. Ok? I'll just put, I don't, I don't answer unknown numbers. So if, if you don't, if someone was to text first and say we're about to call you, um, you know, I will pick up the phone, but if it's an unknown number, I just dismiss it. You, you would, they would have to get a call, they have to leave a message and I would call them back.
Nurse: Ok? Yeah, no problem. If you don't answer, then we definitely would call you back and then whatever nurse, whatever number the nurse is gonna call you from, that's gonna be the number she calls you from each time so and you'll be assigned to just one nurse. Oh,
Patient: Alright then I then I then I'll set it up on my phone. That's fine. Good, good to know.
Nurse: Ok. Alrighty. So I'll go ahead and send this message over to her now then. Ok, thanks for your help. Ok, thank you. Have a good one. You too. Thanks. Bye.
