Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal] in North Care manager.
Patient: Yes, [PHI-Personal] returning your call.
Nurse: Sure. Uh, let me just pull you up. Here you go. Yes, I did give you a call. How are you?
Patient: I'm fine. I'm sorry. It's taking me so long to get back to you. I've been just crazy
Nurse: Busy. You're fine. I'm glad you're busy. It's good for the mind. So, how have you been feeling? This is just a check in just to see how things have been going.
Patient: Yeah, it's fine. Uh I'm doing, I'm doing fine. I'm doing all right. Had a nice, uh, appointment with [PHI-Personal] and so all is, well, I have my, um, first meeting with doctor on [PHI-Personal] to start the colonoscopy and, uh, they sent me the paperwork and I got all that filled out and ready. So I think we're all set there.
Nurse: Have you had a colonoscopy before?
Patient: I think this is my fifth one.
Nurse: Oh, so you're a pro at it?
Patient: Yeah. Oh, I remember the dings of the milk jugs and having to drink all that chalky crap. And the last one I had was, you know, some, some, uh, uh, uh, uh, granule stuff in a non dyed Gatorade and drank that and that was nothing. So, it was just piece of cake.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, I remember the milk jug days too. I don't know how anybody did it then to get all that stuff down.
Patient: Yeah, it was just awful. Yeah.
Nurse: Um, I know you're used to it but just, I have to go through a few of the tips anyway. It's just protocol. Uh, make sure that you're staying nice and hydrated. Uh, anything clear, like clear broth, clear drinks, try to stay away from, um, any of the dyes which you already know if you do have trouble leaking towards the end. A lot of people wear, depends, it seems to be very effective. Uh, and they make them really thin now so it shouldn't be too bulky on you. Um, and then if you get sore from going to the bathroom so much you can put like a, uh, Vaseline or A and D or something just to soothe the area.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I've never, I've never had any problems with that. So, you know, I don't anticipate anything
Nurse: Good and there, there is always a risk, so I always have to mention that as well. Um, it's very rare but they, you know, on occasion there have been people who have been punctured during it. So, um, you know, it's not completely risk free. Um, I always like to put that out there. All right. Awesome. And then it is Mental Health Awareness Month. So I'm just going through a quick, um, I don't think you did it at your last appointment. Just a quick, uh, questionnaire. I'm gonna go down the list. Let me know if you're struggling with any of these in particular. Uh, have you lost interest or pleasure in doing things that you used to enjoy? No feeling down, depressed or hopeless, no change in sleep or appetite.
Patient: Um, yes, I, well, I, I don't sleep well and I have very bizarre dreams and I'm trying to figure out what they are and if they're anxiety over all the stuff going on, I'm preparing the plans and things for the renovation, a major renovation in my house, plus the summer stuff and the garden tour for the that happens. And so I got a lot going on this summer and I think it's just a little bit of anxiety and my dreams are kind of reflecting certain anxiety issues, but I'm getting by, I'm fine. It's just that I, it's annoying to wake up so much during the night.
Nurse: Understood. And, and if it doesn't, ok, if it doesn't go away, I mean, there's, um, sometimes some of the medications can have some side effects. Sometimes, um, you can try more natural things like root or magnesium. Um, those I actually take magnesium for sleep to help me at night. Um, so if you don't wanna add it, it works. Usually, I I get a specific brand. It's called, um, Seven Salt Magnesium from Biogen. It's a little more expensive but it is phenomenal. I, I have, um, I struggle with health, health issues on my own and my Lyme doctor uh, recommended it and it is phenomenal. I, I recommend it to everybody. So, um, did you
Patient: Ever try, did you ever try Melatonin in your life?
Nurse: I've never tried it. I know pretty much 90% of the country has tried it. I just haven't,
Patient: I just wanted because I tried, it didn't do a thing for me.
Nurse: Yeah, I don't, I I hear hit and miss with it. So for the people that it works, it works great for the people that it doesn't, you know, it's, it's frustrating. So um and I I heard [PHI-Personal] root is pretty good as well. So that's another more natural one you can try. Ok. But um other than that, I'm glad you're doing well. Um if you know, if the anxiety, if the dreams don't go away and the sleep doesn't improve in a few months, definitely let us know, but otherwise I'll be checking in probably end of summer and if you need anything before then just let us know. Ok, I appreciate it. Alright, [PHI-Personal] have a wonderful Memorial Day weekend. You too.
Patient: Take care now.
Nurse: Thanks. Bye bye
Patient: Bye.
