Nurse: This is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you?
Patient: Uh, returning your call from yesterday?
Nurse: Uh, yes. Give me one moment. Let me bring you up here. What's your date of birth?
Patient: Uh, 2, 10 50
Nurse: Six. All right. Let me just pull your chart up. Um, yeah, I was just giving you a call to check in and see how you're doing. Are you having any issues or concerns with anything?
Patient: No, other than the, the timing is right. I had probably the worst, uh, case of stomach flu that I've ever had. Oh, no. And I still have a little bit of diarrhea, like the second day.
Nurse: Ok. When did it start? When did you start with the symptoms? Tuesday night? Ok. Anybody else around you
Patient: Sick? No. No. My grandson had a couple of weeks ago. Ok. It was, it was a violent strain though.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. Were you vomiting as well? Oh,
Patient: Yeah. Significantly.
Nurse: Ok. So you were like, in a real bad spot?
Patient: Yeah. But it, I guess not to be more, uh, gross, but it was more of a violent vomiting that I've ever had that, that I remember.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, definitely one of those and they've been going around those stomach viruses. Um, they always do, obviously. Um, but you said you're still having some diarrhea right now?
Patient: Ok, obviously. But other than that,
Nurse: Right, are you trying to make sure that you are, you know, drinking fluids to stay hydrated with the diarrhea?
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. And I'll start that prep diet today.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah. The bananas, the rice, apple sauce and the toast that can really help with it as well. Um, and I know, you know, sometimes when you're sick and you have these stomach viruses, you don't, you know, your diet can also take a while to come back as well because you don't wanna eat and your body just doesn't, you know, is not ready for it, honestly, especially if you were having such violent vomiting. Um, you know, you, that's the last thing you probably wanna do is eat obviously. Um, but yeah, just take it slow, don't, you know, push yourself to eat too much at a time, just, you know, even if it's just a little bit of nibbling and stuff here and there to kind of just get you through. Um, you can do that. But, yeah, you know, the brat diet is good because that really helps, um, with it and then, you know, that'll hopefully help settle things down a little bit. It's also, you know, your body is trying to get rid of whatever virus it has in it. So you just wanna kinda let it happen to get it all out, obviously. Um, and, you know, like you said, it's probably from some kind of virus. Um, it's, you know, very common form of the stomach, you know, stomach flu is some kind of virus going around that kinda gets you, um, just try to rest as much as you can, um, to get your energy back and then, you know, you just wanna try to drink some fluid to stay hydrated. We don't want you getting dehydrated from it and I, I know you probably, your stomach probably still feels like all up in the air and that will, um, but it'll eventually start to get better but you know how it can be afterwards. You just, you don't, you just feel miserable, you just feel completely run down, probably. Um, yeah, it just kind of like knocks you for a loop. So, yeah, try to drink some fluids if you can. Um, I don't know if you like Gatorade but those that have the electrolytes in it, that can be really helpful as well. Um, do the Brad diet just slowly as you can. Don't force yourself to eat too much. If you feel like you're done, then just be done. Um, but yeah, I mean, you'll, you'll get there just slowly but surely. Um, those things are a pain. Those stomach viruses are, they can be brutal. They really, really can. Um, and there's been some really, really crazy ones going around recently. So it sounds like you might have gotten that one unfortunately. Um, yeah, but, um, I'm glad you're not vomiting anymore. I'm sure you're glad you're not vomiting anymore. I know it. That, that can be, that's probably the worst part, honestly. But, um, I'm glad you're starting to feel better. But, yeah, just do that rest as you need to. Um, you don't want to overdo it or push yourself too much. Um and then do you need any refills of your medications? Are you ok with them?
Patient: Yeah I think I just called in for the amLODIPine. Ok, earlier this week so I'll pick that up.
Nurse: Yeah on the 24th that was sent over to the CV S for you so that was done you and it might have been hard to take your medications while you were vomiting because you may have vomited them up if you were even able to get them down. So um and that's ok that happens but as long as you start taking them again just you know to take it slow. Ok.
Patient: Ok I appreciate it.
Nurse: Thank you. You're welcome if you need anything you can always give me a call. Ok.
Patient: Alright take care. Thank you. You too bye.
