Nurse: Does injure one of the nurses.
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal]. Si, didn't think I didn't sleep too well from this, uh, this guy making this. Uh,
Nurse: Yeah, it's the [PHI-Personal]. They're just, I just wanna preface by saying their suggestions. You know what I mean? It, it may or may not be the issue, you know, if they're just suggestions, it doesn't, you know, th this is kind of his recommendations but, you know, with your providers you're gonna fine tune what's right for you
Patient: Make sense. Somebody watching me [PHI-Account].
Nurse: That I don't, I don't know because that might not even be feasible. Right. That might not even be a feasible thing. So,
Patient: So I, my friends out there that invited me out today. Yeah. And, and, uh, won't be able to do that just watching some caregiver all day.
Nurse: No, I don't know that that's the case. That's why I wanted to make appointments for you to discuss. Like, I mean, that might not even, that might not even be something that is, you know, it work out and you're not, and you're not, the thing is, wait,
Patient: Wait a minute, wait a minute, I left a message with, who knows me pretty well. Yeah, he'll be shocked what, you know, the guy, you know, basically the guy says he's all right in the background, you know what he said? You know what, what, what this neuropsych psychologist said, said him, I'm sorry, I don't like to use that language in front of you. That's what he, yeah, so
Nurse: I don't want you to get upset about this because the thing is it might, you're not homebound so you might not even qualify, right?
Patient: Um, I just go to the gym and I, my
Nurse: Stuff, right? You're not like homebound. So that might not even be something that you would qualify for. So that's why you have your appointment. The,
Patient: The doctor says maybe I need more. He say I need more hours going to cook for me. And, um, yeah,
Nurse: Three more hours for care. Yeah.
Patient: So what they give me morning hours and I can go out in the afternoon after I see these people, you know, possible.
Nurse: Yeah, I, I'm, I, again, that's why you're gonna have the appointment and at the end of the day
Patient: And then wait a minute, he says I shouldn't drive and he said, you know, there is a possibility, a small possibility I might get a car. Where is this guy coming up with? I can't, he's not a medical doctor. First of all that I can't drive, I don't have seizures. I don't have, he told me, I didn't have memory. He told me I didn't have memory loss. So that's what he said to me. Now, if you lie, I haven't seen this report of that, this report you put on my chart and I don't know where, where it is. I want the guy to send it. I don't wanna go to the, uh, neurologist. So, this is embarrassing what you wrote. This is really embarrassing, you know. Um, this is really embarrassing what this guy wrote. It's just, you know, he's a psychologist. He's not a, uh, he's not a nurse, he's not a doctor. Ok. Uh, he's a doctor of [PHI-Personal]. He's not a, he's not a medical doctor. You know what I'm saying? And my psychiatrist will be involved in this.
Nurse: Absolutely. I agree.
Patient: Um, you know, this is, uh, I don't, normally, I don't normally get my psychiatrist involved in this doctor. Can, you know, this is, you know? Mhm. Well, this guy is a trouble maker as far as I'm concerned, you know? Uh, that's why I'm upset. Yes, ma'am.
Nurse: Just
Patient: Like you ever heard me get a, before? You ever heard me, ever get a fight of an, this
Nurse: Guy? Got not the, no, not the, yeah. So
Patient: I got a,
Nurse: Before, before you go there right before you. So
Patient: I, you know, the guy told me that the neurologist said, uh, if you don't go to the memory doctor, which this guy says you have very strong memory, you know, which I didn't know. I mean, you know, this, you know, everybody told me I was having memory issues. I, I don't know. That's why I went to him. Not, not to tell him that I can't do this and that I can't. He said something that I couldn't see shades of color and, you know, whatever. I mean, he's not even an eye doc. I go to an ophthalmologist. I just went to an eye doctor. You said my eyes were fine but, you know, I had a change in my eyesight. But, uh, you know, I'm getting glasses by the [PHI-Personal], which I shouldn't be able to remember if I'm, you know, I shouldn't be able to remember all these things. You know, my brother says you don't have memory loss. People tell me I have memory loss. I don't know where this came from. I don't know where this really came from. I don't have, I don't know why I'm going to a neurologist. Quite honest, quite honest. Yeah. I don't know. What reason am I going to neurologist? What, you know, there's, uh, where is he coming up? That I had, uh, strokes? Where is that coming up? That, I don't
Nurse: Know that, I don't know.
Patient: Is that a made up thing that, is that a made up,
Nurse: That's something you would have to talk to doctor.
Patient: Wait, wait a minute because I went to a, um, cardiologist last year. Mhm. And over, I can't remember his name. He at um do you know that it, you know [PHI-Geographic]? You know that 10 [PHI-Geographic] building I went there. He uh he did an EK, he did an EKG, he did this MRI thing, some kind and they took photos of my heart and then he did a stress uh treadmill and he said to me that I don't need to come back. He says, unless you need something in the future, you don't need to come back. I don't know where this uh freaking that I had strokes. I don't know where that came from. You know what
Nurse: I'm saying? Is that what he said at the appointment?
Patient: Yeah, I mean, it's all made up shit. It's all made up, you know. Um you know, um I don't have strokes. I mean, I have high BP, you know, I, I can't remember to do things because these people [PHI-Personal] me. I can't remember. So. 00 yeah, on the um blood sugar thing, it stopped working the blood uh the the uh we call it the meter. Uh It wouldn't be bad if the freaking nurse came and took my blood sugar a couple times a
Nurse: Week. Yeah, I mean, that might end up, I'm honestly, that might end up being like it's just a uh uh some extra hours. That's why I booked the appointment because I'm reading it, but obviously I'm not the provider, right? I'm reading some of the key points you read about the
Patient: Provider. Can you read that to me again to see what the heck? I, I might have misunderstood what it said. I, I'm still that [PHI-Account], you know,
Nurse: It says from a neuropsychological, this is recommendations. And again, it says from a neuropsychological standpoint recommend that you discontinue driving but you don't drive. So that's not really an issue.
Patient: Right. Well, I might get a car, I might get a car in a short, short business. I might be getting a car. Yeah, he has, he had nothing. You, you know, I never mentioned anything about right? He's the one that mentioned it. Yeah. Ok. Ok. What's the next step
Nurse: From neuropsychological standpoint, recommend patient referred for home health aid or other supervising or other service, supervising supervision, patient likely to benefit from 24 hour care at this time. However, keeping that, keeping that in mind, [PHI-Personal], you may not qualify right for 24 hour care because you're not homebound. So that may be, it's a, it's a recommendation. It doesn't mean that, you know, that's even gonna be able to come into fruition. So why do you
Patient: Think I paid full of it? Why do you think I uh full of it, this guy, you know, he, he, you know, he's making this, you know, you know, he's taken away a uh well, you know, somebody came out of the blue, you know, maybe a car and he just takes it away from, you know, this is, I've never been in an accident in my life, never had a ticket. But this guy, this guy, uh, not even a medical doctor says this.
Nurse: So he's a neuropsychiatrist. So he is a medical doctor but that these are recommendations,
Patient: Right? He's not a medical doctor, he's a psychologist, he's not a medical doctor. We put that, put that side, he's not a medical doctor as far. He's a doctor of [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Ok. Ok. Like you're not a medical doctor but you're a nurse.
Nurse: No, I'm not a medical doctor. So you get that right. Yeah. So that's why because again, again, I, I wasn't a part of the appointment. So that's why I wanted you to discuss, you know, providers because maybe, maybe 24 hour care isn't feasible, but maybe having someone come into the house a few more hours a week is, you know what I mean? That you can get that extra help that you need. I'm just trying to fill in the care gap for you. So if there's something extra that you need, you get it. But those recommendations may, may not, may not even be that they may be and they may not be. So it, it may not work for you. It may work for you like, so this is why you'll have your appointments discussed. I think
Patient: My insurance says it's a maximum nurse for [PHI-Account] hours. Yeah.
Nurse: So, and that's not
Patient: 24 hours like surgery or something. Right. So,
Nurse: Because I talked about when we first, when we first started talking and I was getting to know you, I tried to find out about home care for you previously, right? And they said because you were homebound, you wouldn't qualify. So even though that's a recommendation, you may not even qualify because you're not homebound. So you may qualify for some maybe extra like caregiver hours. But, you know, that's why you have to have that appointment. Now, this,
Patient: The, the, uh, insurance company said that the, the, the, they call, I think they call it janitorial hours or something like that. They said that it was, uh, or the caregiver hours, whatever would be, would be determined by the county.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah.
Patient: So, yeah, the services they don't do the, they, um, I don't know if they pay it the insurance company but, uh, it's basically through aging services. I have four hours right now.
Nurse: Yeah, that's not a lot,
Patient: You know, not a lot, but she leaves before the four hours, you know, but she's not supposed to, but I don't stop her. You know what I'm saying? Um, you know, um, I was angry last, I just cleaned the house. I clean the house a little,
Nurse: You're a, you're a angry cleaner. Sometimes I get like that too. That's a good way to channel your energy.
Patient: Um, you know,
Nurse: So I think for right now, the biggest thing to focus on is, you know, doing your ta your day to day, you know, going to the gym, doing things that you like. Um, you know, certainly doctor, make an appointment with doctor. Um, we need to get you this report so you
Patient: Can have an appointment with on the [PHI-Personal]. And I called, I left her a message and she's gonna call me, she's out today out. She said that she's out today. She's gonna call, she'll be back Monday, so she'll call me.
Nurse: So you know what you can, you could do is you could um,
Patient: Hold on, hold on the [PHI-Personal]. I have an appointment with, I have an appointment with doctor and I have an appointment with um, the injection. I get the injection one perfect all three in the one day,
Nurse: [PHI-Account] in one day. So I would, um, call over to doctor [PHI-Personal] office and ask them to send the report over to Doctor [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Ok. Could you please read the rest of the report to me? Because you're, you know, I'm, I'm sitting there going what these recommendations are, you know,
Nurse: So some of them are medication. I don't really understand them. So that's why I think this is why I want you to go over.
Patient: He's actually, he's actually acting as a doctor. He's telling me that my medication is
Nurse: Not good and then some of them I don't know what it means. So this is why I want you to go over this with the providers. So there's like 11 key points here. No. Can you not see this? Um, is there not an A BS on my chart?
Patient: No, I don't have anything on my chart. He's supposed to send it. He's supposed to. Bye. What is this?
Nurse: Oh,
Patient: Ok. Bye.
Nurse: All right. So I can go through it all. I'm, but I, you know,
Patient: Medication he's recommending medication.
Nurse: No, no, he's, he's hold on, let me see.
Patient: You're not supposed to do that. Bye.
Nurse: The
Patient: Recommendation.
Nurse: Ok. Reco these are recommendations. This does not mean that he's going to implement them. These are just so what, what happens with these, uh, neuro neuropsych psychologies, neuropsychiatry doctors is, um, no neurophysiology. I want a
Patient: Copy of the report when I go to doctor. So you, so you can, they can fax it to him. Yeah, he's on, he's on, um, when I go to, um, race point he's on, um, what do you call it? Uh, he's not there. He's not, I don't think he's in the office. Uh, unless you start going to the office. I don't know. So I see him on, they put me in a room with a TV and they put me in a room with a me. So, um, I can ask more to fax it to doctor, you know?
Nurse: Right. So these recommend the, like some of them are, um, they're just numbers of providers like so it says um patient decision making capacity is adequate to make decisions of medical, legal and financial nature, right? Um Patient should be provided assistance to make decisions of medical, financial and legal nature. See they,
Patient: Because I have to make make decisions. I mean, I asked you for help. I do ask
Nurse: You for help. Exactly. Exactly.
Patient: But I at least I have a t to call you and ask for help. You do. So what is, what is the big deal that I, that's, you don't understand that this guy is, uh, I trust you. I trust this guy because he's saying that 11 line, he's saying that I'm able to do it the next line. He says I'm not right. Yeah, that, uh he's, he was ok, he's supposed to be some fancy doctor of neuropsychology, you know, you know, uh, you know, uh is an LLC sw if you know that licensed clinical social worker masters and uh licensed clinical social worker, she's gonna, she'll know what, you know, and I, you know, and, uh, you know, I only see her once a month. I only see her once a month. She's been seeing me for the last 34 years and she's gonna say, what is this?
Nurse: No, he's actually a neurophysiologist. I thought he was a neuropsychiatrist. So, let's see.
Patient: No, he's a psychologist.
Nurse: Is that what? Ok,
Patient: Neuropsychology. He's a psychologist now, you know, I do know the difference. I, you, you know that I work for Ley, 10 years, you know that [PHI-Personal]. Thank you. Ok. And I, and I know the difference between a psychologist and a psychiatrist. Yeah. Ok. Ok. He's not, he's a me, he's a doctor of [PHI-Personal], this guy, I'm looking it up and he's, uh, he's not a medical doctor just like you are a nurse,
Nurse: Nurse doctor.
Patient: You sent me to a nurse practitioner who has to get probably if she agrees to more care that's gonna, who knows if I'm gonna get it, but
Nurse: You might not even get it. Yeah. So
Patient: I, you know, so,
Nurse: So, yeah, it's just, you'll talk to [PHI-Personal] about it and then it's just, it, it's, it's probably gonna be more, um, looking at the recommendations but maybe like streamlining your needs
Patient: More. What are the other things that he said? What are the other things? He said? He said I had all that wasn't, I mean, I don't, my muscles in my eyes, I've already been told by the ophthalmologist that the muscles in my eye. Not strong. Uh, he didn't say anything critical about it. Yeah. So, so you
Nurse: Just saw the eye
Patient: Doctor, I saw him last year, the ophthalmologist and the retina doctor. I saw them last year. I don't know their name. Great. Us o no problems with those guys. No problems with. They say I have slow acting cataracts and that's what the um, that's what I can't remember the name of it. Uh, optometrist that I went to last nice guy. But, uh, he didn't irritate. Ok. The only guy irritates me is I show him. Yeah.
Nurse: But he's just, you know, he's kind of just like going through and, like, you know, looking at everything and looking at your results and making the suggestions. And so again, there's suggestions,
Patient: You know, that I used to, I've driven for years until my car broke down, never had a problem. And all of a sudden the, the, you know, I drove and this game doesn't even ask me if I'm driving or never ask me. One thing, didn't even out, just pull it down. Yeah, I'm saying no conversation. I don't trust the, I don't trust, don't try. He's a wannabe doctor for you medical doctor. Um Yeah.
Nurse: So they're just, again, [PHI-Personal], I just wanna reiterate their suggestions, their recommendations. It doesn't mean that, you know,
Patient: What are the other things? I wonder you tell me, but I might understand what they are. I don't know what you're saying. Oh, really?
Nurse: So it looks like he's suggesting treatment of depression and anxiety, right? I go to a psychiatrist with that. Right. Exactly. So um we talked, he might, he said mild neurocognitive disorder may. So I don't mild major neurocognitive disorder, mild [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal] uh mild cognitive impairment. Um considera consider initiation of non tropic medication or otherwise medically. And I don't understand what you mean
Patient: By my medication, which I already take
Nurse: Medication. No, no tropic medication
Patient: Is saying, let
Nurse: Me see, let me Google it. Hold on
Patient: Neurotropic medication. I take um I take Depakote. That's, that's a, that's
Nurse: So no, no tropic is also smart drugs. It's a device, uh di diverse group of medi medi medicines whose actions improve thinking, learning and memory.
Patient: Meanwhile, he told me my memory was fine. Yeah,
Nurse: And this is why this is why I said you, you need to have an appointment to discuss, to review the recommendations, right? Because their rec their recommendations, you can go through them with the providers and talk about what you think is appropriate to implement and what you, you know, don't feel like you need and you guys can work that out, right?
Patient: You know, if someone wants to clean my house a couple extra times a week, I don't care.
Nurse: Right. Exactly. So that's what would work for you, right?
Patient: And a nurse comes in for like a nurse is not gonna come in here for 5, 10 hours. Freaking watch a nurse.
Nurse: You know. So you, you're probably right about that.
Patient: So yeah, if I be here 20 minutes, check my blood sugar, check my BP, check my uh
Nurse: Which is probably elevated right now.
Patient: Oh, the medicine, my medicine came yesterday. Oh, I got to talk about that. They had two weeks of, they gave me two weeks of medication because what's that medicine called Benadryl uh is out of stock and they only had two weeks and they're waiting for it to come in. And they also said that the blood, the blood sugar glucometer, um this is [PHI-Personal] Pharmacy said that they will not have the uh um glucose meter. They said they're gonna send the best one that the insurance will provide. And they said that re he's a pharmacist. He was here at my door and he said that he said that, uh, it won't be until next week I get it. I'm here. So I'm just telling you what, I'm just telling you because I don't lie. You know, I don't make up stuff. I don't, you ever heard me embellish things? I don't embellish. You ever heard? That's what gets me mad. This guy's like a fellowship. It sounds like he's embellishing stuff. That's what
Nurse: He's probably has his, like, metrics that he's going through and he's making his suggestions right there again.
Patient: Recommendations. I take medicine. That's what, now I take. What, what is the generic name? I take that. I don't know what it's called. A neurotrophic. It's a medicine neurologist
Nurse: Prescribed it.
Patient: Yeah. And the other medicine I take there's a side effect medicine I take and Depakote is a, is a, uh, medicine neurologist.
Nurse: Yeah. So, the, the, the trihexyphenidyl is, um, an antispasmodic. It's supposed to help with, like tremors.
Patient: Yeah. Urologist prescribed that. But I don't have, I don't have, you know, um, do you feel that I take too much medicine? I shouldn't be driving. I don't know.
Nurse: That's not what he said. Yeah, that wasn't what he said.
Patient: That's what it sounded like.
Nurse: No, it said recommended. Uh, but it doesn't say anything related to medicine,
Patient: You know. Well, we're, we're in the, he, uh, he never discussed that with me. First of all, that just came out of left field and he basically used the ward bomb on me outside the door. You know, he said, what's wrong with him? And he said, and he said, uh, that, that there was an oriental guy doing the test, what's wrong with that? And he, he used the, he used the neuro psychologist, you know, I wouldn't recommend him to a dog. Um, anyway, do I misunderstand what he's saying? Or, um, the reality of what the insurance companies will pay? And, um, you're saying 24 hour, uh, being watched 24 hours since totally outrageous, it's totally outrageous. Uh, because I can't live here for the insurance company won't cover that. Right. I can live, I can't live, I have to go to an AC F or a nursing home and just die.
Nurse: No, that's not, that's not what he's saying. And again, you're not homebound, right? So you have to see your providers and, and, and see
Patient: What, what I stay at home. I have, uh, if I'm home and I'm not with anybody, I have to channel, which I say it again. [PHI-Personal], you know what that is? No, what is that? Uh It's like TV, special TV channel. It's got like music and art, different stuff on there, you know, uh different things. Oh, except this guy calling. But uh I got through senior connection during COVID when they added freaking lockdown crazy with this COVID. I'm sure they drove you crazy too with COVID COVID. Although know people die from Coke, they did die.
Nurse: So I guess so. I, I guess the biggest thing to do is to before you um make any decisions, right? Just wait to talk to the providers, go through the report with them.
Patient: Have you ever heard me get angry and the time, you know me,
Nurse: You know, so and I'm sorry that you're feeling that way, but I think that, you know, the the again, their recommendations are not set in stone, right? They're just recommendations and you know, you'll get together with providers go over it and figure out what works for you and what doesn't, what's feasible and what's not right? Because I mean, at the end of the day, it's your care. You're, you're making these decisions about your own care, right? Yeah. So that may be, it may not be tw your, your, the care that works for. You may not be 24 hour care. You may say I don't need that, but you may say I, I need uh I do need some extra hours helping around the house and with some food prep, you know,
Patient: I cook my, I cooked dinner last night. I, I just did meals on wheels to make things easier for myself.
Nurse: So, exactly,
Patient: $2 a meal, you can't go out for lunch and eat $2 a meal anyway. You know, that, I mean, I have to tell you that going out, it's like minimum 10 bucks, you know, minimum 10 buck go out, you know, even mcdonalds is, I don't go to, I don't go to mcdonald's. Ok. I'll eat a Burger King mcdonald's or Wendy's II. I just don't eat those, those,
Nurse: Yeah, you eat pretty healthy. So, so that's the thing. So those are again, recommendations,
Patient: Right? A woman coming here, I make all kinds of fried food and pork rinds and I,
Nurse: Yeah, that wouldn't be good. That, that would be the opposite of a therapeutic for you. So,
Patient: Yeah, it's just all fried food and stuff. I don't even, I didn't even cook with salt. I don't cook with, uh, see, seasoning, I, I'm very limited on seasoning. I use, you know, uh, sometimes when I'm cooking, I use tea, green tea to, uh, you know, instead of basting and, and use, uh, like oranges or tangerines or, you know, apples or, you know, different fruit to, uh, base natural things to base the, the food. I mean, I, you know what I'm saying? And, uh, I don't know. Uh, I don't know. I mean, I gotta, um, uh, I, I don't know, [PHI-Personal] just so I don't wanna doubt myself guy. You know what I'm saying? Say it
Nurse: Again.
Patient: I don't, I'm doubting myself because of the jerk. No, I think he's a jerk. Excuse me. That, uh, instead of telling the truth, he's his, it is college degree, whatever it is. Where do you get it from? Uh, right. Who knows where you got
Nurse: It? I think, I think it so, I think that, uh probably the recommendations, you know, kind of, right. Um We upsetting for you. Oh, yeah, because yeah, they were upsetting but
Patient: Actually says you were doing very well and you, yeah, have some problems lately but uh, you have some setbacks, right? Part of it was, you know, uh I think I talked about this guy last time, what is going on, you know.
Nurse: So, so I think you were upset about the recommendations, right? It, it kind of um, triggered for you but I'm not
Patient: Pending, I'm not pending any kind of surgeries right now. Uh, no, I'm not. So the insurance company that's when they start, um, having in home nursing, like home health nurse, home health nurse. Uh, you know what I did the other last Tuesday with my friend, she's been through a lot. She, uh, she used to be a home health nurse. She worked at, she was a nurse at, you know, the [PHI-Geographic]. Mhm. Yeah. And, uh, I've known her for years. She got in an auto and hit her head against the windshield when she was going and she wasn't the same after she still a nice girl. She still in. Yeah. So her processing is not there. Ok. But she also has a renal, she goes through dialysis and she has lost maybe ba other things wrong. A lot of things wrong. She's in her [PHI-Personal]. Very pretty girl. Her brother was an actor on TV. And, uh, what, yeah, his brother went, I don't know where she went, you know, high school, you know, her dad knew my dad, you know, like back, you know, [PHI-Geographic] [PHI-Personal], you know, so things, you know, and, uh, you know, and, um, you know, and she went, oh, she had, she has can female cancer and, uh, she's [PHI-Personal] years. So I went with her on Valentine's Day and she said that I made her, I made her Valentine's take her to, uh, taking her to take care because I know when I went through cancer I did it all, you know, basically there was pat there, you know, I was with the school name, you know. You know, and, uh, I still didn't have anybody that really help me. And, uh, it's during, it's not easy going through chemo and surgeries and stuff like that, you know. You know, I went, did it in [PHI-Geographic] [PHI-Personal]. Doctor [PHI-Personal] used to practice at [PHI-Geographic]. He was a urologist. I don't think he's could be practice so he couldn't be practicing anymore. Doctor [PHI-Personal] was the oncologist. I went through about eight months of chemo. So, off and on. So. So, um, yeah, I know. You know, she said, you know, so me, a friend of mine, [PHI-Personal] and, uh, her, we're going to ABC Pizza. I've been there in years. I don't know any good anymore. ABC. Pizza is her mom lives in height. We're gonna meet up and have as friends pizza, you know, or salad. I'll have the Greek, so I'll have a Greek salad. I don't know if you've ever been there as well. I, the only places I like for pizza, um, uh, [PHI-Geographic] [PHI-Personal] Beach, Corner Post in Clearwater Beach. Uh, like, uh, [PHI-Geographic] on [PHI-Geographic] [PHI-Personal] Beach and Jaros on [PHI-Geographic] [PHI-Personal] Beach. Well, [PHI-Personal] is pretty good. I don't know. Probably not a good place. I eat pizza. To be quite honest, you know, to be honest with you, I don't, I don't eat, no, I haven't eaten, uh, spaghetti in a year and a half. Wow. Or, or macaroni and cheese or, um, no pasta. I haven't eaten pasta or, um, yeah, I don't really eat too much. I don't eat French fries, you know, I don't eat stuff. It, it, fast food places love French fries. All right. But, uh, like they're not, you're, you're gonna expect, I guess people expect French fries the last time on the fast food place was, uh, what's that place? The chicken? What's that chicken? Where they all, they closed on Sunday? Oh, Chick [PHI-Personal], yeah, the last one. Yeah.
Nurse: All right. So, as far as this visit, right, we're gonna take the rec, we're just gonna put the recommendations to the side so you can talk to the providers about it. Right. We're not gonna worry about it right now. You can start to look at like what kind of things you think would be helpful in your life? Like adding care. I'm gonna need a co
Patient: I'm gonna need a copy of this. You need a copy. Yeah, so I bring it to uh doctor on the [PHI-Account] on the [PHI-Account]. So that uh somehow he gets a copy of it because this
Nurse: Is right. Yeah. So I'll call to get you a co I'll call to get you a
Patient: Copy of it. I hate to say this doctor.
Nurse: Yeah. Well, you can review it with him. So, so let's, you know, you can start making, maybe start making a little journal or a list of what you think you would benefit from as far as further help, right?
Patient: Uh Money.
Nurse: Money. Ok. Money is one. you know, so you know, you know, how many hours do you think you would benefit from having someone? Like, what kind of services in the house do you think you would benefit from, you know, like further services, you know, you can write, start making a little journal for yourself about that. Ok. Um, as far as the a recommendations, don't assume the worst, you know, just the recommendations, something you're gonna review. Um, once you, if you start getting, uh, anxious, you know, a routine can ground you and sending, you know, kind of like redirect your thought. So maybe, you know, get into a routine, do some cleaning, um, maybe do some reading, watch your favorite show, get some exercise, get out and get a walk, you
Patient: Know, I watch TV shows anymore. Really. I really don't watch that stuff. I just watch on the, oh, really? I don't know any of the shows that on TV anymore. I don't really, to be honest, I don't have, I don't really watch much TV. Uh, I don't really watch the TV shows anymore. My, when I was a kid I did but, you know, I don't have interest in it, you know, I watch a football game once in a while, you know, I didn't even watch, you know, for guy, I didn't even watch the Super Bowl. Which, oh, ok. Yeah.
Nurse: So, yeah, so keep your routines. Keep your, even though you got this, this news and I
Patient: Said I watch the Super Bowl unless the Bucks are in it. Or the Dolphins. The, the, uh, you know, the, um, uh, I, I wasn't invited to a Super Bowl party and my friend [PHI-Personal], his mom died. You know, one of my best friends, [PHI-Personal], his dad, his mom, her mom died.
Nurse: Yeah, I remember you saying that.
Patient: Yeah. And uh got it. Um, you know, I got a scammer freaking trying to call me scary.
Nurse: So even though, so I know you were upset about it but stay in your routine, ground yourself, you know, routine can ground you and send signals to your mind that you and your body that you're in control and safe. So keep going through your day, do your daily stuff. I, I
Patient: Think this neuropsychologist tries to destroy people.
Nurse: I don't know, but I think he, so those are just recommendations, right? I, that doesn't mean that, that he's saying this has to happen from his standpoint. That's what he's recommending. But like I said, you take those recommendations, right?
Patient: You're gonna. Right.
Nurse: Right. So that's not, that's probably not feasible for you, right? So you take those recommendations and say, ok, maybe 24 hour care is not feasible for me, but maybe um three hours a day is, so that's, you'll take those recommendations. Work with the provider.
Patient: Actually, the other problem is is that I wait for the uh s on wheels. I usually, I'm out of the house. Yeah, it's annoying what I'm saying. So, and
Nurse: You're not homebound, right? So you're not bed bound, you're not home bound.
Patient: So that's what uh this guy wants me to do. That's what he wants.
Nurse: Now he's so he's just making those recommendations.
Patient: So he want you to be home bound and just look at a caregiver and freaking stare at her all, you know,
Nurse: And again, [PHI-Personal], I could be, that's why I made the appointment because I'm reading what it says, but in case there's something that I'm misunderstanding, that's why I booked the appointment so that you can go through and discuss this further with [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Oh, with, but not doctor
Nurse: No, with [PHI-Personal]. So,
Patient: All right. So that's next month and I will see the psychiatrist by uh I want a copy, I want a copy mailed to me the uh of the report so I can give it to. Uh so because nobody cooperates with anybody. Grace Point. Don't cooperate with uh US F group daycare, which is this doctor of the list. Doesn't cooperate with the US F I don't get it. I don't know why they don't cooperate with each other. It's just stupid.
Nurse: You know, that makes it when they're not communicating. It does make it hard, hard. So, yeah,
Patient: You know, we didn't get, we didn't, we didn't get the report because we're day care and they, that's what they lost. It's,
Nurse: It's tough, it's tough getting reports over. So, but again, so
Patient: I'll, I'll, that you asked me to see a neurologist and I was seeing doctor.
Nurse: Yeah. And he didn't take your insurance. Right.
Patient: Correct. And what us f and this is, you need to see us f, said you need to see a general neurologist. I'm thinking, why do I need to see a neurologist in the first place? I have. Yeah, I'm really, uh, don't know why I ended up with a neurologist in the first place. I don't know why I was recommended to see a neurologist in the first place. I have no idea. I have no idea. I would have. Let's see, why was that recommended the first place? I have no
Nurse: Idea. I'm looking
Patient: Right now. I have no clue. I have no clue why I was right by who by who was I referred to? Who decided I was gonna go to? Log, I have no idea.
Nurse: Uh Doctor [PHI-Personal] put the referral in. Um, it says a history of Doctor [PHI-Personal] put the referral in history of what C VA what's C VA cerebrovascular accident? So, history of a stroke,
Patient: Who the heck was that? I never had a stroke. I never had a stroke. I, you know, I don't think I had a stroke. Is Doctor [PHI-Personal] saying I had a stroke. The neuro, the, the cardiologist number said I had a stroke at, uh,
Nurse: That's just what the referral, the diagnosis for the referral is. So, and then I know that was for Doctor [PHI-Personal],
Patient: That's where the stroke came from. Uh Did you ever check with the, the [PHI-Personal] ever check with the cardiologist to see if I had a stroke.
Nurse: What did that? Um, I don't, that's just what the diagnosis says.
Patient: I keep getting these scam. Likely calls to me.
Nurse: Oh, yeah, you gotta get those blocked, right. The scam likely those are tough. Um, so keep, keep doing your exercise, eat healthy to help alleviate the stress and the worries. And again, once you start, if you start getting worried, you don't get in your routines or either go for a walk. So, so
Patient: Doctor said I had ac va that's it.
Nurse: No, that's what the diagnosis for the referral. That's what's connected to the referral.
Patient: So that's how I ended up seeing doctor
Nurse: Doctor [PHI-Personal].
Patient: What about all backward?
Nurse: That I don't know. I can't, I'm trying to see if I can find that referral. Let's see. It says the same thing. No, that's no, that's hold on. Where's doctor? Right. Let's see. When did you s well, how long ago was that? Let's see. Is this? 00. frequent falls. Memory loss for back. Right.
Patient: I don't have, I don't have memory
Nurse: That and that was from a referral from [PHI-Geographic]. So I think so. I think the big thing is to
Patient: Get you that I think I was falling but I didn't have any, I have BP issues.
Nurse: Yeah, that's why I have to check your BP. That's why we got, that's why you have the machine. So, so k you're taking your medicines, right? You have your appointment with your, with uh, Doctor [PHI-Personal] you have your appointment with [PHI-Personal], right? Yeah. Ok, I'm gonna call over to see about getting the report over to doctor uh, Pili. Ok. Yeah. Are you there?
Patient: Hello? Why you mail the report to me and I'll give it to.
Nurse: Ok. All right, I'll say that you're requesting the report that that works too. Ok. Um, and then you'll go over the recommendations. I mean, the report might say something completely different. Like, who knows? Right. So let's just wait and see and then go over it with the providers. So for right now, the recommendations that say they're on
Patient: Hold saying that I need [PHI-Account] here, far as I'm concerned, that's what he's saying.
Nurse: That's how, right. That's what it, it, ok. So as far as you're concerned, right? Like
Patient: What that guy pay for that, what him pay for,
Nurse: He said likely to benefit from 24 hour care at this time. So, but that's likely likely, right. Likely. That doesn't mean that that's what's gonna happen.
Patient: Yeah, because he's an idiot. I don't know where the C VA came from. Oh, I put down that I had a stroke. I never had a stroke. A ti a, there's nothing in my record saying I had a ti a or anything. Where, where'd that come up? Where did that come up? Um, I'm gonna have to call the car, I'm have to call the cardiologist and ask them if I ever cardiology to get a stroke, if I ever had a history of a stroke because he dismissed me because he says you're, you're ok and that, uh, they're called ischemia or something like that broke. Yeah. No, I don't have that. I know. Where did they come up with, where [PHI-Personal] come up with this stuff? Is this something that his office made up to give me an appointment for a neurologist? I don't think so. Hold on. Let's see. That's a possibility. That's a possibility. That's a possibility. It, um, so is he a medical doctor, this guy? Because he's saying I had a stroke? You've mentioned that to me? I said I never had a broke. I told him,
Nurse: Oh, the doctor mentioned that to you.
Patient: Uh The freaking whoever is.
Nurse: Ok? All right. So I think what I'm gonna do because I, I think that there's a lot of questions about this past visit. Um I'm gonna call them and have them send you the report and I'm also gonna ask them to go over some of the rec go over your questions, concerns about the recommendations. Ok.
Patient: So I can't do it today because that's fine.
Nurse: Yeah. So because I think there's like, you know, you have too many questions about what the report said that I can't answer for you. You know what I mean? This is, so we'll, so I'll call over, see if they can reach out to you and follow up with you on some of the recommendations and some of your concerns with them and you know about the report.
Patient: Yeah, this, this is caused a lot of trouble for me.
Nurse: Yeah, that was not my intention. So
Patient: Now, you know why I was mad because it cause issues that, you know, I have enough dealing with this building. I have enough dealing with these people in this building. They're all drug dealers and freaking ex cons and, you know, and they make up stuff, they're, they're freaking paranoid, you know, and freaking, I have to deal with this every freaking day in this building. You know, my friend said I'll call, I'll call Mr [PHI-Personal]. He's with the, uh, he's, uh, he's in the intelligence with the Department of Justice and, uh, he'll, he'll take care of this place, you know, if they're, but, you know, he went to high school because a friend of mine went to high school. But, um, anyway,
Nurse: Yeah, so we'll call, so one thing at a
Patient: Time, right? Mean, they're not supposed to be smoking in this building and it's like is into the maintenance guys room and re of cigarettes, you know, I don't care. I really don't care, you know,
Nurse: And that's why you're, you're making plans to move, right? So you're making, you're making plans to transition out of that building because it's, you know, it causes you, the stressors. So for right now you're there. So try to, you know, set and continue to set those healthy boundaries, you know, distance yourself from unsafe situations or
Patient: Situation. You know, there's a rule, you know, there's a rule in this building now that they made nobody can visit anybody in the building. Ok? Because these people are so bad that you can't have a visitor. Yeah, that's all we on the bill now. You know, it's an unfriendly building cause they accu people accuse people of stealing things when they live. Yeah, I used to have visitors all the time that managers brought all these freaking people in [PHI-Personal]. So yeah, I used to have visitors all the time from people in the building. This, this is uh unreal. What, what's going on? He's a prison. He was a prison guard. The girl, [PHI-Personal], who I always got along with [PHI-Personal]. She was a secretary. She was mad that she didn't get the job and uh well they asked her to train this guy with a job so she got mad and left her daughter lives here now. They treat her so bad that the people in here see her so bad that [PHI-Personal] uh she's around my age somewhere. She, she's married and she's moving to [PHI-Geographic] and her daughter who's death. A you, she's about [PHI-Account] you know, and a very beautiful girl. They can't, they can't stop harassing her but she's gonna have, they're gonna build her a house and right next door to that they don't wanna put up bullshit. They should. And now that, you know, I don't have support like that, I don't have support for family like that. Yeah,
Nurse: That makes it hard. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah. And people realize I don't have visitors from my family. They know that they're criminals. They, they watch, they watch the Boit and I, you know, and, uh, well, is for, uh, what do you call that getting charges taken off or not? You know, take it off when people have been in prison and stuff like that
Nurse: Is that, I don't know. I'm sorry, I,
Patient: Well, I've never been in prison, I've never been in trouble. The only time I was in, was in first grade and, uh, we visited the gel on [PHI-Geographic] [PHI-Personal] Beach and, uh, and, uh, they locked us up in the y and the girls all cried and I laughed and they let us out. It was, we just visited jail. It looks like the gel where Otis, remember Otis from? Andy [PHI-Personal]. Yeah, that's what it looks like. But it's not there anymore there. So the girls cried because they put him in jail. I said this is what happens when you're bad. That's what they said was the first, it's like, that's probably considered abuse now. But I think the police thought it was funny or something, you know. But, uh, that's about it. I've never been in trouble in my life. That's right.
Nurse: Well, that's good. Staying out of trouble. So.
Patient: Well, I don't know if this guy, uh, how much trouble this, uh, neuropsychologist is you might be a phone. Who knows?
Nurse: No, I think he's just, he's again recommendations to discuss further and to see what works for you. That's kind of, you know, my standpoint. So I will have the office reach out to you to discuss further, um, and then to send you that report and you know, if you start to feel like you can't control you, you're starting to feel anxious or overwhelmed or any feelings of wanting to hurt yourself or others, then you call 911 and you go to the hospital, right? But hopefully it doesn't get to that and hopefully we can get the report and you can kind of get a better understanding of like, you know what the recommendations are again, what's gonna work for you? You
Patient: Said I'm gonna hurt myself.
Nurse: No, nobody said I'm saying if you have those feelings. So yeah, if you have those feelings, I understand that I've had those,
Patient: I've had those feelings since my uh nephew freaking uh overdosed. Yeah, he was
Nurse: True. Yeah. So that, I mean, so it's just, you know, just put a plan into it, put an action plan into place and you know, we'll go from there. So, so I'm gonna call over now to, to doctor about getting the report over to doctor s office.
Patient: No, I want, I want a
Nurse: Copy. Oh, that's right. You want it mailed? Sorry.
Patient: Yeah, I, I he has a lot of explain. Ok. Interrupting in my life. All right, I'm gonna go.
Nurse: Ok. All right. Well, thank you for calling me back. So and you know, one step at a time, right?
Patient: All right. Good bye.
