Nurse: This is [PHI-Personal]. May I help you? Yes, this is [PHI-Personal]. Uh what I'm calling about is, is uh I've been getting, I got two calls this morning from the hospital from and I'm just wondering if it's, they were calling, my husband picked up the phone and then he said nobody was there so I don't know. But what I was wondering is is there anything that I need to know because I do know I have some um things coming up out at the hospital so this is [PHI-Personal]. Can you help me or? Yeah, let me see if your nurse, [PHI-Personal] available. [PHI-Personal]. Hold on one moment. Ok. Yeah, thank you.
Patient: Let's see. Yeah. Yeah. Hello. This is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you?
Nurse: Yeah, [PHI-Personal], this is [PHI-Personal] uh this morning uh the hospital called and took, he said hello and nobody came on and then he, they called again and I didn't know whether there was something that was going on that I need to be there or whatever, but there was no response and there was, you know, nothing more said. So I'm just wondering was there something that I had to do? But I, the only thing I have on my thing is, uh, the pain, the, uh, where I have to come for. Oh, shoot. Wait, I got
Patient: It. You said it was the office or the hospital?
Nurse: Well, it said, um, PC and he kept saying hello, hello. And he said they didn't say anything and then they turned around and called again and I didn't know whether something was up or I should call them and find
Patient: Out, have you and have you had any, um, any kind of, uh, um, any orders or any kind of, any kind of labs or anything done like that or any kind of? Yeah,
Nurse: I do. But they're for, for your, for doctor, uh, [PHI-Personal] office. Yeah, I have, um, I have the, uh, for the, um, test. I have to get the, the blood work done and then, uh, the following week I have the media or I have the physical or whatever
Patient: And let me just make sure on here that I'm, I'm gonna look through your, in his charts in a moment, um, for, try to see what I can figure out real quick.
Nurse: But he kept being, you know, he kept saying, well, hello, hello, hello. And nobody come and they
Patient: Said it was up MC.
Nurse: Yeah, that's what he said. I didn't answer the phone. He did. So, you know, it just kind of wonder you have thought they would have called back or said they wanted to speak with somebody, you know? Right.
Patient: And you guys didn't need to schedule any, like, any colonoscopies or anything like that. Just like where they, they weren't, wouldn't be calling you for any of that kind of thing. Right.
Nurse: No, no, the only thing I have is I have the blood work test coming up and then to see Doctor [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Yeah, you're fully, you're fully up to date on all your wellness goals. So there is nothing that would needed to be done there. Um, uh, but his, um, yeah, I don't see anything that would be needed from the hospital. Um, all I can see on his is his, uh, diabetic eye exams too. Did he have that done this year?
Nurse: His, what? His diabetic eye exam? I have no idea. And he's not here right now. We have so many appointments and we just, you know, hey, but, um,
Patient: Well, I'm trying to see what it could have been done but, um, I'm not seeing anything through our office that is showing, um, any, any reason for them to call.
Nurse: Um, and then not to say, I mean, he kept saying hello, hello and then he hung up and then next thing, you know, it rang again and he, he said nobody, nobody's saying anything. So I, that my concern was I was calling your office and all I have is my blood work's coming up and then the visit, office visit with. Yeah,
Patient: You're all set with all that. I don't, I don't, it's nothing on, on our end, so, I'm not sure why they were calling you. If I knew the department that, which department was calling you, I could call and check on that, but I have no idea. Like who to even ask for why they would be calling you.
Nurse: No. And if it were something important you have thought that they would say
Patient: Definitely had to find another way to get a hold of you. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. Ok. Well, just wanted to make sure the air is clear. Yeah. Yeah.
Patient: No worries. I, I don't see anything over here but while I have you on the phone, um, you, I was checking off your wellness goals. Do you see a podiatrist every year? Yes, we do. And when, when is, when was your last time to the podiatrist? Do you know,
Nurse: Uh, Doctor [PHI-Personal] you're talking about? Yeah. Uh, I think it's last month and we got another one coming up. Ok.
Patient: Yeah. And how about, do you, do you still see neurology? Uh,
Nurse: No.
Patient: Ok. No, no. All right. I was just because I was, I end up getting your, um, care plan done for next year. Um, so I just wanted to double check. I'm not gonna have that added to your list if you're no longer seeing the neurologist. This is just, I saw that in the year before that you did that. That's why I had it on your list. So that's, I'm not worried about any of that but everything else you have completed. So, I'm not worried about any of that. How are you guys doing with your medications? Do you need any refills on any of that?
Nurse: No, no. And, uh, but I am scheduled for a mammogram.
Patient: Oh, maybe that was it. So did they call and already make the appointment with you?
Nurse: I've, I've had it. I don't know what, what it's like he answered the phone and he said nobody said anything. So, I don't know, they're
Patient: Confirming your appointment because it's on, it's on the, it's in a couple of days.
Nurse: Yes.
Patient: That's probably what it was. I bet you think they were probably just confirming your, your appointment date and then, you know, for the mammogram. Ok. I can definitely see that if it's a co, if it's a couple days from now, that's probably what they were doing.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, because I haven't had, I get one of those every year and I think this was my one that I needed. I don't know. Yeah. Oh, dear. Well, so how are you doing?
Patient: I'm fantastic. How was your, how was your Thanksgiving?
Nurse: Well, it was, it was nice. We had, you know, we was just, I, because the kids are all and our daughters in Ireland and our sons going this way and whatever. And now I'm all decorated for Christmas and I think I'm all ready. I think,
Patient: I wish I was ready. I tell you that.
Nurse: Yeah. Well, see, you probably have young ones at home. I know. Yeah. 10, 20
Patient: 50, my God. They're getting harder and harder to, to buy for everything's getting so expensive. It's just, oh, my God. Oh, I, sometimes I just hate Christmas sometimes. I just, I wish I didn't. Yeah. I wish I was Jehovah's Witness sometimes.
Nurse: Yeah.
Patient: Oh, my God. It drains me. It just drains me.
Nurse: Well, this is what I told the, I told the kids, um, my son, his and then his daughter, my granddaughter had the baby and everything. Now I did get the baby something. But I said, hey, you guys don't need anything, you know, all year long. You're helping them do this, that and other thing and they,
Patient: That's what I said. But I'm trying to get them things that they really wouldn't want. Like my daughter does like to do animation. I, my oldest, so I, I got her a drafting table for, you know, for her bedroom to be able to, to do that kind of stuff. And then my littlest one she loves make up and, and singing. So we got her like a carry ob machine, like a MP3 player and a little make up table. So, I mean, but it just seems like you just have to get so much. It's just, it's
Nurse: Just, yeah. Yeah, I know it, it, it just is getting to the point where, well, like I said, um, my kids are all in their [PHI-Personal]. My son's [PHI-Personal] my daughter's [PHI-Personal] my granddaughter's 30 they're the one that has the baby and, uh, zo is, um, he's probably gonna be about a month old or something. Ya, I don't know.
Patient: What are they gonna do with anything? A month?
Nurse: I know. I know. The only,
Patient: I think the best thing,
Nurse: Huh? I, I did get the baby. It's, it's uh uh uh oh geez, I, I have to say ac a cover it says babies first Christmas. Oh, that's cute. That's cute. Yeah. And he's gonna, he's not even gonna know about it anyway.
Patient: So hopefully they'll save it, you know, he had it forever. But that trying to get through Christmas and, you know, that's about
Nurse: It. I know. I know and, and I just wish and hope you do have a very merry Christmas.
Patient: You too. And a Happy New Year. But if it's something different and they contact our office about something that needs to go on with you, I'll give you guys a
Nurse: Call. Ok, honey. Well, you take care.
Patient: Thanks. You know, if is still, still good on his HYDROcodone or does he need any
Nurse: More? Uh, I don't know, he's not here. He had to run to the post office
Patient: If he needs it, tell him to give me a call will do. All right, thanks. You have a good day. And [PHI-Personal]
Nurse: Christmas. Merry Christmas to you too, honey. Bye bye.
