Nurse: Hello, this is
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal]. Hey, I was just
Nurse: Calling to check on you to see how things were going.
Patient: Well, things are going too good these days. Yesterday was a rotten day and I didn't answer a bunch of calls. I think some of you guys probably called me. I have to go, I have to go in just now that I'm here to get an echocardiogram. So whenever they call me I'll get off the phone. I got something from the, uh, I think it's the stuff for me to do my, uh, BP, but I haven't taken it out the box yet to even look at it because, like I said, it came the evening before, but yesterday was such a day for me personally. I didn't want to be bothered with nothing. Mhm. So, when I get back home I must take a, a look at it and see what instructions it have or whatever. Uh, you know, uh, [PHI-Personal] called me from the, the dietitian. She called me yesterday. I have, uh, an appointment with her on the phone next Thursday. I'm looking forward to that so much because I told her what I needed help with. I need have to basically put together uh, low protein, low carb diet like together. So she said she could do that. But, um, yeah, I'll probably write a book when I'm done. Excuse me? Oh, go ahead. Yeah. Um, um, you
Nurse: Said you're having an echocardiogram done right now
Patient: In a few minutes? Ok. Yeah. Um, I had the appointment on, um, last Friday and then today, later today too, I also have an appointment on the phone. I cancel it from 11 45 because it will take at least half an hour and I wouldn't have been able to stay on the phone with the doctor while I'm getting transportation and all that to my appointment. So, um, I have that at four o'clock today on the phone as well. So.
Nurse: Ok. Um, I just, I was calling to actually talk to you about the materials that we had sent you over to see if you had had a chance to open them, but there is instructions in there. There's a piece of paper. Um, as soon as you open the box, that piece of paper is on top and it tells you how to plug it in and how it operates and everything. Ok.
Patient: Right. Well, um, I haven't done that yet and I plan on doing it. So if I don't do this, I'll probably take a look at it and see what it is. Doesn't tell you what time I need to take that BP thing. Ok. Does it see what time I need to, to do the BP? You
Nurse: Wanna take it after you, uh, taking your BP medication? You wanna wait 40 minutes and then take it after you take your BP medication.
Patient: Ok, I'm off the, I'm off the BP medication. As of yesterday. I have to call the pharmacy just now. They wouldn't deliver until tomorrow. So I already told them to send me that, but I also need to tell them to send me something else because I told him to hold everything. My son had his, um, psych appointment yesterday on phone and his medication went in. So, um, I called him and told him to hold it until Friday because I'm having my diabetic co, um, appointment with my doctor today and I don't know what he's gonna do in regards to medication if he's going to up the glimepiride or what he's going to do. So I will, um, I don't have any, any, any BP medication today. I'm probably no tomorrow. So I have BP tea. I'm gonna drink it tonight, that's for sure.
Nurse: Ok. Um, so you're seeing the endocrinologist today?
Patient: Yes, about four o'clock on the phone.
Nurse: Ok. Um, I just wanna make sure that your BP is doing. Ok. Did you check your BP at all today?
Patient: No.
Nurse: No. Ok. How long have you been out of the amLODIPine.
Patient: Today is the first day I don't have any it finished yesterday when I spoke to them yesterday. Um I didn't realize that I was on the last one. Otherwise I would tell them send some for me yesterday evening but uh they only deliver Monday, Wednesday and Fridays now. So tomorrow. Yeah, so so I'll just wait I'll be alright. I'm gonna drink some some stuff this evening. I'm gonna drink the BP tea with some tea and that will help me to stay calm. Ok. All
Nurse: Right. Well when you get a chance to get back home and open up that box, you can definitely check your BP with that if you like. Ok, and that'll send us over the information.
Patient: So even though I don't have the the the medication.
Nurse: Yes ma'am. I would still check it even though you don't have your medication.
Patient: Ok? Oh right.
Nurse: Usually we would want you to take your medication then wait 40 minutes and then check your BP. Um, but I just wanna make sure your BP is stable since you're out of medicine right now. Ok.
Patient: Well my even with medicine, my BP will be stable and another one is because I fed up all the medications messing me up. The last set of um the last set of BP pill I actually had, I forget the name of it. Um I had urine blood in the urine for three years. And then they, they did a, um, um, [PHI-Personal] F, I think is his name, Ma Ma urologist that I haven't seen since then. Um, they did the procedure at, at [PHI-Geographic] and he couldn't find no reason why, why there was blood in the urine. And then I went to, while I'm peeing on the toilet and peeing from the procedure. I took my phone and I researched my medication pill and the first side effect blood in urine. I was so mad at all of them. I was mad at the doctors. Well, not him so much but the doctors that keeping well there's blood in your urine. So check the damn medication. Why I gotta do that, you know, ok, Lisinopril, they have given me Lisinopril one time I was taking it and then I had this crazy cough constantly, constantly, constantly. And the doctor upped the medication. He upped it by, he doubled the, the milligrams, the cough got worse. I went back to him. I said this thing I working something is wrong. He said we stop the, the, the Lisinopril. He stopped the Lisinopril. They gave me some kind of Sartan is Losartan or Valsartan or something like that. I started having crazier stuff than what the Los than what the Lisinopril was doing. So I'm, I'm tired, I'm disgusted. I try the medications but every time I try it, it seems like the medication trying to kill me.
Nurse: What about the amLODIPine. Are you doing? Ok on it. Uh
Patient: I've never had no problem with the amLODIPine. I've been on, um, amLODIPine, I've been on amLODIPine for, for probably 20 years. I don't even know how long I went to a heart doctor doctor and, and, and on [PHI-Geographic] somewhere down there and he put me on that after an echocardiogram, he put me on that amLODIPine and I've been on amLODIPine for so long. I forget how many years it's, it's definitely over 15 years. That's for sure.
Nurse: Yes, ma'am. Well, that's good. I'm glad you're able to tolerate that one because it is important to have your BP under control because if not, it could lead to a heart attack or a stroke.
Patient: Yeah, I know I've had that, that neurologist I need to make an appointment with him. He told me that I've had a lot of strokes. I said, no, I didn't. He said, yeah, he said, you see these white things here and that's from the scan in the brain. He said you had strokes. I said, is that, um, that the ti A? He said, no, not really the ti A. He says it's a stroke though from the high BP and the, the diabetes too. He said, but, um, you could have a big one and he gave me the Plavix and as soon as I started to take the Plavix, when I pee on a wipe, it was pink I take the Plavix, I pee on a wipe. It was red. I stopped taking the Plavix. That was a few years ago. The last time I've been to him was about three years ago. It's the same one they gave me for the referral. So I'm going to call him when I get home and make, um, appointment to, to go to the neurologist and the pain management. Those are the two referrals that I have made appointments for yet because I don't want everything to jump up in one and have to go, go, go, go, go all the time because sometimes I'm in so much pain. I don't want nobody talking to me, you know, and it's hard to move.
Nurse: Oh, go ahead.
Patient: No, it's just sometimes it's hard to move.
Nurse: Oh, ok. I do know that you have an appointment coming up with doctor [PHI-Personal] on the 28th. 0, I
Patient: Already have, um, I already have, excuse me, one of my friends is gonna take me to that appointment.
Nurse: Ok. So what I'm gonna do is since you're seeing her on the [PHI-Personal] I'm also gonna schedule you to see, let me make sure I can to see her nurse as well so that they can, um, do what's called an annual Wellness visit. It's just a Medicare requirement. They want you to do it.
Patient: I'm so fed up with that. I, I thought I had that already and they told me no, I didn't.
Nurse: Right. It, it's just meeting with the nurse and going over preventative services. That's what a wellness is. Ok.
Patient: Um, how long is that gonna take? Because the person that's taken me, she's getting up really early. She's [PHI-Personal] years old and don't want, have to have to wait for me 500 hours.
Nurse: It shouldn't take long. They can probably do it right before or right after you see, the doctor
Patient: Would prefer to do it before, you know, during this time that I'm waiting for the doctor. Yeah, but the thing is, I don't know how doctors, but my appointment is 7 30 in the morning. Oh, ok.
Nurse: Let me see.
Patient: Uh. Mhm. That's me. Ok, I gotta go, I, I'll call you back.
Nurse: Ok. No problem. You have a good day. Bye bye.
