Nurse: Good afternoon. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hey, good morning or afternoon. Hi, how are you? Oh,
Nurse: How are you doing?
Patient: I'm feeling much better. Good. Yeah, I, um, actually II, I was, I was just, I don't know why it takes, it took so long for me to find your phone number. But anyway, it's my phone. Uh, I'm doing something. No, I, uh, yeah, I wanted to share with you because, um, um, you know, after seeing, um, what's the name, uh, on Friday we went to, um, we came back to the house, my daughter and I, and, uh, pack some stuff because she mentioned maybe it could be, you know, going over there. It could be, uh, a number of days and I, I kept saying no, I don't want an emergency. I don't wanna go to the emergency room like a kid. But anyway, we, we, um, we packed something and we went to [PHI-Geographic], uh, on S Island. I, I hadn't been there in, I don't know how many years, you know. Um, I guess and, and we've done everything anyway. Um, so I was there, um, Stacy, it was 14 hours to complete. Yeah. With all the testing, they did all the testing and, um, actually it's on that, that sheet that they have, you know, the discharge instructions. Yeah, I had, uh, uh, ct scan, uh, 33 things here. One was with the head with the brain. Uh, I don't know why. But anyway, um, I had, um, the chest x-ray, of course. And the, the blood thing and they did the 20 e even the, the, the what is it, what is it? Well, you know, like the um well, I did, they just did everything, let me put it that way and uh and the EKG everything, I mean it was absolutely unbelievable. The place was packed and um but um thankfully they, they put me in a room. Uh uh yeah. And um and uh yeah, it was, it was comfortable. OK? But um I mean every, every, I don't know what the length was but you know, they, they were coming in the different doctors asking questions about the uh you know, the vertigo and this and that and uh so that was about five of them cause they keep us a cha you know, I have a list of, of the different doctors. It was absolutely unbelievable. But anyway, I um somehow I, I didn't um I had not used that 40 mg um pill which I, I mentioned to the uh to the doctor and another doctor, you know, um uh [PHI-Personal] and, and uh so I would like to, I need to go back to the 20 mg. I tell you what. Um, and I should have left the little, um, the little, uh, BP machine over there because actually I, I've started, you know, since last week I started with, uh my, my machine and somehow, somehow, I mean, I mean, well, of course it was, I, I wasn't doing the 40 I was doing, you know, 20 mg. Uh It's uh I'm back to, you know, my 11 24 1 40 you know, like that never, never what I had in the hospital, but I kept saying what it is is it just sitting here with all the stuff that goes on in the hospital, you know, uh because they get in and out and in and out and, and let me touch this and that and all that. So that, that, you know, my, it was like 11 very high anyway, very high. And uh I guess saying that's what it is. I know when, you know, if I get nervous about something or scared or whatever, I, that's what ha that happens to me. But anyway, um uh so I would like to have my, you know, my, my 20 mg um uh uh you know, send to uh Walmart Pharmacy so I can have, you know, the thing for, for whatever I have like 10, 10 left in this thing. Uh So that's the deal. My dear. It's been, uh, I tell you, those 14 hours would just kill me that when I came back, when we left, like, three o'clock in the morning. Oh, I, um, when we came back to the house, I, at least my son stayed here, stayed that, you know, Saturday night, I, I was, um, you know, I was just, I just have to go to bed and just four hours, but I was just e exhausted, you know, sitting in a chair, sitting in a chair. You don't know whether, whether they're gonna call you or when they called you for the CT for the CT Scan. That was scary because uh, then they said something about the brain. I said, what about the brain? No, it's not, I don't even remember exactly what they said. So, um, but uh according to the, to the, um, you know, the discharge uh thing sheet here, uh everything was fine, all of those tests, everything was fine, everything came out fine. It's just, you know, I have the, the vertigo, um, the vertigo. What is the name? I'm not. Well, honey, uh, um, um, yeah, anyway, I'm just looking up, well, let me ask you
Nurse: This, I don't see any new blood pressures taken on your BP device that we can see.
Patient: That, that what I mean, not, not, not seeing what
Nurse: I don't see any blood pressures taken on the device that I can see what the readings are.
Patient: Oh, yeah. No, because II, I, like I said, I use my, uh, started using my machine again. I mean, and I've always had the machine in the, in like in the kitchen area. And um, so I've had it, I, I've had a number of them that I could, I could bring to you.
Nurse: So I need you to check your, if you're wanting to come down on your Lisinopril Esperanza, you're going to need to check your BP with the device that I can send the readings to [PHI-Geographic].
Patient: Oh um-hum. Ok, because your
Nurse: Last several, your last several blood pressures are high,
Patient: Right? So um ok, so I hope that it uh because I mean, I uh when I went there on Friday, I had both machines with me in a ba and, and a and a, you know, did you? Yeah. Yeah. But then, you know, when they started talking about this and then I should just go directly to the emergency room. Uh then that, that was it, you know, put back in the car. And uh and so it went and then of course, um here on Saturday I didn't, I didn't use the machine because I figure it. Ok, it's already in the box. Let me uh I have mine sitting there so I continued using mine. Ok. But. Mhm.
Nurse: I understand and that's fine, but I need to be able to see what your blood pressures are because um I have a lot of them here that are very high.
Patient: Mhm. Yeah, the last ones, yeah, everything was, was high at the, uh, at the hospital. I know I have one here, [PHI-Account]. The bottom number that was, uh, I guess the very last day, I mean, the, the very last time they took the, because they kept coming, they go. But of course I, I just sat there and I thought I was so freaking scared with all these uh the people coming in, you know, with the, with the um
Nurse: What is, what did they say about you going down to 4 20 mg?
Patient: Um, it says here um OK, so they wrote uh oh when they look in the um medication list. Mhm. Yeah, they wrote uh yeah, they take, take one tablet by mouth. It's again, you know, the, the 40 mg, but I really don't wanna not gonna use that. I am very sorry to, you know, uh of course, you know, I'm gonna use the machine so you could see the reading but II I the 20 mg has been, I mean, a very long time and it always, it I've always, I've had that business that it goes up because, you know, when you're nervous and, and that sort of thing and I was freaked out. I'm telling you just going to. Yeah, so they were high also over there and it just said, um, and it said uh oh, it said ask here. Uh Yeah, Lisinopril 40 mg tablet, blah, blah, blah and Zestril. And I think that Zestril was something that had been offered to me some years back and um it didn't work for me. So I, I ended up back to uh back to um just the Lisinopril, you know. So um yeah, but II I don't wanna, I don't wanna use that. I'm so sorry and I'm not sorry, I mean, I, that's what I need. So what I'm gonna do now for you, I'm going to uh, well, I, I took, I did my, my test this morning like uh [PHI-Personal] or something. Uh, but then it, it's my, it's my, it's my book and all the, and all the, the numbers are on there. So I'll do the next one for um, this evening, you know, because it, uh the sheet that I just got today that you sent out the BP measurements and stuff. Uh it says, you know, you should do it twice a day like in the morning and the afternoon according to that, that sheet. So. Mhm. I, I will look at that and other than that, I, I, I'm telling you, I, I don't know but that's what it is and um, it was quite, quite, quite a thing between just getting there and, and seeing people. Um, oh my God.
Nurse: So you understand that I'm gonna send a message to [PHI-Geographic] to let her know that you're not gonna take the 40 mg that you're only gonna take the 20 mg. I don't know that, that means you're going to agree with that. Um, but I can let her know that that's what you, as a patient decided you're going to do.
Patient: Yeah. Uh. Oh, definitely. Do you
Nurse: Know that I want you to go back to the, er, if you start having chest pain, shortness of breath numbness or weakness, severe headache changes in your vision, difficulty speaking, nose bleed you because a very high BP puts you at risk for a stroke.
Patient: Yeah. No, it might, the stroke or was it a stroke that they were talking about or? What's the other, what's the other thing, what's the other thing, stroke or? Um, that's the other, I can't think of it right now. Uh,
Nurse: Uh, well that's the symptoms I gave you, like changes in vision, um, slurred speech. Those are signs of a stroke.
Patient: Mm. Yeah. No, I, I don't, you know, I mean, I, I have like when we talked and I, and all of that I just, I was concerned of the vertigo, you know, and all of that. But, but that was, I, it was fine according to everyone that came over because they put their hands on me, you know, and let's do this and let's do that. That's it. That's fine, you know. So, um, but I'm, um, yeah, it, it's fine. It's fine. I'm gonna, uh, like I said, I mean, if you wanna let her know, I mean, if that's your, you know, that's your job, that's fine. Um, but II, I do feel, I do feel, um, much better, of course. Um, I don't know. I mean, I honestly, you,
Nurse: I'm glad you feel better. Number one.
Patient: Oh, thank you.
Nurse: Absolutely. But I am concerned that your blood pressures are high and I don't want you. Um I need you to understand that severely high BP is a problem. Mhm. And it can lead to bigger problems.
Patient: Yeah. Well, it, it, so then in, in the 40 mg uh Lisinopril, I mean, uh it, it says because that, that just bothered me the Zestril that and I, I just uh probably that pri oh, but that I, yeah, I can uh that,
Nurse: Yes, it has its and Zestril together makes Lisinopril.
Patient: Yeah. So, um anything that just do, I don't know if it happened, I just think, you know, it's, it's maybe in my family. Um we're like, uh everybody is just uh uh going home at uh in, in, in the, you know, to go if it happens to me, that's, that's ok. But I mean, I haven't had, I have honestly to go honest God to God, I, even while I was there, I was, I was just annoyed with and, and nervous with, with just this whole business and, and that's
Nurse: Fine because yeah, that does contribute to a higher BP, for sure. No doubt about it. Mhm. Mhm. So, you got to work on ways to reduce stress and anxiety as well, which we've already talked about once before.
Patient: Yeah. No, I know. And she made the, the 40 mg thing and I'm, I'm thinking maybe there's something else because, uh, he been, know, there's so many, all these, these pills and things all over the place. But, uh, definitely that was the way that I woke up that morning after having taken, uh, you know, the 40 mg. That was, it was awful. I thought that I was, you know, so I guess it mixed up with the, with the dizziness and all that and, uh, I, I felt very sick. That's when I called you. I remember that too.
Nurse: Ok. Well, I'm gonna let her know. I don't know. Maybe she'll want you to do, would you be open to take 20 in the morning and 20 in the evening?
Patient: Well, um, yeah, maybe that's, maybe that's the thing that, that would be, that would be, I mean, because you, you know that, you know, something like that. Yeah.
Nurse: All right. Well, I will communicate everything to her and let her know, uh, she can look at your notes from the hospital, let, let her know that you don't wanna do the 40 at night. Is there any other options? Ok.
Patient: Yeah. And maybe you suggest that maybe she could do it one in the morning, one in the, uh, in the evening. Ok.
Nurse: Yes, ma'am. I'll see what she says. I don't wanna, definitely don't wanna, so that, that should be the way to do it because I'm not a doctor. So I don't wanna go outside my mouth. You know what I mean?
Patient: That's the thing with the doctor. Doctors have always been, uh, like, uh, you know, on a, on a pedestal. And I, even though she's very, you know, very common and very, very nice. But I, like years ago all doctors were, were like gods. I, I remember my mom and, and that the older group of people, you know, the doctor blah. So.
Nurse: Exactly. That's
Patient: Right. Yeah. Yeah. So, listen, I, should, I take, should I, would you want me to do, uh, the test on this thing and go on, on the, not
Nurse: Right now, not right now because you've been talking to me. I want you to sit and rest and don't talk for five minutes before you check your BP.
Patient: Oh, ok. Ok. On, on the, uh, on, on your machine. I keep saying your machine because, yeah, so, I mean, I wouldn't let it sit here, you know, if I'm not using it, uh, somebody else can use it. Ok. Well,
Nurse: I think it's a good idea that you use it that way. I can see what's going on with your BP. Otherwise I can't see what's going on with your BP, your other one.
Patient: Yeah. Ok.
Nurse: Well, thank you for the update and I will update her. Ok.
Patient: Alrighty. Yes, thank you. Thank you. You're
Nurse: Welcome. Bye bye.
