Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Uh, [PHI-Personal], this is [PHI-Personal]. Did you just call?
Nurse: Hey, how are you? I did, yeah, give me one minute. Let me open your chart up. Hold on. How are you doing? What's that? How are you doing? Uh, all right. So I haven't gotten a referral placed yet by Doctor [PHI-Personal]. Um, I just wanted to give you an update on that and I wanted to see, you know how you're doing if you felt like you wanted me to get you in sooner with her to discuss anything or you feel like you are going ok,
Patient: You wanted to get me in sooner where?
Nurse: So I didn't know if you felt like you needed to see Doctor [PHI-Personal] sooner than [PHI-Personal], you know, just to go over any. Well, no,
Patient: Aren't I, aren't I seeing her next, uh, don't I see her next week or didn't we wrap something around the blood work?
Nurse: So you have blood work on the [PHI-Personal] at 10 45. The next time you see her is when you have your blood work in [PHI-Personal] in [PHI-Personal], you see her with that
Patient: Blood work. Uh, uh, yeah, Ok. Uh, uh. Mhm. Uh, not right now, I'm right now I'm, uh, right now I'm, uh, uh, really opted to take a break from seeing anybody unless it's absolutely required because I'm, I'm not gonna talk to people about, um, anything to do with me because, uh, who knows? They might try to a me.
Nurse: Yeah, I know. That's what you said after that visit with the social worker last week. Yeah.
Patient: And the more I think about it, the, the more that the people at [PHI-Geographic] General need to have a little sensitivity training because you know what, every single one of those people now you got a guy coming in the door, he's coming out of an ambulance and maybe I am a bit unruly. I mean, I'm in a pretty God damn bad situation. I'm getting shoved in to see, uh, CT Scan machines, MRI Ma machines and all this other stuff and because they're a little sensitive to something they hear in the room, they tell to shrink that. And the next thing, you know, I'm in freaking Lake Whale. I know. I know there's a little sensitivity issue here and it gives them the right to say, well, you know what? He sounded a bit unruly today. Well, guess what, when I've been in the hospital for seven days and I haven't slept for 2.5 and I'm thinking it's in my mind, I'm thinking these guys are gonna let me go home and the next thing, you know, somebody walks in and says, oh, well, you know, when I saw him a few hours ago he seemed a bit unruly. And the next thing, you know, I'm [PHI-Personal] acted. That's bullshit.
Nurse: I know. I mean,
Patient: There's no, they have the right to be unsensed at any point in their life because, because they're the caregivers but the, the patient who might be a little uptight that he's just been taken to the, er, might be a bit unruly. Give me a freaking break. Well, that's it. That brought armed guards to my room [PHI-Personal] times in the last [PHI-Personal] visits.
Nurse: I know that's why I asked if you, because, you know, she's, I mean, truly she has me called to make sure that you're ok. Are you sleeping? You know, are you sleeping? All right. How is,
Patient: No, no, no, I'm not. The antibiotics helped, uh, immensely so far. Um, you know, they were only seven days worth now. I don't know how long that's gonna keep lasting. Uh, I finished them two yesterday.
Nurse: So do you think I should bring you in to talk to her about sleeping? You know, I mean, he was hoping that that a, or, but, you know, I told her they were just a social worker, they can't prescribe meds and you're not sleeping again. So if
Patient: I have to talk to her again, it'll be too freaking soon. Ok? She does absolutely nothing. She just repeats what the social worker and [PHI-Personal] says and by the way, I stopped seeing her this past week, I'm taking a few weeks off from her too. Yeah, I'm taking a few weeks off because everything, everything I say is scrutinized and to know that somebody can do that to you. Uh, sorry. No more, no, no more open information.
Nurse: I thought you had a good relationship with
Patient: Her. Oh, I have a great relationship with her. But uh let, let me remind you that about a half a year ago. She said to me on the phone one day, she said, [PHI-Personal], if you don't go to the doctor, I'm gonna baker you. Uh She didn't say that. She said, I said, whoa whoa [PHI-Personal]. I said, are you telling me you're gonna baker me? And she's saying no, I'm telling you're in a mentally altered state. You need to go to the doctor. Yeah.
Nurse: Um but
Patient: Right now I
Nurse: Know you're not seeing doctor that for two months. I just worry about your sleeping because that's just so important. So that's why I thought I should reach out and see. Do you want me to try to get you in with her sooner? Just because
Patient: No, you want, if you wanna help, get, get her to get my Xanax released and not on APR N basis, on APR N basis, not daily because that stuff is still being held by the pharmacy.
Nurse: All right. All right. Let me talk to her about that. So you need you. How many do you take a day? How many do you take?
Patient: I probably would never exceed two a day. Yesterday. I took 1.5 at uh 2 a.m. and I just woke up 20 minutes ago.
Nurse: Ok. So you took 1.5 uh yesterday? Ok.
Patient: I, I took one at uh roughly 1 a.m. and I took a half at uh 2 a.m. when I felt the anxiety, uh just still uring in my stomach. I said this isn't gonna cut it. So I took a half of another one.
Nurse: Yeah, let me talk to her. Let me see if she'll be willing to do that. Otherwise, what I'm gonna suggest to her then, um, she needs to either put in the referral to the neuropsych so you can get the medication that you need or I'm gonna suggest that she brings you into the office for an appointment so she can talk to you about meds for sleeping, you know. Yeah. Well,
Patient: I mean, she's pretty much prescribed everything. Um uh and I'm not willing to go see a uh uh a neuropsych right now, especially knowing, knowing what they're able to do, you know, uh you, you, you get a shrink that walks in your room, you're upset, you're frustrated, you're in a really bad position and she walks in and says, tell me the months backwards now that's gonna be tough. For anybody, especially somebody who's ass is so tight you can't get a needle up it because they're so uncomfortable being in a place they don't wanna be.
Nurse: Right. No, you're right. I mean,
Patient: Uh, no, whether I'm right or wrong or in different, that's my opinion right now. And I'm shutting everybody, I'm shutting everybody out because I'm not gonna go back to an, uh, a freaking nut house that nobody, everybody says, oh, well, we're so sorry that happened. It happened simply because somebody could do it.
Nurse: Yeah, that's true. You're 100 per percent, I mean. Right. No, I agree. And a whole
Patient: Lot of people, a whole lot of people including the people at this freaking hospital uh hotel, they're the ones that, you know, the shrink took every bit of information. She had, she called the people at the hotel and the hotel said, well, you know, he came out into the lobby with a note and the note said, help. Well, we helped him, we called 911. We just don't have the people available to help him if he's gonna continue to have problems. And you know what that played into that? As much as my, my po a listening to an internist say we think he needs to be in, in assisted living. Well, there's zero chance after 17 months of assisted living in the and the the illegal things I saw and witnessed and heard and remember, am I going back to an assisted living place. I'm in litigation with them. I'm in litigation with the nurse practitioner who took care of me and I'm in all sorts of different problems all caused by that freaking assisted living place. Only because I was too freaking smart to be in there.
Nurse: Yeah. Well, let me talk to her and see if she'll do something about the Xanax.
Patient: Uh, that seems to be the, uh, unless you can come up with something more powerful and I doubt that there is uh or if there is, it's gonna be considered something dangerous and then we gotta run the gamut of knowing, hey, how is this gonna affect [PHI-Personal] and his my te and uh and because everything you put into my body guys, it's trial and error, right? And we've obviously found uh we found [PHI-Personal] or five things already that uh created me to have to go to the hospital,
Nurse: Correct? I agree with you. Um We talked about that. So
Patient: And it's not, so I I'm I'm not upset about having to go to the hospital. I'm upset that people at the hospital are so freaking sensitive that they would say there was, there was a woman from the liver transplant team who I considered in the hospital, my closest guardian, anybody on the liver transplant team. And the day that I got [PHI-Personal] acted, the shrink came in and said, well, so and so with the transplant team said, you seemed a bit unruly today. Well, maybe, did you, I instead of listening to what the freaking sensitive lady is sensitive to me being a little bit upset about being there and saying to her, when can I get out of here, can you guys submit the paperwork so that I can get the liver transplant team off the list? That was me being unruly. That was me being anxious to get the hell out of there. But in the shrink size, you were a bit unruly with somebody and you know what, every stinking employee in that hospital has the right to say that and guess what security is gonna side with them 110% of the times. Well, if that guy is unruly, let's get our tasers loaded up and head up to that room. It's bullshit.
Nurse: I, I hear you. I mean, I, I know that you're upset about it. I think, you know, like I said, I'm
Patient: Still upset about it. I
Nurse: Know Doctor [PHI-Personal] just wants to make sure, you know, like I said that you're sleeping so that, you know, well, you,
Patient: You can tell her Toda today tonight this morning, tomorrow morning at 4 a.m. It's been one month since I was all off Lake Wales, Florida and I'm not sleeping, my complexion is gone to hell and back and the, my breakfast sucked. The raton sucked and I'm not sleeping. I woke up this morning at 4 a.m. after maybe one hour of sleep and had to take every bit of clothing off of me and throw it into the dirty pile because it was soaking wet. Now, my second round of sleep when I got up, I took a shower, I put a towel on the bed and I put a towel over me and said, just go at it and I woke up at [PHI-Account].
Nurse: So how many hours do you think you just stopped? Maybe [PHI-Personal]?
Patient: I'd say I slept one hour from, uh, roughly 3 a.m. to 4 a.m. and then, uh, 4 a.m. five, say, roughly it took me an hour to stop sweating, get some sleep, lie back down. Uh, I didn't take any medications, um, roughly say 5 30 to [PHI-Account] on and off. I don't remember waking up the, uh, I think your phone call actually came in and I didn't hear it unless I was in the shower. Uh, I have an alarm on my ipad that would go off at 10 o'clock telling me it's time to take my morning meds and I didn't hear that go off. Or if I did, I just reached over and shut it off. I don't remember.
Nurse: Ok. Well, at least you had some hours of sleep this morning something. Um, you know. All right, let me talk to her and see if she'll be willing to switch the Xanax from Pr N, you know, and at least to two a day sort of thing. I don't know. So
Patient: It's not, it's not, it's not even, it's not even at pr N it's at one a day and because
Nurse: The script that she sent literally reads, so I don't know why they're getting that because
Patient: They're getting it off the pre the previous bottle that had one refill on it.
Nurse: So she sent the prescription on [PHI-Personal] with no refills that said take one tablet by mouth nightly as needed and line [PHI-Account].
Patient: Yeah. And Walgreens is saying [PHI-Personal], you didn't pick up the original script until such and such a date. So you gotta wait 30 days from the day you picked that up that should give you that should give you a very clear indication that I'm not hooked to Xanax because obviously I didn't need it because I was trying [PHI-Personal] and I wouldn't have mixed the two
Nurse: Right? I'll ask her if she can write it differently so that you know, you're not without it. Are you must be out of it at this point
Patient: Or no, no, I've got three tablets. I've got uh I'll tell you exactly what I have left. The script reads. Take that's the bottle, that's the one left you hear inside. And I got one left in A K I take with me on the road. Everywhere I go take one tablet by mouth every night as needed for anxiety. This was filled on date. [PHI-Account] which means 4, 23 23 is when they'll fill it. Yeah, that's, uh, a few days away.
Nurse: Ok. Let me tell her to
Patient: Help. Well, what's today? The twen, uh, today is the [PHI-Personal]. So,
Nurse: Yeah,
Patient: Uh, technically, um, if things were to work out I would run out, um, two days from now and that's only if I need one today and one tomorrow.
Nurse: Correct. Yes, that is correct. Yeah. Let me talk to her and see what she's willing to do. I don't know. I can't promise you to be truthful. You know, I don't have any idea what she'll say, but I can present it at least, you know, and see if she'll be agreeable to giving you, you know, just writing it different so that they sell it. Ok. So, you know, um, I will follow up with you once I have an answer or you'll see. Well,
Patient: I, I'm gonna, I'm gotta go meet with an attorney today about something completely different so you can leave a message. Uh, it's Friday. Um, you know, uh, I have not picked up the, uh, uh, other meds yet from Walgreens because I haven't been that direction, but I am going by there today and that would be the, uh, medicine for itching and the medicine for upset stomach. Uh, those two I believe are, are waiting and, uh, uh, swing by. But, uh, my thought [PHI-Personal] my thought pattern was pick them all up at once on the [PHI-Personal] of.
Nurse: Sure. Yeah, let me talk to her and see if she'll change it. Ok. Well, at least see all we can do is ask. And then yes, if you have an appointment on the [PHI-Personal] for your labs,
Patient: Right. And there's a whole, but there's a whole slew of labs that the kidney people want done. So I will get there early, um, and, uh, drop that off because that has got to be incorporated into all the blood work they're gonna do.
Nurse: Perfect. And your appointment's at 10 45
Patient: Correct?
Nurse: Ok. All right, I'll get back to you let me see what she says.
Patient: Very good thank you. Alright, you're
Nurse: Welcome. Bye.
