Nurse: Health care. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. It'[PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal] calling. Once again, we spoke about the, the blood test and just spoke to doctor [PHI-Personal] and, um, and there was also, you know, you provided the message about, uh, drinking more water, which I'm doing. But the question that I have is very simple. My, my, um, supplies for my insulin pump is supposed to be arriving theoretically tomorrow. So my wife and I would be able to leave for like, I know two weeks, maybe even three weeks. But before we go, I wanna feel just want to feel comfortable that with these urea levels high, the nitrogen levels and whatever, you know, all that uh, kidney function stuff. Uh, it doesn't have to be retested uh, soon. Um, you know, like, WW when would I have to find out if this is all working or not? I don't want my kidneys to be pro a problem,
Nurse: Right? Can you verify your birthday for me?
Patient: Yeah, June 18, 1947.
Nurse: Ok. Let me see here. Ok. Ok. All right. So doctor did not mention in his note to follow up as far as the labs to have repeat labs. All he said was sodium is normal which it, it had came up. He said potassium was a tiny bit high. And that the B MP, which is your basic metabolic panel suggested dehydration. And that he recommends increasing water intake. Please call patient to review this. So he didn't mention in his feedback that he wanted to repeat those labs.
Patient: Ok. Well, uh yeah, and, and I, and I appreciate that, but it still raises the issue. Well, anyway, so it seems to me that there should be a point where this should be retested. Uh, and I would, I would offer that maybe when I get back, I can go and get more lab tests to make sure that my kidney function is not being impacted in some way. II I just just, you know, I, with diabetes for so many decades, I, I've been pretty good, you know, over all these years. The one thing that worries me the most is kidney malfunction and here is, here'[PHI-Personal] evidence of that potential. So even though he may just say, well, just drink more water, I had, it'[PHI-Personal] not like I had been drinking a lot of water. I had been. So it just raises the alarm bell a little bit higher to me, like, no, maybe this needs to be considered more.
Nurse: Right? Ok. No, I see what you're saying. Um, now you follow up with the endocrinologist, right? And
Patient: He'[PHI-Personal] signing off basically because his concern was the sodium level. And he said so from my, from my personal point of view, it has reached that normal level. And I, I can, I can now say you can uh or either or your cardiologist or your or doctor one of the other. And then so take because the potassium level has increased, which would be the spiral lactone. That'[PHI-Personal] so. But if, if it wasn't a concern to doctor just like to re stabilize everything, doctor didn't give it high priority because it was just simply a water issue. The endocrinologist said that part of this, in his opinion is that because all these drugs now are being adjusted. So it'[PHI-Personal] gonna take a little time for the readjustment process to sort of re stabilize to see exactly where you are. I said, ok, well, that'[PHI-Personal], that makes sense to me. It does.
Nurse: Mhm. Ok. So I will, uh, ask doctor if you're gonna be going on the boat, right? For three weeks.
Patient: For, yeah, for three weeks.
Nurse: Ok. So I'll let I'll let Doctor [PHI-Personal] know that you're gonna be out and see if he wants you to repeat those when you come back or just see if he wants, you know, to, to follow up on that. Uh, I wouldn't say sooner since we just had back to back labs done. So let me see what he says for sure. And then as soon as I get feedback, I'll give you a call. Ok.
Patient: That. That'd be great. Thanks so much. You're welcome, Ron. Bye bye bye.
