Nurse: Hello.
Patient: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal] calling for [PHI-Geographic] [PHI-Personal]. Are you [PHI-Personal]?
Nurse: Yes, this is [PHI-Personal]. Yes, you left a message on my phone. Let me, yeah, I just called her a little while ago. Let me look up her chart now. Let's see. Alright. And you said let me see. Um and you said you're [PHI-Personal], is that correct? Yes, I'm her daughter. Oh, ok, perfect. Yeah, you're in her um patient contact list. Um, so thank you. Thank you for calling me back. I do appreciate it. Um, is it ok if I speak with you or would you rather I speak directly with uh with your mom? Well, I'm
Patient: Her caregiver. Ok, so you can talk to me.
Nurse: Wonderful. Um, so the reason that I had called your mom is um she qualifies for doctor [PHI-Personal] Care management program. And what that means is that she would be able to get a phone call from the doctor's care management nurse where um where you would um you or your mom would be able to speak with the nurse directly and then the nurse would be able to um call between office visits just to check in, make sure everything's going well, but she'll also document either your responses or your mom's responses to provide them as a direct report to Doctor [PHI-Personal]. Um Doctor [PHI-Personal] receives those reports, she monitors anything she needs to be um kept aware of. She's able to act preemptively provide additional support between office visits, all that sort of thing. Um And name is just encouraging the program um in order to keep your mom both safe and healthy. Um, let me look at, ok, good. Um So, um, it is a billable service to Medicare, Medicare Advantage plans and secondary insurance carriers. So it may be subject to co insurances, deductibles and copays. However, your mom has the, um, Medicare A and B as well as the um, secondary or supplementary tricare. And so she does qualify for the program there. I don't believe that there should be any sort of, um, copays or statements or anything like that. Um If there is, then she can definitely address those with the billing department directly. Um, and they should be able to, to take care of that for her because like I said, um, Doctor [PHI-Personal] referred her and she does qualify. Um, so if you'd like, what I can do is I can send a letter to [PHI-Geographic] and I can either address that to you or to your mom. Um, or I can send it to a different address if you'd prefer. But that letter would have the, um, the nurses' contact information and this way you or your mom can reach out to the nurse directly whenever she's needed. Um, reach out to her at your discretion. But it could be, for example, for, um, medication refills, uh to discuss labs, charts, test results, things like that. Um, it's also wonderful to, um, expedite appointments instead of calling and speaking with secretaries or receptionists, you can call directly with the nurse and she can help, like I said, expedite appointments for you um with the doctor. Ok.
Patient: Um Yeah, I get pretty good response with the um my health chart online. So is this going to be in addition to?
Nurse: Yeah, so this would be that human component. Um So you can still, you a lot of patients still continue to use both. It's just if you need something a little bit more promptly or you want something more fully explained, then you can just call the nurse. So whenever you call the nurse, she'll get um she'll get right back to you or answer directly, but she'll get right back to you within 5 to 10 minutes. So it's very prompt and like I said, you know, if, if you're asking about a medication in, in my chart and you want more of an explanation, excuse me and you want more of an explanation or something, you can just speak with the nurse.
Patient: Ok. So I would go, I would get a prompt response within 5 to 10 minutes. Did I hear you correctly?
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. So that's one of the biggest, uh, benefits of the program. Um, just speaking candidly between us, a lot of patients are, um, disgruntled to some degree with the, you know, waiting and being put on hold and things like that. And so those who do qualify for the program, they get a care management nurse and usually it's about seven minutes. Our standard is seven minutes. Um, yeah, you should get a response within 5 to 10 minutes. That's, that's what we've seen as an average so far. Ok. The program is only about five months old with [PHI-Geographic] General. So again, that's where we're at right now. Of course.
Patient: So are we dealing with a nurse in doctor office or someone out of [PHI-Geographic] General?
Nurse: Um, it's a nurse who, it's a [PHI-Geographic] General nurse who works with doctor is what I believe. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not too sure. I only taken the referrals, um, to present the program on behalf of the providers. So I don't really know the nurses themselves very well.
Patient: Ok. Do you know the nurse's name?
Nurse: I believe her name will be [PHI-Personal]. Ok. I be, um, you can, you can always, um, you know, like if, if you're, if you're calling on behalf of your mom, you can always, um, check in with the nurse and say, hey, um, I don't know if you wanna take care of the conversation or if you wanna set up conversations with your mom, whatever you think best. But the nurse would be able to work with either of you since you're on her um care team.
Patient: Ok. Um yeah, so you're gonna send a letter and um then can we, can we
Nurse: Send it or do you sorry? Is that a good address? Do you prefer? I send it to you at a different address? No, that's a good
Patient: Address. She lives there with my sister, so I will get it eventually. Um, so it doesn't matter either my address, but you've already got it set up with her. That's fine.
Nurse: Ok, perfect. Um, what I can do if you'd like is I can um address it to Frances Jones care of Karen Murray if you'd like. Terrific. Ok, perfect. I'll do that. Alright. Wonderful. Um, so I'll send you that letter and then the nurse typically gives an initial call sometime in the next two weeks. Um, so that should give you time to receive the letter before the call, but she'll probably call um sometime this week if not early next week. Ok. Sure, perfect. All right, wonderful. Well, thank you very much, Karen. I hope you and your mom continue to stay safe and healthy and um have a great rest of your day. Ok? Yeah, you too. Bye now. Thank you. Bye bye bye.
