Nurse: This is [PHI-Personal] speaking.
Patient: This is, how are you? Good. How are you? Good. I saw you just were trying to call. I was trying to answer but I had the sweeper going.
Nurse: Oh, you're fine. Um Are there two creams they gave you because it was a different [PHI-Personal] that they sent in the
Patient: Note? Yeah, I just messaged him because I was confused by that. He said to me when I was there, he said he was gonna give me a burn cream.
Nurse: The [PHI-Personal] you have is a burn cream. That's the Silva [PHI-Personal] nicknamed [PHI-Personal] that I was asking you about yesterday. Right.
Patient: Right. But he put a prescription in the Rite Aid for the antibiotic that I was already on the antibiotic cream and I didn't see the silver.
Nurse: So yeah, I didn't see the [PHI-Personal] in the notes either. That's why I asked you yesterday if you knew the name of it because the only [PHI-Personal] I saw was the anti bacterial.
Patient: Well, what he said was in, in my message today was that he wanted to make sure I had no type of reaction to the cream. And I said, no, I didn't I said, you know, everything went fine other than the compression kind of threw me off because I'm just not used to having that on my legs. And I don't like to have my legs covered up. So I don't like having my body covered up. I just don't like tight fit at all. And plus I, my, my self consciousness as well. And anyway, so he said, yes, he wanted me to, he would prefer I did the, the silver sulfate, whatever that was called versus the other [PHI-Personal]. But he gave me the antibiotic just in case.
Nurse: Ok. So we gave you some of the silver [PHI-Personal] too. Yes. Yes. OK. And then he also sent the prescription for the other [PHI-Personal] in case you have a reaction to this [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Correct. Correct. So I'm supposed to use the silver, whatever it's called versus the other [PHI-Personal]. Unless I have a reaction. Then I go to the other
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. OK. No, he just didn't put the silver [PHI-Personal] in the notes. That's why, remember we were talking yesterday and I had asked you because you had said there was a burn cream and the only [PHI-Personal] I was finding was the antibiotic [PHI-Personal]. Right.
Patient: Well, and, and the only reason I thought to even question it was because I have an Apple watch and the, the whatever it is, the file thing where everything goes automatically into that. And when I went into that, it talked about how I was supposed to use that cream and apply it once a day. And I'm thinking now, wait a minute, he didn't even put a prescription in for it. How am I supposed to apply it? So that's why I questioned him on it today and he said he wanted to make sure I didn't have a reaction before. He, you
Nurse: Said it's [PHI-Personal]%? Uh Yes. And you use it once a day. Yes. OK. No, I just, that's why I was questioning because he didn't put that [PHI-Personal] in his notes at all, which was where our confusion came in yesterday. Ok. So you have the antibiotic [PHI-Personal] as a back up, but you're supposed to use this [PHI-Personal], right? Ok. That's what I wanted to find out. What, what the deal with the antibiotic [PHI-Personal] was because I'm like, you can't put two things on them. It burn
Patient: Sort of what the heck am I supposed to do? Um, now I had a lot of weeping. A lot of pussy. Nasty, gross stuff.
Nurse: Yeah. But maybe it's pulling it all out.
Patient: It went through the, yeah, it went through the gauze there. It, oh my God, it was nasty. It just a tiny, little bit but not like it had been. Was, it
Nurse: Was there red too? Like, so it was like red and yellowish.
Patient: No, no, no,
Nurse: Just straight pus. So it's just yellow. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah, it was like yellow, greenish, I guess. I mean, it just a slight tinge to it. Um, but it was definitely puffy nastiness and my husband's like, oh, what's that? And I'm like, I'm assuming this stuff pulling out whatever infection
Nurse: Pulling out the infection it's helping it to drain because if it keeps building up underneath, that's why you keep having so many areas open up because it can kind of travel underneath the skin. So hopefully this will help prevent more from coming as well. God,
Patient: I hope so. I'm just, uh, I just feel so ugly and so nasty and just, I, I just, oh, but anyway, it is
Nurse: What? Well, that silver cream is phenomenal.
Patient: Right. Right. Right. Well, I, I, so, and now it just looks like, I mean, they just look like open wounds right now. I'm getting ready to go to the red light treatment that I have scheduled and then, um, I already showered, patted them dry, like he said, he said to go to the red light and then come back, put the cream on and wrap them. Now, I don't have the prescription yet. So I'm gonna have to use the antibiotic today until they get my prescription done. But tomorrow I'll be starting with that s again.
Nurse: Ok. That [PHI-Personal], that [PHI-Personal] not just used on burns, it's also an antibiotic and it kills the bacteria and prevents growth. So, and that [PHI-Personal] like hard core
Patient: A,
Nurse: As opposed to the other [PHI-Personal] that might be more like a Bacitracin. So I think this [PHI-Personal], you, I'm hoping you're gonna see a lot of good with this [PHI-Personal]. This is what we used to use on wounds.
Patient: [PHI-Personal],
Nurse: Right? So I'm glad this is the [PHI-Personal] they gave you. So, yeah, that's why this is the [PHI-Personal] I was asking about yesterday because when you said burn cream for wounds, this is usually it,
Patient: Right? So.
Nurse: Ok. Good. All right. So, and you have your red light treatment today and then you'll put everything on after. Yeah. Ok. All right. Good. I'm hoping this [PHI-Personal] works. I think it will. It's like [PHI-Personal] of the Mack daddy of cream. So.
Patient: Right. Right. Right. Well, and then Monday I go for my biopsy so we'll see what, you know, if there is anything causing it and what's going on with that place that looks like, you know, and did you check
Nurse: With the dermatologist because there's a good chance they're not gonna want you to apply the creams before they do the biopsy.
Patient: Um, I figured because it's first thing in the morning. I pretty much kind of figured I won't put anything on. I'll go without everything.
Nurse: I would do the wash and dry with the warm water and soap first before going just to make sure there's no residue of anything else. But I just didn't want the creams or anything to alter the results or them to tell you that you'd have to do it
Patient: Again. Done. And over with,
Nurse: I can't blame you. I'm glad they were able to move it up so soon. So. All right. Well, let's hope between the red light treatments. How often are you going for
Patient: Those? Um, this is my fifth [PHI-Personal] for this week, so I won't have any more until next week. Ok. So you five a week? Yeah. Yeah, that's what they recommended. And that was best because, uh, you know, they really uh evaluated the wounds and everything and the inflammation of the body and stuff and she thought that would be the best treatment.
Nurse: Ok. And so the dermatologist is gonna send the new order to, I mean, not the dermatologist, the wound care is gonna send the order for the silver to your
Patient: Pharmacy. So it's already at Wegmans. I just got a notice that it was there. I'm just waiting for them to fill it and then I can go get it.
Nurse: Ok. Wonderful. Ok. Thank you. I just wanted to confirm why there was two different creams.
Patient: It was, I was, I was confused myself. So that's why I sent him a message because I wasn't sure what I was supposed to put on my body.
Nurse: Uh, no, I wouldn't have been either. And the other [PHI-Personal] not even in the notes, the Silver, the [PHI-Personal]. So. All right. Well, that sounds good. Ok, thank you for letting me know and I will make sure I update doctor here as
Patient: Well. Ok. Thank you.
Nurse: Ok, you're welcome. Ok, bye
Patient: Bye.
