Nurse: Good afternoon. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Uh Yes, this is uh [PHI-Personal]
Nurse: Hi, [PHI-Personal], how are you? Oh,
Patient: Ok, thank you. Yes, how are you?
Nurse: I'm doing well. I, I think we were playing phone tag there for a little while.
Patient: Uh, yeah. Yeah,
Nurse: We, that's all right. I understand. Um [PHI-Personal], the reason for my call before was to go ahead and introduce you into um, what we call the chronic care management plan. Um, and I am going to be your chronic care management nurse as well as your wife, [PHI-Personal] nurse. Um, so I just kinda wanted to go through a few things and um, check to make sure that you were ok with me giving you and your wife a call monthly to check to see how things were going. Um, overall, uh, it doesn't have to be just health wise. We can kinda talk about whatever, um, nothing specific, you know, whatever you're with, whatever you're comfortable sharing with me. And when I do call, I can assist with, you know, if you come to, you've got questions on medications, um your health conditions, um, need prescription refills. Anything of that nature. That's something that I would be able to, those are all things I'd be able to assist you with. Um As well as when I do call, I provide a little bit of education slash discussion. Um in regards to your health conditions and things that um maybe you weren't trying at home that you would like to try at home to better um manage your, your health care conditions there. Um Do you have any questions for me so far? Uh No, not really. Ok. Ok, so what typically I like to do on the the very first call? Um I do like to go over the medications that you guys are on just to make sure that what I have here matches currently what you're taking. I do sometimes notice that we kinda come across some um either miscommunication with medications or um you know you guys uh somebody adds uh over the counter medication that we don't have on your list there um just so that everybody's on the same page so um just let me know I if you are you ok with going through your meds. Uh, yeah. Uh ok, let me just finish one thing here um and I'll get your chart pulled up. Um. Ok, and slowly working its way up here. It seems to be taking its sweet time this afternoon. Ok. Alrighty. Ok, so [PHI-Personal] I have um down that you are taking, let's see I've got traMADol every six hours as needed for pain.
Patient: Uh, yeah, I have that medicine. I, I've never taken it. Uh, so, ok. But, but you do. You're right. It, it's on, it's on my list of stuff.
Nurse: Yeah. Ok. Ok. And then I have, um, glipiZIDE, er, 2.5 mgs, one tablet every morning. Right. I have potassium chloride. You take, do you take four tablets twice daily?
Patient: Uh, yeah. Yeah. Well, I don't actually take them twice daily. I split them up a little bit different than that, but it is eight a day.
Nurse: OK. All right. Sounds good. Um And then I have you taking Losartan potassium with hydrochlorothiazide in it. Um One tablet every day, right? Uh carvedilol 6.25 mg. Do you take one tab three times a day?
Patient: Y Yes. OK. Yeah, I take three. Wait. Yeah, I take three of them a day,
Nurse: Right? OK. Perfect. All right. Good deal. Um And then I have amLODIPine besylate five mg, one tablet by mouth every day, right? I have a low dose 81 mg, aspirin every day, right? OK. I have vitamin D um every day. Do you take two of those every day?
Patient: Uh I take 1 2000 mg D three.
Nurse: OK. All right. Fair enough. Sounds good. Um I've got Coumadin or Warfarin sodium one mg.
Patient: Uh uh No, it's uh that varies. They're usually adjusting that at the cardiologist's office, but it's a five mg pill. Uh And I take it right now. It's, uh, five mg three times a week and the other four days are half of that 2.5 mg. Ok. Yeah, I, I don't know where that one mg came. I've never, uh, I never know. [PHI-Personal]
Nurse: Ok. All right. Um, and I don't know if maybe somebody put that in there just as, um, a generic, like generic. Since the cardiologist is the one that's prescribing that, I don't know if they just did it as a, a general thing so that we know that you're on the Coumadin maybe. Um, and then I have, mm, let's see. Finasteride five mg one by mouth every day. I have a fish oil that you take daily.
Patient: Uh, yeah, I actually take, uh, I take 12, I take four, four fish oil a day. They're 1200.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. All right. And then I have you taking, let's see. I have you taking calcium with magnesium in it. Uh huh. Ok. And then I have red yeast rice, 600 mg twice a day. Ok. And then I have a Dorzolamide HCL and Timolol Maleate. I don't have any direction on that as far as what if you're taking? Is that something that cardiology prescribes?
Patient: Uh No, no, that came from uh the uh eye doctor. Uh they're, they're eye drops for pressure.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. Got you. I was gonna say I don't have any sort of uh a route or anything on that. So I wasn't sure if it was something, whether it was an eye drop or a cream. Um, and did I miss anything?
Patient: Um, no, I, um, no, I can't really, I can't think of anything. That sounds, that sounds like you got them all.
Nurse: Sounds good. Ok. Um, all right. So we went through your medications. Um, now is it's, um, ok, if we go through your wife's medications, is she available or? No?
Patient: Uh, no, not right now. I, it, it would probably be better if you could call her, uh, separately.
Nurse: Ok. Yep. And I can do that. That's not a problem. Um, is there, uh, the, a better time to do that, you know, like would tomorrow sometime be an ok time for me to give her a call. Um, I'm
Patient: Just thinking she is going to be at a funeral service tomorrow in the afternoon. Uh, I don't know, maybe, maybe toward, I don't know. Ok, pro probably tomorrow would not be a
Nurse: Good day. Not a good day. Ok. And that's fine. Um, I could give her a call. Maybe we could, I could try for some time. Um, Monday if that works. Yeah, we'll, we'll try for Monday sometime and just kind of go, go from there, um, for that. So, [PHI-Personal], what, um, happens now is I will go ahead and get together what we call our, um, care plan letter and what that has in it is, it'll have my name and my direct phone number in that letter as well as, um, at the bottom, it will have what we call wellness goals and those wellness goals are basically things that you are already doing at the doctor's office. You're going in for your lab work, you're doing your, um, your doctor's appointments, you're um, getting your immunizations, those types of things. So if there's anything left for [PHI-Account] that'll be on the bottom of that care plan letter. Um Otherwise when we get to the beginning of next year, we will send out a new uh list of wellness goals of things that, that you have that you're able to get completed within, within the next year. Um A lot of people who are enrolled in this program really enjoy using that as what we call would call like a checklist for themselves. Um Just because, you know, we all know how busy life can get sometimes and we tend to put things aside sometimes. Um So people really, really do like the, the idea of having that, that checklist available to them. Um So we'll get that, I'll get that letter sent out to you and what I mail it to the [PHI-Geographic] in Jersey Shore, Pennsylvania.
Patient: And if you have a way to do it by email or through the portal Family [PHI-Geographic], you can do it that way too.
Nurse: Ok. I will make note of that. I'll see if the um if we can get that, if that's a possibility or not, I'll try, I'll try to either do like the portal or, or see if we can but if not um we'll send it through, through the mail and and you'll probably get it like Wednesday, Thursday next week I would say. Ok. Yeah and
Patient: That's fine I just thought I'd throw that in there that uh if you wanna do it that way you can.
Nurse: Ok. Alrighty. Definitely something that I'll see what I I'll look into uh see what my options are as far as getting that, getting that letter sent. Ok? Um so I will plan on giving [PHI-Personal] a call probably Monday sometime and doing probably generally the same thing that we just did here um there's really nothing um nothing else and if you have any questions or concerns you know that maybe you think of and and you happen to be around um when I give an a call feel free to to um you know, bring those up or have her bring them up and and I'll do my best to answer whatever questions that you may have at that point in time. Ok. Alrighty. Well I am glad that we were able to touch base and I will um speak with you probably either like the [PHI-Personal] or the [PHI-Personal] of [PHI-Personal] will probably be um when we'll when we'll touch base again and we'll do our first like initial call where we do, um, kind of get going within the program and, and, uh, I'll probably, you know, we'll talk, we can talk about whatever whatever's going on at that point in time. Um, and, and it'll be just a little bit about, you know, kind of just getting to know each other and, and whatever, you know, trying to, um, get to see, you know, find out what's, what everybody's got going on and, and just kinda building that relationship there. Ok. Good enough. Alrighty. Well [PHI-Personal] I um hope you have a good rest of your afternoon and we will talk next month.
Patient: Alright, thank you, you do the
Nurse: Same. Thank you. Alright bye bye bye.
