Nurse: Hi. It's, how can I help?
Patient: Hi, it's [PHI-Personal] from my mom, [PHI-Personal]. Hi,
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. How are you doing? I'm tired. How are you? I'm tired too. Uh, it's like rainy and gloomy here today and it's not helping at
Patient: All. Not rainy and gloomy here. So.
Nurse: Oh, and you're still tired?
Patient: I get that. I, I don't understand it either. I had a good night sleep and I came home here and I'm like, I, I can't, I can't stay awake within 45 minutes of coming home. I was, I was out by 4 30 driving in this morning. So. Oh, yeah. But, yeah, I did, I think 17 rides, went to Walmart, picked up her medications, grabbed a couple of things I needed, came home, brought the dogs in and I'm like, oh, my God, I'm wiped out.
Nurse: Yeah, you've done a lot though. That sounds like a lot. When you say everything you've done, that's a busy day and an early start. So, you gotta go easy on yourself for
Patient: Sure. I fell asleep at, like, 12 30 my husband came home like an hour early and woke me up at the door and then came in here digging around in the door. I'm like, oh my God, when you called I was up doing, I was over there doing dishes and my left my phone over here in the bedroom. So. Oh, ok. Yeah. Take it with me.
Nurse: That's ok. No worries. I, I know that you're busy and you drive and you move around a lot. So I just figured you call me when you get a chance anyway. So, no,
Patient: So, here I am. And I'm doing well. Good. I'm good. Yeah, they, I'm trying to think what they did with her now. I'm so tired. I'm like, I can't, I don't know whether my problem is, is menopause or what I thought I was over that. Yeah. But, um, I'm trying to think she had a, to see. Yeah, she was just out and saw [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Yeah. Uh, so she saw [PHI-Personal]. That was considered a three month check up. Um, I do see that for the tias, um, management per neurology. You know, she's on the Brilinta A statin is a 10 B and a baby aspirin. She said her A one C is 8.5. Um, so it increased from 8.4 last time. The A one C goal is to be less than that. So she said we will continue to monitor, um, and she does not want any medication right now. Like medication changes right
Patient: Now. Yeah. Yeah, I was thinking she wanted to change it, change something. I can't remember what it was right now. I'm trying to keep up with everybody. Like my husband has his, his eyes and stuff going on. He just had eye surgery two weeks ago. He goes back for his other eye on Wednesday. So, yeah, it's just too much. Yeah, a lot going on.
Nurse: I get that for sure. Um, so let's see.
Patient: But, you know, we're trying to monitor what she's eating because she does like her sweets.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, so trying to cut back on that. Um I see they discussed with her hyperlipidemia as well. Um that it's worsening her cholesterol. Her LDL goal is less than 70 discussed adding the repatha but wanted to wait on that as well. So she said she's going to try and work on some dietary changes first. She'll recheck that again in three months. So um yeah, definitely trying to get her to eat more green leafy vegetables. Uh stay away. Yeah.
Patient: And that's, that's a bad thing here because that's something I never stop. Oh, ok. I'm gonna have to, I'm gonna, yeah, that, that has to be what changed it because she's out of food and she relies on me to, to grab her stuff and I'm just so stinking busy. Like I said, I've got to remember to do that when I get over to all these are um leg. I will grab her some fresh veggies. Yeah. Yeah, I'm just, we're strapped for money with him missing all the time and I'm trying to pay for everything. Driving. Lift an Uber.
Nurse: Yeah, I know. I know. Sounds like a lot. It's definitely a lot. Yeah, for sure. Um, just small changes, you know, just keep it in mind. Don't overwhelm yourself because you can only do what you can do. Um, but here and there, if you can just get her just a couple fresh veggies and maybe not have so many sweets available for her, then
Patient: Maybe she, she's always, like, she always wants Snickers and bars.
Nurse: Oh, yeah. That
Patient: Full of, always, always Snickers, always Snickers. And, uh, I'm not one to, you know, I don't bake, I can't bake to save my life. I really can't. So, um, I think her biggest thing, we think that we think what it led to with the high cholesterol and possibly the high sugar is she was eating an awful lot of just regular peanut butter. Oh, ok. Which is high in both. Yeah. Yeah. And she, I came home today and she said I'm going to have a peanut butter sandwich and I just glared at her and she said I haven't had any since I saw her. I just put a thin layer of peanut butter on it and not, you know, because it's peanut butter and butter. I mean, that's just like a cholesterol sugar sandwich. It, you know, it really
Nurse: Is. It really is. And then the bread red. Yes.
Patient: Yes. I have a really hard time getting her to eat her proteins.
Nurse: Uh, ok.
Patient: You should think about some high protein drink or something that's low in sugar though.
Nurse: Yeah. Um, I think Boost has some where they're like sugar free or very low sugar because I feel like I'm trying to think back when I worked in a nursing home we used to give patients who, um, didn't eat much but we also diabetic one of those drinks. So it is out there, I'm sure they make it because I, I'm gonna have more patients. Yeah. Maybe she'll like that if you get it in a nice flavor that, you know, it's still like, taste sweets or, you know, whatever she can tolerate it, like a strawberry shake or a juice or something that, um, protein and maybe she'll, you
Patient: Know, that just hit me here now thinking about it talking to you. Yeah, I had a moment of clarity. Yeah, for sure. For
Nurse: Sure. Maybe a protein drink. Yeah, I'll follow up on that. You just let me know how that goes with that. Um, other than that she doesn't need any refills on medications or anything. I know she was just in to see [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Yeah. No, as far as I know everything's fine. Ok. Ok. Um, we did have an issue with something, I forget what it was, but finally got that filled and she went a few days without it. I can't remember what it was or whatever that's called. Mhm. I think that's what it was that she wanted a few days without, because she called it into the pharmacy, the pharmacy, then called the doctor and then somebody dropped the ball. Uh, ok. So I had to call and carry on and next time I think I'll just call
Nurse: You. Yeah, you can do that any time and I'll process it for you. We'll get that. Ok.
Patient: Yeah, no worries. I think that's what I'll do because I didn't even give it a thought because it's just so, so much going on. I'm trying to take care of it all. Yeah. And I understand and yeah,
Nurse: And it's super overwhelming, especially when you're trying to work and do everything too. So I, I totally get it and I appreciate you taking the time to give me calls back, you know, to update me. I need to do a annual depression screen on her. It doesn't have to be this call. We can do it next month. But, um, it'll just have to be that, um, I can maybe set up a time where I can talk to both of you guys where, you know, I'll talk to you about everything and then just ask her those seven questions. It's the same questions that they ask her at her annual visit as well. So they just did it back in [PHI-Personal]. I remember those. Yeah, it's kind of like do you feel down, depressed, hopeless, um, lack of energy, sleeping habit, eating habit changes, those types of things.
Patient: Yes. Yes. Yes. And not talk about me. Right. Oh, you poor
Nurse: Thing. So, yeah, those, uh, that thing we need to, you know, just get it out of the way. I like to get them done earlier in the year. So that December I'm not scrambling to have all of my patients marked off for it. So, um, I'll make a note that next call we'll try to do that. And if I call you and she's not around, that's ok. You just call me back when she is.
Patient: Yeah, she's always around. It's just where I'm at. Yeah, I know.
Nurse: That's what I was thinking. Like, if you're, if you're
Patient: Out driving, but if I'm home, like, she's, I'm upstairs right now and she's downstairs, of course, she lives downstairs on the first floor and we live on the second floor. Ok. Ok. We're in your home. It's just that we have our own little set up up here. Oh, ok. Ok. My son's trying to remodel stuff around here and so the house isn't out. If anybody ever came in here and saw this house the way it is they would not let her stay here. Probably.
Nurse: Oh, yeah, because it's like everything's everywhere to get it organized, you know, get it done.
Patient: It just, it's a wreck, but he's got the kitchen pretty much back together now. Downstairs. Now we've got to get that bathroom taken care of on the, on the first floor, which is her bathroom. It's supposed to be her, her in my bathroom, the women's bathroom and then the men's bathroom is up here. Oh, ok. Ok. But everybody's using that bathroom down there and the tub is slowly falling into the basement. Oh, no. Uh. Oh, yeah. The floorboards are rotten because the track is leaking and nobody gets in there to clean that bathtub because I just don't have time to do it. Yeah. But I'm doing everything else. Nobody else does any cleaning, you know, and she can't do it. And I had hired a girl to come in and do it and I just don't have the money anymore. So I can't, I can't do it anymore. Nobody helps with that either. So. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. Hm. Well, hopefully things get better take deep breaths and, um, I'll call around this time next month again. Do our normal little monthly check in and I'll do that. Ok. Depression screening on her at that time. Ok. Ok. But if you need me, you just give me a call. Ok,
Patient: I will do that. Yeah. If I have any more issues with her medications, I will definitely call you. Yeah,
Nurse: Definitely. Just give me a call first. I can go ahead and process the refills quick and easy and if I don't answer and you get my voice mail, you can just say Hey. Yeah, [PHI-Personal] calling for [PHI-Personal], you know, leave her last name and her date of birth because she's not the only [PHI-Personal] and then, um, whatever pharmacy you want it sent to and then I will work on it as soon as I get it and call you when I'm done.
Patient: So. Ok. Sounds, sounds good. I feel better that way knowing that you're taking care of it instead of it going to the pharmacy and the pharmacy over to the doctor's office and then it just disappears.
Nurse: Yeah, that's, that's too many steps. Yep. Yep. Don't mind if I do I'll, I'll take care of it. Ok. Well, you have a great rest of your week and, uh, we'll talk soon. Ok.
Patient: I will definitely give it a try. You do the same. Yes, ma'am. Thanks. You're welcome. Bye bye.
