Nurse: This is speaking, how may I help you? This is
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. I guess I missed your call. I was, had to go get some gas in my vehicle and all and here I shut my phone off.
Nurse: No, that's ok. Um, I was just giving you a call just to do your, um, your monthly phone follow up and you know, see how things are going with you.
Patient: Well, I'm having a lot of trouble with my leg, my right leg. So I'm trying to get all this done and then I wanna call some orthopedics and what do I have to go through? Began to see if I can have it x-ray to see why I'm having so much pain or?
Nurse: Um, so you said there's pain in your right leg?
Patient: Yeah. All the way down from my knee down. It's just like a tooth ache that won't go away.
Nurse: Hm. Ok. Did you have any falls or anything like that? Any injury to it?
Patient: Uh, he said I have arthritis down through but I thought if I put heat on it or some of that rub, but nothing was working and I took Advil and then I tried Tylenol. That didn't work.
Nurse: Ok. Um, and you said you tried the, uh, the heat and that didn't work either. How long has it been bothering you?
Patient: No, it's probably about a good month. But it would comes and goes and when it, it, sometimes it hurts for a while but now it's just a nonstop ache. I think it's probably change of the weather. Maybe. I don't know.
Nurse: It could be. I mean, some, yeah, cause the arthritis sometimes does flare up with the changes in the weather. Um, stuff like that. Most people say when it gets cold they start feeling really achy. But, um, let me see, when was the last time you had, you've been to sun Ortho? You have a regular orthopedic doctor there?
Patient: I had doctor, uh, oh, I can't think of his name now. Mhm. Because I'm supposed to check up with him for my neck up there where I go for therapy under began. Is they wanna see if he wants, oh, what is his name? I can't think of it for the life of me.
Nurse: Um, let me see if he,
Patient: If he's, and I know I go to for my knee soon. I hope because I was gonna call orthopedics today because they didn't give me a date for my shots in my knees and see this, this knee, he put it straight into my knee, uh, or, uh, [PHI-Personal] usually puts, and I'm thinking maybe he hit a nerve and that's why I'm having trouble with this leg. Now
Nurse: That's possible. Um, who you see doctor? Is it doctor?
Patient: Doctor? Doctor? Yeah. And then the other one, I don't know who it is with my legs. I always get, uh, we used to be batman but now I get the bobby or one of them, whoever they have there to give me my shot. Ok. The leg is the one with my neck.
Nurse: Ok. When was the um last time you went for the shots in your knee?
Patient: No, it's every two months but it's it has to be two months now. I'm assuming
Nurse: I'm trying to look and see um ok so Ortho injections last time I see they sent something over was in August so yeah it's been yeah so it's been well over maybe time for you to
Patient: To get those. Yeah, I'm gonna call them when I get home but I had to go do this running.
Nurse: Mhm. Yeah, I will give a call to see if they can get you um an appointment for so that you can go ahead and get your injections but if the appointment is like further out um I can send a message over to doctor um [PHI-Personal] see if she can get you in to be seen there be you know before
Patient: Just in case the other thing is that doctor out in hasn't been getting a hold of me. He called me in. No, was it [PHI-Personal] or [PHI-Personal] and went to say something and then it just, I was at 3 15 and I was there and it just never called me. He called on the phone, but now I have to go out there in [PHI-Personal], I think, but I haven't heard from him.
Nurse: So they had to call up because they didn't call back, they didn't call back after or they never did call for that phone appointment. No, I wanna say, I think I called too and left a message. Um, and then when you called them directly you, you weren't able to get in touch with anybody. No,
Patient: I left a message and nobody got back to me or. Mhm. Ok. And I can't afford to go off those pills. Yeah,
Nurse: Because I think that I got it in my note that I had called to, to see nobody got back from me either. Um, hm. That's kinda odd. How, how far away is it from you? Is it far? Oh,
Patient: That's far. You gotta go through smoking and all. That's why I'm gonna have to get my daughter to go with me. The lady that used to go with me can't do it anymore. She would set up her gps and then we find it right away and it's like he gives me over the phone for two months or [PHI-Personal] and then I have to see him every third month. Mhm. Ok. So that would be [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. Let's see.
Nurse: Yeah, probably best to get in touch with them. How many do you have enough pills to last you? Uh. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah, I have enough to last until I get a hold of them. And if it goes over that then I don't know what I'm gonna do. Yeah. And then the other ones it clearing to, I think, and that's even farther and my truck is so old and my daughter has other things to do so I can't really tie her up much and all my other kids work and,
Nurse: Yeah, what, and what was the doctor's name that you? I forgot. What is his name again? That you
Patient: Mean new? Is it [PHI-Personal]? I, I can't remember who the doctor in my wall, I think it was. Hold on. It's in my wallet. But now my wallet buried under everything in the tru papers. And,
Nurse: Yeah, Doctor Andrew [PHI-Personal]. Now, was he, now, is that the one that you see on a regular basis or you used to see him? And now it's a different doctor.
Patient: No, I used to come to, to emo and then it changed to somebody else. But then, because I jump the gold, I can't use them.
Nurse: Ok. But doctor [PHI-Personal] is the current doctor. Right.
Patient: Right. Ok. I
Nurse: Do, we do have a, a phone number here for him. I'll call the office for you and, and see if they can give you a call so that you can get that appointment scheduled, right? Ok. Um, you haven't had like, any falls or, er, visits
Patient: I got, but I went, took the stitches out myself. They weren't too happy with me. I tried to pull it with s myself. He said, next time you do that I wanna watch. I said, well, my ex did it and so I thought I could do it and then he broke it off so then he had to drill and all blood was fine on him and on me. Oh,
Nurse: Wow.
Patient: So then they, huh? Get taken care of though. And he, they said the stitches, everybody says it's gonna fall out themselves. No, it was string. He put in there and it kept hanging over my teeth. So I took it out myself and she, and when I went there, she said, well, you did a good job. So my tongue still want to grow up in that hole. It's taking longer to heal as I get older. So, yeah, but I'm not ready to do dentures. I keep telling them don't pull no more. Yeah, that was my eye tooth. And it was, he said, look at how infected it was. Oh,
Nurse: Wow. But when, when did you have that done?
Patient: Oh, just last month. Last
Nurse: Month. Ok. You haven't had any, um, issues with your leg? No. Well,
Patient: I sore and I try not to chew on that side. Ok.
Nurse: Do you still, do you do like the salt water water? Rinses.
Patient: No, because there's no blood or nothing. It's just ok,
Nurse: Sometimes they say the salt water helps to, like, pull out, um, the pain, you know, like it help with the pain. It can help.
Patient: I have to try that. I really don't have pain unless I bite down. So,
Nurse: Yeah, try to be careful on that side.
Patient: Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. Um, is all your medication the same and everything up to date? Did you need refills on anything? Not
Patient: Yet. Ok. All right. Let
Nurse: See. 123. Ok. Let me see. I think that we need to do one more. Um depression scan for the end of the year. You have you had any issues with your depression over the past month?
Patient: Uh a little bit because that fire, I ended up with the one dog out of that fire and I knew the other dog that died was my dog's sister and the, the, the little [PHI-Personal] year old and the mother that died. I was very not handling that well because Children, you should have never left that little boy alone with that man because their kids were taking from him. And why was he allowed to be with his leg that he and his uh drugs that he's on and? Mhm. And I don't know why they see him sit the kids sitting by a space he and didn't do anything to say he can't be here when they knew that all their kids were taking and she's in rehab somewhere. Mhm. Yeah. So, it's, and now the dog may be pregnant and the little girl and the little boy came to see it and now, then they want a puppy, but then they told me it was six weeks. Now it's six months. I've got to keep the dog until she gets out of rehab. And that's a long time because I have my own dogs. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. So you're still dealing with that. There's nobody else that can take the dog.
Patient: No. And now she wants my daughter to take her cat. My daughter's got five cats because all the other animals burn up. But I guess the one cat got out and then she said to me and I says no way, there's no way. And I'm an animal lover big time, but I just can't do
Nurse: It. Yeah. Unless you have a lot to, you know, worry about with your own animals and your own health and everything. So, you
Patient: See, I don't know if this dogs had all of its shots. They said it had shots which you have to have, it has no license and I don't want because it's not my dog, my responsibility. But if somebody would go say something, I may get in trouble for having a dog that don't have a license and mine all have license. So, and the dog is very sweet, but I hate to see her go back in that situation. And the man said he wants it. I said I will get rid of it before he gets it. He needs to go away and never come back here.
Nurse: Yeah. You can only do so much. I mean, you know, I can't take on so much that you can't handle. So. Right. Yeah. Well, we,
Patient: Uh, but when she gets out, I guess she's allowed to have her kids back. I don't know, but they gotta find a place to live so I don't know how it all is gonna play out. But, yeah, well, I'll for a while with the dogs.
Nurse: Yeah. Hope for the best for them. And hopefully, you know, they get their situation
Patient: Because everybody said I shouldn't have done it if you had [PHI-Personal] little kids standing there crying because they lost everything and that's all they had. What would you do? A couple of them said to me it's not your problem. How can you turn your back on people like that? Yeah. Especially kids, you know.
Nurse: Yeah. You know, they, they lost everything. Yeah. If it's something that you can help with and it's not, um, gonna harm you in any way. It's ok. Um, but, yeah, but, you know, if it gets too overwhelming you just have to do what you have to do, you know.
Patient: Right.
Nurse: Yeah. Ok. Um, let me just do, um, depression screen really quick and I'll update
Patient: That. All
Nurse: Right. So, over the last past two weeks. How often have you been bothered with the following problems? Um, little interest or pleasure in doing things.
Patient: Yeah, I'm constantly doing things. Climb Lauder and all. I climbed the ladder to put the lights in where my truck is and everybody was flipping out on me. I borrowed the neighbor's ladder and he come home and I said, he said, I don't care. Just said, put it back when you're done with,
Nurse: Um, how about feeling down depressed or hopeless?
Patient: I get it that way. But it don't last long as long as I'm on those pills. But if I go off those pills, I just sit and cry, stare at the walls and I can't afford to do that.
Nurse: Yeah. So that's why I'm gonna make sure I call that doctor's office for you and try to get you an appointment. Ok. Um, how about trouble falling asleep or staying asleep or sleeping too much?
Patient: Not sleeping enough? Or they ask me all the time at therapy with the neck and just? Mhm. I just got too much on my plate again. So I sleep with five dogs now. My 410, because I don't use my bedroom because of the situation with the neighbor that his son killed. And I had where they broke in my house once. So now I sleep where I can see what's going on all the way around my house. Mhm.
Nurse: So, how, um, would you say how often did you not really get so much sleep. Do you do? Is that like, almost every day or just? Yeah.
Patient: You know, if I get four hours I'm lucky because I'm starting to get even bags under my eyes, they're not real bad because I went and got one of them things. You roll eye.
Nurse: Yeah, I wanna make sure that you're getting your rest because that helps. So, you know, sleep helps, helps a lot. Yeah. Um, ok. How about feeling tired or having little energy?
Patient: No, I've always got energy probably from all the Sprite I drink because that I shouldn't, I try and limit myself, but I've been bad lately with that.
Nurse: Yeah. Um, how about, uh, poor appetite or overeating?
Patient: No, my appetite's fine.
Nurse: Ok. Um, feeling bad about yourself.
Patient: No, I don't have that problem.
Nurse: Ok. Um, any trouble concentrating on things like reading or watching TV?
Patient: No, not really. The dogs don't give me time to do it. Yeah. But he stepping
Nurse: So, yeah. Um, and then what about any thoughts of harming yourself for suicide?
Patient: No. No.
Nurse: Ok. Um, now, let's see. So, yeah, with your knee have, now with your knee, did you have like any, did you notice any swelling or redness in it at all?
Patient: No, it just why he stuck it straight into the front of my knee like that. They've never done that before. Yeah. And then after he did that one I made sure he put the other one in the side because I, I do have bone on bone. I mean, I used to crawl around on roofs, putting roofs on. So that didn't help.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. And like you said, like, with the weather, sometimes with that cold aggravates the, um, arthritis. So just, you know, you continue to do your, your Tylenol Advil and the heat, um,
Patient: If you can get a finger though, now that's hard to keep changing it. I got these little mini heating pads that I could just put on my knees or right in the front. Now they won't cover them after I should have got more when they did cover them. And they said they changed the stuff all the time. One time you can get this and next time you can't. So, yeah, they
Nurse: Do, unfortunately because a lot of that, um, those topical, um, patches and everything were covered, but now they say you can buy them over the counter. They don't cover them anymore. But, so you have to come out of your own pocket to do that, unfortunately. But,
Patient: Um, use the regular heating pads. Little square one. If I can make one myself, I make one.
Nurse: Yeah, you could do, do you have like you got a regular heating pad that you plug up or you can do like this? Uh,
Patient: They don't work these, I can strap around my neck. It's just the right side and it's got a strap and around my leg. And it don't fall off and. Oh, yeah, that was
Nurse: Convenient. Yeah.
Patient: But now see, I got my 10 $10 when you pay five or something CV S so it was $20. I only had to pay eight something for one today. So that wasn't bad. Not too bad.
Nurse: Ok. Um, let me see.
Patient: I should be a sales person for people though because now my daughter says, oh, I want one so bad. So now I go
Nurse: Get gonna
Patient: Find, gonna give, send one to her for her Christmas present because I said I don't have much money now this year because I'm not working, you know, I'm side jobs as much with all these being up at therapy so much. And they all said mom, you gave us all those years. It's our turn to take care of you. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. It's hard when you were, when you're so used to doing things that you wanna do it. But you know,
Patient: I still do dumb things. I, I just couldn't kill mice anymore. This person has mice. I went and it was horrible. I put that tape or glue. Oh, it's horrible. They lay on their breathing or looking at you. So or screaming. So I can't do it no more. So I invested in one that they go in, it'll hold up to 10 and then you can, then I'm gonna take them out in the country from this third person's house and turn them loose because they can't kill all over. That's ok.
Nurse: That's better than watching it
Patient: Suffer. Well, hearing it on there and then pulling it out and I tried to get them off and it's like ripping them and I, oh, I just can't do it again. It left a horrible memory in my brain. Ok. The mice, everybody's having mice problems right now. It must be because of the real cold they're getting in different. People are telling me. Well, I had to, I got a bat out of somebody's house. They got me up at 12 o'clock at night, they're screaming and the granddaughter has Down syndrome. So she had to rush her back over to her house and chased all over. Finally got it. And then they were upset because I took it down along the river and turn it loose. I couldn't kill and then I find out they're instinct anyways. You're not allowed. Oh, really? I didn't know that. Oh, yeah, because they keep the, uh, they're starting to get distinct and they're also, they keep the bug population down. I heard they, so I looked all the stuff up online. I couldn't have killed it anyways. They're all saying just kill it. I couldn't do that.
Nurse: Yeah. I don't think I will be able to do it either. Ok. Let me see. So I will
Patient: Other name for me then.
Nurse: Yeah, I'm gonna, um, yeah, Doctor New Office and find out what's going on. And then you said that you were gonna call Ortho to see if you can get, ok. And then, yeah, if you can't get after what? Well, I'll call you back after I call Doctor [PHI-Personal] office and see what they say. And if you can't get an appointment um, soon with Ortho, we can call doctor, I mean, I can send a message over to doctor and see if they can get you in to be looked at.
Patient: Ok. Ok, now they're pretty good with me over there though. I miss the one girl that worked the secretary but this was pretty nice too
Nurse: Good. It's always good to have good people looking out for you.
Patient: Yeah, because you can get crowd ones. Yeah, definitely. Unfortunately. Right.
Nurse: Ok. All right. Well let me go ahead and um call them and then um I'll call you back and I'll let you know what they say. Ok.
Patient: Ok, thank you. So. Alright. You're
Nurse: Welcome.
Patient: Bye bye.
