Nurse: Is this better?
Patient: Oh, yeah, so much better. Perfect.
Nurse: Ok. So um this is what we're gonna do. I'm gonna talk to you about your [PHI-Personal] results and then I'm gonna ask you some questions and we're gonna see what doctor thinks. Ok. Um She sent um a message to you about your labs saying that your iron levels are low. Um But your thyroid function and your cholesterol panel are both stable and your A one C has improved to 8.4 which she said is great. Your kidney function has also improved. Uh Even though your iron levels are low, she said your CBC is not showing anemia. So she wants you to continue your iron supplement with the slow fe which is slow iron and if you have questions to let her know. So questions about those labs.
Patient: Um Well, the thing is I talked to her about the iron. She had recommended the iron early on, but my concern was that I am so constipated, which is very unusual for me because I've been years with just diarrhea. That's all I've had for years. And now I'm so constipated that I have to every night take milk of Magnesia or Senokot. And I try to alternate in order to be able to go to the bathroom. So I have, instead of taking the, um, the iron supplement, which is very constipating to me, I've been eating ca liver about three times a week and that's what, and spinach and that's what I've been doing for iron. So, uh, but so anyway, just to, you know, and I, I did mention that to her at one time about the constipating iron supplements. It, it's scary when I'm so I already went to the emergency room one time because I was so constipated. I mean, this tells you how bad I am. So I have not taken iron.
Nurse: Ok. And then let's talk about the dizziness. So the day that you saw her, you had some tubes put into your ears because of fluid. Now you said that you saw the ear doctor today and what happened in that visit? Did he take the tubes out or the tubes still in? Like tell me about the visit?
Patient: Oh, ok. Well, he just had just put them in two weeks ago and they just come out automatically and about six months and all he did. The only reason I was there today was for him to check the positioning, I guess of the two, make sure it was doing its job or whatever. It only took about a second. And uh he said everything looked good as far as the tube was concerned. And I told him about the dizziness. And I said, but it's different before. When I was dizzy, I couldn't ST, I mean, my head was swirling and swirling. I've never in my life experienced anything like that and I couldn't stand up. So I had to have the support of my somebody or something to help me to even walk from my living room to my bathroom. It was that bad. But once he put the tubes in my ear and he suctioned out a lot of fluid, he said there was a huge amount of fluid. Um, then I can hear a lot better, you know, as far as all that weirdness is concerned. It's not that this is associated more with. Um II I don't know if I'm, if I'm explaining it right. It's like I'm going to black out and I get so weak at the same time, my legs just don't want to and, and it, and it last, well, it, it varies. I mean, it can last a few minutes or it can last a couple, you know, I mean, I don't know. So, uh um anyway, so I'm gonna ask you
Nurse: Questions about that. So you describe the feeling as though like your legs get weak and you feel shaky as though you're gonna pass out. That's how the dizziness feels when that happens. Are you nauseous or do you feel like you're sweating?
Patient: Um I'm not nauseous. Um, and I'm not sweating. Um, uh, uh, but I see now my, I've had a full heart check up with that stress test thing and that turned out fine. I know I've got AFIB type. I take medicine for AFIB. Sure. But, uh, but I feel like my, something in my chest is flip flopping. It's just flip flopping. But I do have the finger thing that, that tells me what my heart's doing. Uh, it's some, sometimes it's 60 sometimes it's, uh, up in the, the nineties but, you know, in the, in the safe range, but not all at one time, it's not doing it up and down, up and down while I'm taking it. And how, right.
Nurse: So this is how you feel and then it, it resides on its own. Does anything make it better or worse? Meaning like, is it when you're changing positions? Is it when you wake up in the morning? Is it when you haven't had a meal?
Patient: Um, it is the only thing that really helps me is to sit in my chair. Uh, and, and that's, that's, uh, when it's happening. And, uh, the last few days I haven't even been able to, uh, uh, uh, I mean, it's gotten really, uh, what do you call it where debilitating to where, uh, you know, I'm used to just going from room to room and doing all my stuff and everything and I haven't been able, now today is the best I felt, I feel pretty darn good right now. But for all this time it's just gotten worse and worse until I told my son I, I, I've had a hard work. I have, uh, I, I mean, I don't know what's causing this. I don't know. But I, so much.
Nurse: Is it happening? How often is it happening? Like you're, you, is it happening every day? Multiple times a day?
Patient: Oh, yes. Yes. If it was just occasionally I, I probably wouldn't even pay attention to it. Ok? But it, and does it
Nurse: When you, when you um when it happens, you are not noticing that you're cha changing positions. And how about when you lay down when you lay down? Uh are you OK? Or does it feel like you're dizzy when you lay down?
Patient: No, I, I actually feel all right when I lay down and I feel all right when I'm sitting in my chair leaning back, it's only when I'm trying to walk. Uh or stand. Those are the times that it's really OK, really
Nurse: Bad. And then uh have you ever checked your BP when you felt like this?
Patient: Yes, I have, I, I bought a BP thing and, and checked and it's been now like 1 47 or something over 80 or 90 you know, stuff like that. So it see everything's checking out.
Nurse: So you're saying when it happens, you check your BP and it's in the one forties. Have you checked your blood sugar when this happens?
Patient: Yes. And I like that. It's, uh, well, it was like it in the morning. It would be like 100 or, you know, it's, it's, it's up there in the, it's good range. 112. And so you check it every day
Nurse: That you feel this way or
Patient: Just, I, I can't do it every time because I have to poke my finger and that would be too many, multiple times a day. I, I can't do that.
Nurse: What about the BP? How often have you actually checked it when you felt this way?
Patient: Um, I don't check it that often. I've only checked it a couple of times a day and because I guess because it seemed all right to me, I just don't bother with it anymore.
Nurse: Ok. Um, and do you feel any numbness or tingling?
Patient: Um, just when my, no, not really. Just when my legs feel so weak, my legs feel like numb, you know, kind of tingly because II, I, I'm shaking, my legs are shaking and I feel like I'm gonna pass
Nurse: Out. Do you have any blurry vision when this happened?
Patient: Ok. No.
Nurse: Ok. All right. So what we're gonna do is I'm gonna have to talk to Doctor [PHI-Personal] and explain to her, you know, like what's happening, we're gonna get her advice. She may need to try to work. Uh, I, she has nothing open in her schedule but she may need to see you. Um, so if she needs to see you, she's gonna have to work an appointment in for you. Um, but otherwise I'm gonna see what she recommends and we're gonna go from there. Ok.
Patient: Ok, this here's the thing too. Um I feel a lot better right now, you know, I walk to the car, walked everywhere and I'm feeling really good today, but I drank myself almost today
Nurse: And you are gonna continue to and you are gonna continue to drink an adequate amount of fluids. You're gonna do what you're doing until we talk to doctor [PHI-Personal]. I mean it can um like dehydration cause dizziness. Yes, but it can also cause like headaches, feeling fatigued. Um If you're dehydrated, you're passing small amounts of urine. Um and your mouth would feel very dry. So I'm not cer certain there are a lot of things that can cause dizziness, like you said, could it be a side effect of medication? Could it be that your BP is changing as you move positions? Um Could it be some related to your blood sugar and the Trulicity, you know. So um we're gonna have to like talk with doctor and then go from, you know what her recommendation is. Ok?
Patient: Ok. But in the
Nurse: Meantime, I want you to do what you're doing and have adequate fluids.
Patient: Ok. I've got company, my family coming in from out of state. Tonight and so I can't be all I've tried. So that's why I tried so hard to get better, so quick because I need to be, we got all kinds of things planned. I, I just, you see where I'm going with that. Right. Well, I do
Nurse: But I, but I, I mean, I don't want us to not address it with Doctor [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Ok. Oh, yeah, you have to do that right.
Nurse: Ok. So let let me talk with her and then we will go from there. Ok?
Patient: Ok, thank you so much. You're
Nurse: Welcome [PHI-Personal]. As soon as I have some answers from her, I will call you back.
Patient: Ok? Thank you.
Nurse: Alright. You're welcome bye bye.
