Nurse: Good morning. This is how can I help you? Uh Yes, I uh got a call a few minutes ago from an [PHI-Personal]. She's a care manager. Ok. May I ask who I'm speaking with [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal], [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal]. All right, let me get you pulled up here and I will see if I can get you transferred over to [PHI-Personal]. Ok, sure. Thank you. And sir, do you mind just verifying your birthday for me? [PHI-Account]? Thank you. Mhm. All right. Hold on just one moment. I'm gonna see if we can get [PHI-Personal] on the line for you. Ok. Ok. Thank you. Hello. Yes, sir. I am getting [PHI-Personal] just one moment. Ok. Ok. Thank you. Good morning Mister [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal]. Hey, [PHI-Personal], how are you? I'm doing good. How are you doing, sir? Uh uh it's it's it hasn't been easy. That's all I can do. Yeah. Well, I wanna talk to you about that but first can you just uh tell me your name and date of birth so that I can identify you for [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal]? Date of birth? [PHI-Account]. Perfect. Thank you. I'm gonna pull up your chart here too. Ok. Ok. What you got going on Mr [PHI-Personal]? I see the last time you saw the doctor was in early [PHI-Personal]. I'm still getting you pulled up. But I remember looking at it. Well, I, I've, uh, I, I, I've seen the, uh, ok, neurologist. Yeah. What did they say? Uh, well, I, I did, uh, uh, partial test at Tower. Supposedly she gave me instructions to give to Tower and um, it was supposed to been, she had it marked off for brain scan or MRI brain and MRI lower lumbar um without contrast. Um, so I got the uh lumbar done but I never could get the, uh the brain scan. I, I even called the clinic on [PHI-Geographic] or I got, I got uh is her name Doctor [PHI-Personal]. She, uh I, I, oh, I got it right here. I got it right here. Good. I'm not gonna put you through that hassle. Well, I, I've, I've done it a few times so I, I think I, I'm sure. Well, I, uh what I really want to ask you about, um, I know that whenever you saw doctor last month she changed your medication a bit, took you off of the Cymbalta because you were having a hard time with that. I guess it was giving you some stomach problems. Is that correct? Right. Ok. Did it said that she put you on Lexapro? Have you been taking that is that is that gabapentin? No, the Lexapro is a little white pill that helps with depression. Oh, ok. I, uh, no, I don't, I'm not taking that because that gave me stomach problems too. So I stopped taking it. Uh, maybe you could tell, uh, uh, or get a hold of, uh, uh, [PHI-Personal] Dixie at [PHI-Geographic] and [PHI-Geographic]. Or even, I could do that, I guess. Uh, yeah, I would have you call them, um but so you're not taking that at all. So how are you doing with your depression? If you're not taking anything to help? How's how, how's that going? Well, well, the gabapentin uh she also gave me a prescription for that also and that's an anxiety but it's pain mostly and the pain is what made me depressed. So I figured, you know, and it didn't give me any stomach problems, the gabapentin. So, you know, I, I just decided to take that. Ok. Oh yeah. And also also I need a refill from the gabapentin also. OK. Write that down for you. We can definitely do that, send a request over for a refill. Let me see if anyone else has tried to refill that for you. OK. OK. Just to make sure I don't wanna double dip, right? It doesn't look like one's been put in just yet. So I think maybe maybe we do that for you, maybe Lisinopril because I think they had called to say that they had a uh medication if I had gotten it, I don't think I have. So you need a refill on the Lisinopril also. Uh Unless they've already done it, they have called to uh uh to let me know and uh I believe, I believe that's what it was, but I'm my mind's going. I, I understand. So, yeah, so I will let her know that you're not taking the Lexapro. Um Just be careful with that and recognizing symptoms of depression, a lack of joy in doing things, um, fatigue, sleeping a lot more through the day. Um, things like that. Be watching for those, even though you're taking the gabapentin and the ga gabapentin can help a lot with that anxiety. Um, but if you start noticing those symptoms, you need to contact us or your provider. Ok. Because it's important that we take care of that. If, if you start getting really depressed, then it starts to affect your physical health too. Uh, we don't, we don't need that. Right. Right. Ok. Right. Yes. Uh, so outside of the refills, are you taking all of your other medications? Yes. Ok. And they're all, I mean, yeah, it wasn't, it was just the, um, Cain and the Lisinopril and, uh, was the only prescribed besides the gabapentin? Ok. You know, the rest is, is like, uh, supplements, you know, I see. Uh, well, what about the Flomax? Are you taking that Flomax? That, which one is that? Now that helps with your, your pro, your prostate? Oh, yeah, that's the, your bladder. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I am taking that and the Lisinopril, how many times a day are you taking that? Uh, [PHI-Personal]? Ok. Perfect. Perfect. And is that helping? It seems to be? Yes. Ok. Good, good. And with your BP medication, when you take that, are you monitoring your BP at all? No, I don't, I don't have any way to do that but I, I feel good, you know, it's, I, yeah, and, uh, it was, it's important for, it's important to monitor it. We do have an R PM program that we're starting up where we can send you a BP cuff and a nurse will teach you how to set it up. And if you take your readings every day when you take those readings, it comes over to our system and we have nurses that monitor it. So, if it's out of range, too high or too low, they can send that directly to the doctor when it happens. Mm. So that might be something that you could think about about. Yeah. Absolutely. And with monitoring and it's important to monitor your BP. Do you know the signs and symptoms of high BP if you don't? That's ok. So some of the, some of the signs and symptoms are a headache that won't go away. A nose bleed, dizziness, lightheadedness, all of those things can and, and flushing of the skin, if your face starts turning really red, all of those can be symptoms of high BP. Ok. So it's important, it's important that we, we get you on, on some type of system where you can monitor yourself. So, you know, if you're having those issues or not. Ok. Would you be interested in maybe trying that program? Um, yeah, I think that sounds pretty good. What do you think, [PHI-Personal]? Just checking the um BP every mo, every morning and it, and it goes to our system so that we can, we can monitor it to see if it's getting higher, if it's getting low and, and send that to the doctor. Ok, we'll try it. That sound good. Ok. Well, what I'll do then if you're ok with it is I'll transfer you over to one of our enrollment specialist who can help you get enrolled with that. Is that ok? That's fine. All right. I appreciate that. I hope we can help you with that. Oh, yeah, my friend just asked, is she gonna uh um redo the uh prescription that I, I will see? I will put in for a refill for the gabapentin and the Lisinopril, correct? Ok, Lisinopril. Yes. Yes, I can do that. Ok. Now, let me see if I can get you connected over. I'm pretty new at the phone thing, so don't be too rough on me. All right, let me see if I can do this. All right trying to find the right person here to send you to give me just a second Mr [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Sure. Hello. Yeah. Hello M Mr [PHI-Personal]. Yeah, I'm trying to connect you right now but can I give you the direct phone number for the young lady who you'll speak to just in case it doesn't go through? Sure. Ok. Are you ready? Yes. Ok. It's [PHI-Account] [PHI-Account] and her name is [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Account]. Yes and I'm gonna try to transfer you one more time. Ok. But just in case it doesn't go through that's her direct number so you can call her right when we get off. Ok? I sure will. Thank you. Alright just a moment Mr [PHI-Personal]. Thank you you good morning.
Patient: Hello. Yes, good morning. My name is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you today? Oh
Nurse: [PHI-Personal] my name is [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal]. I just got your number um from doctor [PHI-Personal] office and uh they wanna see about getting a um BP um apparatus and then I'm supposed to check it every day and then it's supposed to go to uh someone that's monitoring, monitoring it. Hello. Hello. Hello. Good morning. Yes, good morning this
Patient: Beca yes I'm not sure what's happening.
Nurse: I know it's it's been uh the phones have been acting up.
Patient: Ok. Not a problem. I'm sorry you said your name was
Nurse: [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal]. Date of birth? [PHI-Account].
Patient: Ok. And you are with a
Nurse: Doctor? [PHI-Personal]?
Patient: Ok. Ok, I see you here. Perfect. Ok, looks like you are. Hello? Yes. Ok. Looks like you are an active care management uh patient. How can I help you today?
Nurse: Uh yeah, I was talking with someone from doctor's office and they just recommended uh because I have no way to checking my uh BP and I'm on the, I'm on Lisinopril. So um they would said something about um uh
Patient: RP ma remote patient monitoring program. We as well. Excellent. Ok. Not a problem. Bear with me for just a moment. Let me pull up your account and this other. Sure, perfect. Ok. So what the remote patient monitoring program is, it's um we'll mail out any devices that you are eligible for which uh this time looks like it is the BP, uh the BP monitor cuff. Uh We'll mail that out for you. It's at no cost to you. It uh will arrive in about seven days. It auto your readings automatically upload into our system. We update doctor on a daily basis, I believe every 15 readings, we update doctor. Um and then um let's see it. Um Now the service is billable service as same as care management. So it's subject it's available service to Medicare, Medicare Advantage plans and secondary insurances. So it is subject to deductible copay co insurance. Now, the nurse um uh specialist. Our specialist will reach out to you in about a week or so once you receive your device just to help you set it up, make sure you're confident in using it. Answer any questions you may have, then you'll resume your calls with Carisa as normal. Um As I'm looking here, it looks like that's the only device that you qualify for. So I just wanna verify your address before we go ahead and get that out for you. I've got you at 157009709, Lakeshore Villa Loop lot 173, Tampa [PHI-Geographic] 33613. Is that correct? Correct? Perfect. And we are all set. Do you have any questions for me at this time? [PHI-Personal]? Not at all. Excellent. Alright, so I be in look out for your device. I can I arrive in about a week or so through fedex? Ok. Sounds great. Thank you for your time. You have a great day. Oh,
Nurse: You do. Thank you. You're
Patient: Welcome. Mhm. Bye bye bye.
