Nurse: Nurse manager. This is [PHI-Personal]. This is surely we're calling and someone just call here from me. Um, let me take a look
Patient: New country right now. This is party with Lady [PHI-Personal]. A great performance on the was a couple weeks ago. Here's ok.
Nurse: May have been Kate. Let me look real quick. They just called here a few minutes ago. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah, it was Kate. Um, so she wanted to go over the chronic care management program with you. Do you have some time to do that with me? Go ahead. Ok. So I would be your nurse moving forward. Kate was just kind of helping me out. I'm calling some of my patients today. Um, my name is Erica. I'm one of the chronic care managers. Yeah. Got you. Um, so what this program is is I'm kind of like your personal nurse. So if you wake up and you're not feeling well, you can call me and I work directly with the doctor's office and where do I call? I will give you a number. Oh, ok. I'm getting ahead of the game. You're ok. Um, I'll send you a letter in the mail with all of my information on it that way you have it. Ok? Um, I always tell people pin it up on their fridge because if you're not feeling well and you need my number, that's when you're not gonna be able to find it. Um, probably I can lose it from the bar. Yeah. Um, and then if you need like a, um, a prescription refill or anything, you can call me and I can take care of it. I work directly with the doctor's office to help streamline your case. So if my prescriptions out I can give you a call and you can take care of it. Absolutely. Absolutely. Got you. Yeah. Um, so, yeah, I'm kind of like your own personal nurse. Anything a nurse can do. I can, um, I can help you with it. All right. Understood. Yeah. Do you have any questions? No, not at the moment. I don't. Ok. I seem to be ok right this minute. But I have good days and bad days. Some days I'm real perky and some days I'm just, yeah. Yeah. But what do you expect for 82? I, a spring chicken. That's true. And you deserve to have those, uh, days. Um, do you want to go over your medications today with me or do you want to wait until next call? What do you mean go over my medications? I like to, um, go over your medications to make sure that what, um, what uh Doctor Hayden has in his charting is what I have in mind, even though we share the same charting system sometimes understand what you're saying. Yeah. Uh well, um we can just go over them later if that's ok with you. That is totally fine. I will um we'll do that next call so I reach out to you monthly um just to see if you need anything. Um Yeah, so we'll, we'll play it by ear and do that next month. But if you need anything in the meantime, don't hesitate to call. Ok. Ok, I appreciate it. Thank you. Yeah, I'll get that letter in the mail to you. Ok, Shirley. Ok, that'll be fine. All right, you have a great day and I'll talk to you soon. Ok. Bye bye bye bye.
