Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hey, [PHI-Personal], it's [PHI-Personal] calling back.
Nurse: Hi, thanks for calling me back. Give me one second. I'm gonna get your chart pulled up. Ok.
Patient: Mhm. No,
Nurse: I see that they got your, um, I checked last week. I wanted to make sure they got back to you about that. Um, a one c I see they got that scheduled for you. [PHI-Personal]. So you have that prior to your appointment. So that's good. Ok, good. Um, I wanted to check too, uh, just kind of see how things were going. I know they started you on that gabapentin. See how you were feeling with that.
Patient: Well, what can I say? It? It's, it might have taken the edge off a little. But, so if I do something I still have to sit down. Ok. And I'm on I, what, 600 now.
Nurse: So you're taking two in the morning, um, two at night and two at noon time, right?
Patient: Well, [PHI-Personal] times a day. Ok.
Nurse: Two tablets, [PHI-Personal] times per day. Ok. And how long have you been on that? Just
Patient: Good question. I don't know, like, maybe, oh, not too long that I've been on the, the [PHI-Personal], I mean, the 23 times a day. Ok.
Nurse: So, just for maybe a couple week or two, for a week. Ok.
Patient: I'd say, but my head gets funny, you know, just gets feeling funny.
Nurse: Ok. And is that something new since you've been on the gabapentin?
Patient: Yeah. Ok. And, ah, I went up to wood for an Ortho today and apparently it was the wrong doctor. Oh, no, I have a coon or something like that. I was supposed to, I saw before which I didn't even know, you know, it's like I have so many freaking doctors. I can't remember their names. And anyways, uh, when I, when I made this appointment, where was it at was, who was I with the back doctor, I think, and then they made it for me. Apparently they made it with the wrong doctor.
Nurse: Oh. So what happened? Did they have to schedule it? Like, reschedule you?
Patient: Well, I said there's no point in rescheduling until I see the other guy on the second because if, if they will do the surgery, uh, she said that she recommends doing the back first before the shoulder.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: I mean, this was, I don't know what she was, she was with the doctor. She said, generally speaking, but she's said apparently my shoulders is pretty bad according to her. And that, what did they say, reconstructive surgery? Something like that? So, you probably
Nurse: Like a total. Oh, so your whole rotator cuffs flown. Oh,
Patient: Yeah, that plus there's spurs in there and arthritis and didn't sound good. The doctor, I don't know. He said, well, he asked what was going on and stuff and because he didn't know that I wasn't supposed to be there at first. And then he says, oh, you must have seen the other doctor. I said I can't remember his name or anything. And, uh, I know there was a, a black guy with him, that doctor, but I can't remember what the doctor looks like. Guys. Stop it. That hurts, jump, jump, jump, go, get down. I'd be bored without them. But sometimes these two, the youngest two get the zoo me and they're from all over the place. Oh, my goodness. Yeah, I better go somewhere else. So, anyway, basically he just walks out. Oh,
Nurse: My goodness. So you're gonna kind of wait until you see doctor in the beginning of [PHI-Personal] to decide what you're gonna do about your shoulder anyhow? Is that kind of where you're going? Ok. I
Patient: Guess, I mean, nobody really helps me, you know, um, like to talk it out. What I, what I should do if I wouldn't have asked her a question, you know, like, well, what should I do first?
Nurse: Right. You mean your back or your so? Right. Yeah.
Patient: You know, I said what, which is more important? Well, I know my back's important but so I don't know. And how long does a back recovery take you and then have another surgery and, yeah. Oh, my God. So, I, I just wanna quit. Just totally quit.
Nurse: Well, don't quit. Now. You're, you, you're coming along, you're making baby steps every time. So, you know, that's good. And hopefully, you know, we can get, you get that hemoglobin A one c, everything's good with that. You meet with your back doctor, you get the ok from that and then you know, you get these things done and recovery isn't always fun. But then you know, hopefully by you know, this time next year, even before that we wanna say before that, let's say spring time you feel like a brand new woman.
Patient: Yeah. Right. So
Nurse: The gabapentin that doctor [PHI-Personal] gave you, did she give it to you? Like for your back pain, shoulder pain just for everything in general. It mostly
Patient: The back.
Nurse: Yeah. Ok. And you're noticing that it's taking the edge off but when you're up and doing a lot of things, you do still notice that you have to stop and rest a while.
Patient: Yeah, like, I mean, it wasn't anything super physical but I was on my feet. We were [PHI-Personal] was helping me clean out them, the pantry. It's not big, it's just basically a closet and because we have every spring and fall, we get freaking mice in there. I don't know what to do about it. But I think we got like 16 in a trap. Oh, my goodness. I know. It just drives you insane because I have ur here and he just puts these, I don't know, metal traps and sticky stuff. Well, the cats go in sometimes and they get caught in the sticky stuff. Oh, it was like I told them don't put sticky stuff in there because my animals just zoom right in there, you know. Right. Yeah. And then they put a metal in, in there and they didn't get it but didn't get any. So we set our own little trap things and I got 16.
Nurse: Oh, my goodness. Well, hey, that's, well, you know, they find their way in every little crack that they can this time of year, you know, to try to get out of the cold. They're not dumb. So, yeah, that, that happens. I'm glad you at least found a way that you can get them trapped and get them out.
Patient: Well, they're dead when we get
Nurse: Them. Yeah, exactly. Not get them out, meaning exterminate them. You don't want them coming back in, you release them outside. They'll find their way back in. Uh, that's
Patient: Exactly it. The one, the one, uh, my one cat went in and I had all the traps out and she just decided she was gonna go in and she kept looking and looking and looking and then she was scratching at something and I went in and looked and here there was one in like, uh, what was it, rice or something like that? And one was in the plastic bag that I put over it and she was trying to get this one. It was alive yet. Oh, my goodness. So I took it outside and, but I gave it to one of my other cats and she just played with this stupid thing. It's like my outside cat. You know, I thought for sure she just got a little but she played with it. I don't know if she eventually ate it then or what. But I'm like, oh my God. But [PHI-Personal], she really wanted that mouse. Oh
Nurse: My gosh. That's funny.
Patient: So, anyways, I was helping clean that out and wiping things off and stuff and then I had to sit down a couple times just doing that
Nurse: Just from, you know, being up on your feet. Ok. Now, when you said it makes your head, um, feel funny. What do you mean, like, does it make you feel like kind of spacey or are you overly tired
Patient: Or? Well, I know I was, I'm overly getting overly tired because driving up, well, mostly driving home from singer, I was like, feeling like I should stop and just close my eyes. I was tired and I don't like that when I have to drive, you know,
Nurse: And that definitely is one of the most common side effects from gabapentin feeling, you know, sleepy, tired, um, dizzy, usually as your body gets used to, uh, gabapentin. You know, usually those side effects do wear off. Um, but unfortunately that is one of the most common side effects
Patient: And what, what else? Um, something else about it. Sugar. It was right there. But [PHI-Personal] is so funny.
Nurse: You say sugar too. You're the only person I say that all the time because I don't swear. I, I don't like swearing. So, and it's funny I will be like sugar when, or I'll say sugar beans too. I don't know why. You're the only other person I've heard you say, heard, say
Patient: Sugar. Well, I try not to curse too. Sugar is my curse word. Going
Nurse: To, oh my gosh, that's [PHI-Personal]. There's
Patient: Something else I say, but I can't remember when I wanna remember it. It just comes out, uh. Right. Uh, oh, see, I can't remember it but sometimes it just comes out like it's jumping. That's not it, but it's something
Nurse: Naturally, it just comes out of your mouth and it's, it's your, it's your other swear word. Right.
Patient: But anyways, uh, yeah. So it, I don't know what to say about it. I do. Oh, I know. Does it make you gain weight?
Nurse: Um, so weight gain is another side effect.
Patient: Yes. Uh huh. Well, guess what?
Nurse: And you're, you've gained a little weight? Yes, I have. Do you feel like you're gaining weight because maybe you're getting, like, have you been eating more or? There's no been no change in your, like, have your, has your appetite increased with it?
Patient: Um, yeah, I think it has because, but I don't know that I'm over overeating but I'm, well, I probably am eating more because before I didn't eat much. Ok. Got you. I mean, and I, it's not that I'm constantly, you know, eating or something, but, ah, the, I guess it was a back doctor. I must have had the gabapentin when I went to see him. Oh, see, I, I swear I'm getting Alzheimer's. I really do. But I just
Nurse: Have a lot. You have a lot going on right now. So that definitely it makes things jumble up sometimes in your mind.
Patient: It does. And anyway, he gave me two others because I told him, I think I was gaining weight on it and then he gave me, um, the name of two other kinds. Mhm. So, I don't know if, uh, that would be any better or not. I don't know if you want me, I can go get what they are.
Nurse: Was that at your appointment on the [PHI-Personal]
Patient: Of what
Nurse: [PHI-Personal] or was it earlier than that?
Patient: Uh, it probably was the [PHI-Personal] 1? Yeah. Was
Nurse: It with your spine surgeon? I
Patient: Think so. Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. Let me just let me pull that up and see if I can
Patient: If, I don't know if he wrote it down on the thing, but he wrote it on a card for me.
Nurse: Yeah. I don't see it down. I don't see it in the actual note if you have it there. Yeah, I can, if you have the name of the other ones, I can take note of it here and send it over in an update.
Patient: Yeah. But, um, if she wants me to stay on the Gaba, I mean, it takes so long to get to them dosage because I think she had said she wanted me to be, like, on 600 when I started. So I am. Now my head's not always foggy but sometimes it is. It's just weird. Uh, hm, I gotta put the phone down a second. Ok. Oh, that's fine. Yeah. Hold, hold on. Oh. Oh, ok. First he wrote Lumbar spinal stenosis and neuro genetic cla.
Nurse: Ok. Claudication. Ok.
Patient: And Lumbar Laminectomy. Mhm. And I think the, are any of those medications?
Nurse: No, those would all be like diagnosis. And the lumbar Laminectomy is a surgery.
Patient: Oh, because then he put a, a [PHI-Personal] and [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: So, I guess probably websites.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. Where the sugar did? He did. I put that card. I have so many cards. It's like, oh, my God. I know I had it.
Nurse: Have you been having any issues while you're looking, any issues with your stomach? Like any, uh, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, anything like that.
Patient: Well, not exactly. I have a lot of gass. That could be, um, one of my supplements. I don't know. Oh, sugar's not there. I don't know where the heck I put it just, I'm one handed here.
Nurse: Usually, usually those, the side effects that you're having, all of them are definitely the more common ones, um, that they classify as a more milder side effect from gabapentin. And a lot of the times once you're on gabapentin for a little bit, your body gets used to it and those side effects go away, your body adjusts. Um, so I'm not sure, you know, I will definitely, I'm gonna update because I see in the, in the chart that they kind of want to see how you were feeling anyhow. So I'm gonna update Doctor [PHI-Personal] letting her know these, um, they'll probably want you to, you know, try it a little bit longer, especially since it's at least taking the edge off, which I think at this point, you know, what you need is you need the surgery to, you know, start to feel better. But until you can get to that point, um, at least the gabapentin is helping to take the edge off though. It's, I'm sure it's not getting you to where you wanna be.
Patient: No, I would like to walk but I can only go short distances still. It's like it, it's not helping the cutting off the whatever it cuts off that I can't walk. But the pharmacist said too. I talked to her. I don't know what I talked to her about, but I talked to her about, I guess gabapentin and she says, well, that does take a while. She said because it kind of makes new nerves around the others or something like that. And it would take a while. It, it does,
Nurse: It's one of those things that take a while to, to build up. That's why, you know, don't get frustrated if you're not right away. It's good that you're feeling, you know, a little bit of taking the edge off. But, um, it, it does take, and that's why you have to slowly build up your dose with it too.
Patient: Well, so, I don't know, I will need a prescription if I'm supposed to stay on it. But here I did find it. It's, uh, oh, read writing pr [PHI-Personal], I think it's a G [PHI-Personal]
Nurse: Boio
Patient: B, Lio, I think [PHI-Personal] mg, T T ID.
Nurse: Yeah, that would be [PHI-Personal] times per day. But I'm trying to think pre
Patient: Pre glo lean lean or something. Maybe it could be an, you just,
Nurse: I bet you it's pre gambling. That would be like Lyrica. Ok. All right.
Patient: His name says
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. I know. Hey, it's a doctor's handwriting. I understand. I had to do a lot of reading of doctor's hand writing. So you said [PHI-Personal] mg T ID is what he said?
Patient: Ok. And the other one is, ah, do [PHI-Personal] Loxt Ine [PHI-Personal]? I don't know what that is. And dash T [PHI-Account] and tea at bed time. Du du, there you go. Yes. Ok. Looks like a [PHI-Personal], [PHI-Account] maybe milligrams. And then he is an arrow. Looks like TL [PHI-Account]. I don't know. So, go ahead.
Nurse: Did he say this is something that he was wanted to try prescribing or did he thought something if the gabapentin didn't work that the doctor, your PC P
Patient: He just said these are alternatives for the gabapentin if it was making me gain weight. Ok. Got you. So. Oh,
Nurse: And that's doctor CK, right. Your spine surgeon. Jak. Ok.
Patient: All right. So I don't know if those are or what they are, you know, are they pain medications or, or what I have? No. So,
Nurse: DULoxetine is um the brand name would be Cymbalta and you might not recognize that Cymbalta is used to um like treat depression and anxiety. But it's one of those medications that can also help um relieve nerve pain or peripheral neuropathy um with anybody with diabetes or arthritis, chronic back pain, fibromyalgia. So, DULoxetine is one of those pills that is generally used for most people for anxiety or depression, but it also has another way to work. Um So that's what DULoxetine and it, and, and like I said, most people take it for anxiety, depression, but also people take it for, you know, back pain and things like that.
Patient: Um Well, I do take sertraline. So I don't know, I wouldn't need another depression one.
Nurse: Well, the Cymbalta would work not for your depression. It would be for your back. And the sertraline, the Zoloft and, yeah, and that's definitely stuff that you would have to, uh, you know, talk to doctor [PHI-Personal] about if she decided she wanted to go down that road. Um, the pre Galin, the, um, brand name would be Lyrica. Um, and it's both of those things that, yes. Yes. And it's, it's used to treat pain. Yeah. You know, caused by nerve damage from diabetes or, uh, spinal cord injury, things like that. It can, it, it, they use it for people with like, um, who has fibromyalgia, any type of pain it's used. Um, and it can also be used to treat seizures. So it's another one of those medication that has a double way of being used. Um, so, yes, those are, those are both what those medications are. Um, so I will do you, I mean, you just feel like your clothes are a little bit tighter. You haven't physically like, got on the scale and been like, oh, yeah, I got five lbs. Ok. And how much weight have you gained?
Patient: Well, I was, what was I, I average 205 to [PHI-Account] 10 somewhere in there and, and today on their scale it was [PHI-Account] 17. Ok. So probably the last time I weighed myself here at home it was [PHI-Account] 12 and I know it had been less than that way. Less, like, so
Nurse: You've gained, like, 5 to 10 lbs.
Patient: Mm. Probably. I was almost below 200 at one point, but not anymore.
Nurse: And that's been, since you've been on the gabapentin, the beginning of [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Ah, yeah, pretty much that has made it go up. I, I know that and I'm starting to get, I don't know if it's neuropathy or what on my right foot, my toes, like it feels like they're the socks or whatever. I don't even wear socks mostly at home. It's bunched up, you know what I mean? Yeah. And it's just, I have that and the other thing is like, uh, when I sit on my recliner to watch TV, or with my tablet, ah, it's like I get, oh, how do I say it? It's like, uh, indigestion almost but not indigestion. It just feels like I, I can't lean back and then I have to get up if I move around and then I have to, like, burp up or something. It's like there's something stuck there. Um, do you notice
Nurse: That after you eat or is it just in general?
Patient: Um, either or?
Nurse: Ok. And has that started just since you've been on the gabapentin?
Patient: So, I can't remember, I think, I mean, I, um, I put like pillows behind me. I, so I can sit up straighter, you know? So my back is not, so I'm not back so much and that seems to help a little bit, but, uh, not 100%. So, I don't know what that is. It's like, I don't know. The other night I took my pills, just my gabapentin at night before I went to bed and, uh, the one I thought they were both down, but apparently it didn't go all the way down and I had to burp, you know, and then it came back up, just a burning sensation. like, oh my God, I thought this room, you know, so I drank something. So I don't know if I'm, my esophagus is getting weird or something. I think of that always because now my, my father in law has it and I guess I, I don't know. I just think that's, oh, maybe it's that, you know, but I hope not.
Nurse: Well, it could be a side effect from the gabapentin if you're having like an indigestion type thing too. Um, let me, let me send a message over to doctor singer. I'm going to let her know that you've been taking the two tablets [PHI-Personal] times a day now for approximately about a week. And, um, you know, it's taking off the edge but, you know, when you still have to do a lot of resting when you're on your feet, I'll let her know that, um, you know, it's making you feel very tired and sleepy. You've had a, an appetite increase and a weight gain of approximately 5 to 10 lbs. Um, you know, you're having that little bit of, um, indigestion, um, feelings whenever you sit down. Um, and then I'm gonna let her know that doctor had mentioned, you know, if you're having the side effects, especially the weight gain that there's other options like the pregabalin and the DULoxetine and all give her the recommended dosages that he said. Um, and then I'll just kind of see if she wants you, you know, since you haven't fully been on the gabapentin, you know, too, too long to see if she wants you to continue it a little bit longer to see if those symptoms usually go away because a lot of times they will, um, or if she wants to try another route. Um, do you have any preference? Like, do you, are you ok with continuing it for a little bit longer to see, you know, if the symptoms start to fade or how are you feeling about that?
Patient: I, I don't care. I mean, I don't often, like, go a way that I have to drive, but, um, it was [PHI-Personal] birthday on Friday. So he took off and he wanted to, to go away. So we did and of course I had to use my walker. Well, some of the places my, the one walker, which he forgot to take my other one which is smaller is big and I couldn't go in some of these places with it. So I just took a cane but, uh, I couldn't, I had to rest a lot. Yeah. Yeah. And so that's what I mean, it's just, ah, just everything. Ok. I mean, if she wants to see me too, that's fine. Just let me know.
Nurse: Ok. All right. I definitely will. I'll send this update, um, and, um, I'll see what, which
Patient: I don't see her until [PHI-Personal] and that's a heck, a long way. That
Nurse: Is. Yes. [PHI-Personal] 3rd. You don't see her too. I'm gonna let her know, go back to, uh, see the, the spinal surgeon too on, did you say the second of [PHI-Personal]? Yes. Ok.
Patient: But I don't know if my A one C will be down. I doubt it because, I mean, sometimes I just, it just goes low the other day on my Dexcom. It was like in the forties and I was like, oh, so then I had to eat, but, like, today I ate cereal, which I don't usually when I'm at home, you know, because it always spikes it up and it did spike it to, I think the highest was [PHI-Account] 10. But it, it does go up. Ok. And I do, if it's so many hours away from when I usually take my insulin, I give myself a couple units because my, um, the diabetic nurse said I can do that. Mhm. I guess you can. Well, that's what I'm doing. Mm.
Nurse: So you're giving yourself 5 to 6 units with breakfast? 5 to 6 units with lunch and then, um, sliding scale and 30. Ok. So
Patient: I see. I'm, I'm usually, it's around five that I give myself, but that's down because I was giving 10. So, what made good, what made it go down? I don't know. But I'm afraid of gaining weight. It'll go back up,
Nurse: You know. Right. Right. Especially if you're having an appetite increase, um, you know, from taking the gabapentin. So let me, let me send this message over. Um, we'll see what she has to say. If she wants to see you in the office to discuss it further, I'll definitely, I'll give you a call back either way. Once I hear back from her, just kind of give you an update on what she thinks and then if she does wanna see you in the office, um, we can get that appointment scheduled for you.
Patient: Ok. Sounds good
Nurse: One step at a time. [PHI-Personal]. That's all we can do, huh? They're probably like
Patient: Me. But, yeah, that's
Nurse: Right. That's right. All right. Well, I will give you a call back when I hear back if you need me for anything, if you have any other questions or concerns, give me a ring before you hear back from me. Ok.
Patient: Well, this guy, this person said today that I cannot stop smoking, I cut it down and I only smoke half, but I can't stop and I'm afraid of the nicotine patch. Mhm. For some reason. It just, I can't get myself to put it on. And I have the, the [PHI-Personal] too, but I'm afraid of that because they said you can't swallow, you know, that stuff. So, what are you supposed to do if it's juicy? I don't know. And then they send me some gum and that's the same thing, basically not to fall out. So, those are aides and they call me, like, once a week, I think I have one more call and then I guess they give up on me. I don't know. Oh, I, I don't know what they do but this last time I had a, some guy who was foreign and he was so hard to understand. I hate when they do that, you know, just give me somebody I can understand, you know, I agree. Oh, I hate that. But anyways and he wasn't very helpful. So I have one more this Saturday supposedly. But anyways, yeah, give that good stuff to [PHI-Personal] and we'll see what happens.
Nurse: Uh, I definitely will and, you know, if you ever talk to somebody like that and you can't understand them, um, just tell them, you know, in a very nice way that I'm sorry, I don't understand. Could you transfer me to another person? You know, and I had to do that before, like, when I've called for, like, companies for whatever, my phone or whatever. And I, I'm like, and I am a nurse and I have experience of talking to a lot of foreign doctors. But there have been times where I'm like, I cannot understand what this guy's saying. How am I supposed to do what he's saying when I, I can't understand. So I've said, you know, I am so sorry, but I'm having a really hard time understanding your accent. Could you please transfer me to somebody else? And they've always been very kind, be like, oh, sure. No, we understand that's fine. And then they'll transfer me to somebody and I can usually understand them better. But yeah, because it's pointless to listen to somebody, give instructions to do something when you can't understand what they're telling you to do. You know, and I know it gets frustrated and
Patient: I keep a, I had to keep asking him to repeat, you know, excuse me? Know, what did he say? Yeah. Yeah. So he probably got frustrated with me too because I couldn't understand him. It's like, hey, it's not my fault. Right. That's right. And I'm not fluid in all these different whatevers you, I thought he was doing well. Yeah. I don't know. But, but not for me. You are, honey. That's
Nurse: Right. That's right. I know. Oh, all right, [PHI-Personal]. Well, I will send this over and as soon as I hear back from doctor [PHI-Personal], I will give you a call and let you know what the next steps are. Ok.
Patient: All right. Sounds good.
Nurse: All right. Have a Good afternoon. Yeah, thank you. Uh huh, bye
Patient: Bye.
