Nurse: Hello. Hello. Hi, this is [PHI-Personal]. One of the nurses. Can I help you?
Patient: Yes. Um, uh, this is [PHI-Personal]. Um, my, uh, family doctor is Doctor [PHI-Personal] and I had signed up for the, uh, care management and I have a question, of course, um, I, uh, was sick, uh, back in, at the beginning of February I had gotten COVID and, um, through the sickness I had lost a good bit of weight. Um, I lost like, 17 lbs, something like that and, um, I didn't think much of it. I mean, I'm still, I'm still at that, uh, lower weight and, um, I just went into a doctor, my sleep doctor and they took my BP and it, my BP was way down. So I came home and started taking my BP and it's like, uh, 1 11/61 or something like that. And it used to be, um, like 1 50/70 something like that. 74. But I'm just wondering, is, is, is that, that, uh, 1 11, is that too low?
Nurse: Um, it, that all depends on a number of factors, um, if you could give me two seconds. I'm, I'm still trying to get into your chart. You said your last name is [PHI-Personal]? Uh
Patient: No, it's [PHI-Personal] na, [PHI-Personal] as in Nancy, [PHI-Personal] as in Echo, [PHI-Personal] as in fox, [PHI-Personal] as in fox.
Nurse: Well, that explains why I can't get a hold of. Find you, [PHI-Personal]. There we go. Ok. Well, all right. I'm sorry, I have to pull up two charts here, so I wanna pull up your medication as well and see what you're on. Not have that memorized yet. You have to give me a couple more months for that one. All right. So you are not on anything for BP, which is good. Just like I
Patient: Am, I am. I do take BP medicine.
Nurse: Yeah, I just see the carvedilol which helps with the BP. Yeah, as well as um, controls heart rate. So, yeah, so the 1 11 isn't necessarily too low. It depends on a number of factors. Um, one of which would be, you know, how are you feeling when you get that number? Are you feeling lightheaded dizzy if you, you know, change positions quickly or if you're walking faster? How, how is that making you feel?
Patient: Um, well, right now I feel really good. I, I feel um, a lot better. I, when, whenever I was recovering from the COVID, um I had um, like a lot of like brain fog and dizziness and stuff, but that has really subsided. Um uh you know, as I continue my recovery, I mean, so I'm feeling really good right now so it doesn't seem like anything's uh wrong.
Nurse: Ok. So it sounds like you're, you're tolerating the 1 11/61 which is actually really good. Um uh For the goal is normally 1 20/80. Um, they're actually talking about lowering that normal down to like 1 15. Um So you were, I at what we would like you to be, you know, the 1 11 is a a little bit, you know, depending on what your body's used to, it can be a little bit low for some patients if you're used to running so high and then you drop suddenly to uh a lower number if you're running one for normally and then your body suddenly drops to 1 11. That shock, that significant decrease can cause some trouble but it is looking like it's ok right now. Um I would highly recommend just continuing doing what you're doing, taking that um BP at least once a day. Um If you start feeling dizzy, lightheaded, all check it then for us um you are coming up for an appointment with doctor [PHI-Personal] in May. So we'll go ahead and put this through and just let him know what's going on. Um You do have lab work fa it looks like fasting labs coming up at the end of next month. So [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Alright. Yep. Ok. That sounds good.
Nurse: The other thing I do wanna let you know is, um, dehydration. So, if you're not getting enough water or fluid that can also lower your BP too.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. No, I've, uh, I've been drinking a lot of water ever since I, uh, was sick. I've been drinking lots of water so I carry water with me all the time.
Nurse: Ok. Good. All right. Well, that doesn't sound like that's a contributing factor but coming into summer I always like to let people know. Ok.
Patient: Very good.
Nurse: All right. Well, how, while I have you on the phone, is it ok to check in on with your wife and see how she's doing?
Patient: Sure. Yeah. Yeah, she's right here.
Nurse: Hello. Hi, [PHI-Personal]. How are you? Oh, fine, thank you. Thank you. Oh, well and so what, and your, your, your, your name is what? K are you, [PHI-Personal]? I'm se ok. Alright. Hi. Yeah. Yeah, [PHI-Personal] our enrollment specialist and so she probably won't be reaching back out to you guys. You're stuck with me, so to speak. Oh, no, no, I'm just kidding. All right. Well, I think since I had your husband on the phone, I would give you just check in and see how you're doing too. Yeah, I'm doing well. Um, no complaints. Uh although my BP is not anywhere near as good as it. I'm, I'm border, I'm borderline the last time I visited uh, Doctor [PHI-Personal]. It's well, it's been up, it has been up and my cholesterol and triglycerides. I just looked at my chart the other day. Uh, my test results. It, they're, uh, borderline. So I need to be better at my, I guess my carbs. Is that what's causing the triglycerides? And that? Well, plus the family history as well. So, actually, um, fat, fat and cholesterol in, in the foods you're eating such as like eggs can be higher in cholesterol. Um, bacon sausage, red meats, all of that's higher in cholesterol. Mhm. Mhm. Um, and my triglycerides were really up too. So, yeah. And, yeah. Yeah, your glucose was 106. which the top number is 1 10. So, it looks like you should probably be focused on those carbs too. Yeah. I'm not, I, I know it's no fun but anyway, you know, us, um, I did have a question, um, there was on the chart, my globulin or whatever it was that, uh, it was marked as high globin or, I don't know how you pronounce it. Um, and my CO2 was high. Yeah. Hm. [PHI-Personal]. Let me go back and see, because the ones I'm looking at. Mhm. Aren't high. So, let's, oh, my g globulin. That's what it, it was low. Not high. It was low. So, that was one thing I wanted to ask about. Yeah. You, if you could just give me one second to pull that up and take a look at it. Ok. Sure, sure. The system's been a bit slow lately. All right. So it looks like it was just one point. Ok. Are you still there? Ok. Sorry. Um, the, sorry, the globulin, uh, 1.9 it looks like it was just 0.1 low because the lo the range is 2 to 3.4 with the rest of the GFR and the albumin and the total protein with all those being, uh within normal. Normally not too concerned about that. You know, if, if it continues to drop, we'll, we'll reach out to the doctor. Um, the CO2 was one point high. Were you having any shortness of breath or trouble breathing? No, but, um, I don't know, I had recovered uh, as well from, um, you know, COVID and I don't know if that would have affected it. Uh, I didn't get nearly as, as sick as, uh, you, as Tom did. So, um, I don't know, I, you know, I, I haven't been short of breath or anything. No. Ok. Yeah, it might just be the left over from that and that one was only one point high. It's 24 to 31 is the range and you're at 32. So it was just that one point high, you might have just been retaining a little bit of extra as, you know, your lungs might not have been functioning quite as optimal as they could have been, which, you know, you did just come off COVID. So that does make sense. Um What I wanna do, you know, kind of focus in on for you is try and get that BP down, you know, really go through, um, take a hard look at your diet. What I normally tell people to start with is cut is don't try to overhaul it all at once because it's a marathon, not a sprint. And by doing that, you can shock your system. You can, you know, just hate it and revert back. Um, so just focus on one thing. Um, if you're a snacker, change up your snacks, get rid of anything that's processed and salty. Like if you're snacking during the day, get rid of the, um, processed popcorn, go with an air pop. Um, if you are eating pretzels get low, no salt, whole wheat or whole grain, um, there's some really good like honey, honey oat ones, um, or try and substitute those with maybe some carrot sticks, you know, a little bit of ranch or something with those and they're still a little bit better for you. They still have that crunch but, you know, not the same. I know. Um, and then, and honestly try to see if there's a local bakery. Anything that's not as processed coming out of a bag is gonna be better for you even if it's, um, whole wheat because that's what I try and stick with whole wheat, even if it's processed it's still not as good. Well, whole wheat is still really good for you. Whole grain tends to be a little bit better for you because they still have. Yeah. Well, that's more I do try and get. Yeah. Yeah. Ok. Yeah. No, that's the whole grain is, is definitely better. Um, I was ring more towards like the snacks. I know, um, some place, some bakeries make their own pretzels, some ba, like, uh, anything that doesn't have to have as much preservatives in it is gonna be better for you. Um, the other place to consider is what are you drinking? Well, I've been drinking a lot. I drink, um, in the mornings and, and early afternoon I drink a good bit of coffee with nothing in it and then water is, is my choice of, you know, and I do carry water around too. Uh, both of us do. So I've been drinking more water lately and, uh, probably a little bit more coffee though too because I was low energy there for a while. So I fully understand that and, um, I'm not gonna knock the coffee. I was more worried about normally when I ask patients they like, oh, well, I'm drinking the soda with lunch and with dinner and my juice and all of those have a significantly high level of salt in them. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I don't, I don't, I prefer water over, uh, water and coffee over anything else. So, um, uh, that's one area that I am being good at. So. All right. All right. All right. And are you checking the food labels at all when you're eating things, you know, soups, cold cuts, pizzas, all of those have high levels of salt in it. So it'd be good to just check and keep in the back of your head. So the salt is something that I do need to be careful with. Now, I do, um, you know, make a mix of, um, almonds and, you know, regular, uh, peanuts and stuff and try and get, I know I haven't been buying the low salt lately though. So, so, so, uh, restrict my salt. I don't put a lot in my cooking, but I do eat a lot of those nuts and, you know, I figure, yeah, the salt is overriding the good. I don't know. But anyway, II, I like to snack. Yeah, it's a catch 22 because you do have the high BP and one of the things that's it that does raise BP and it also helps you retain water if you're noticing any swelling or anything. And coming in the summer, um, tends to be more when people see it, that salt is gonna help you retain water and it's also gonna raise your BP because that's the first thing we always tell people because, um, that was one thing he was gonna recheck at your next appointment is what's your BP and getting, cutting that salt from the diet and changing up that diet generally is able to lower it. Um, uh, hopefully it'll be lowered enough that you wouldn't need any medication changes. I know you're on the Lisinopril 20 mgs, right. Um, so hopefully just those changes will help that medication work well. Ok. Um, and I do have one other question, uh, two visits ago maybe. Um, uh, Doctor [PHI-Personal] had recommended, uh, Prolia. I think that's how you pronounce it. I had, uh, been on Fosamax, um, for maybe 4 to 6 months and, um, had a reaction. I, I was limping, my right hip was clicking and I got off of that and I'm taking twice a day calcium and he suggested is, is that the shot that I am I remembering correctly? Prolia, is that right? Prolia is another shot for, uh, osteoporosis. Right. Exactly. And I am very hesitant. I don't want to get stuck with a shot and then have to live through the reaction that, that, you know, the Fosamax I was taking orally and I'm just hesitant. Um, I, you know, I don't know, I mean, is there anything else I can do? I know that, you know, um, exercising is good and, you know, um, I don't know. I'm just, I am just [PHI-Personal] of getting stuck up. Is that Prolia once a ma year or once every six months? I believe it's once every six months. Is it? I was trying to look, I'm looking back in his note now to see, I forgot to repeat it specifically. He was working. Yeah, I'm not seeing it. Um, but yeah, generally they're, every six months. Um, you're already taking the vitamin D and the calcium, which is recommended. Um, exercise is gonna be important with that too. Walking and doing some just, um, like light weight lifting, you know, with the twos, three pounders. Um, gardening is really good for that, you know, just getting, doing the exercise, staying away from alcohol and sodas. Those actually help pull calcium out of your bones are all gonna be important. I'm not hearing, I, I'm going back into the [PHI-Personal] note here to see. Yeah, it might have been that appoint maybe even the appointment because I just kind of avoided it the last time I visited. Actually III I forgot about it until I got home. Hm. I'm not even seeing it. It might have been something he, he spoke with you about and he didn't put in his note. Ok. Or it could have gone back further and not all of those, uh, records have, uh, transferred over. So, yeah, I only have up until [PHI-Personal] that has transferred over. So that's all I got. But, um, I mean, I, I'm completely with you. Um, I don't know, let me see if I can find when your last Dexa Dexa scan was you, do you know off the top of your head if you've had one of those recently. Yeah. Well, I think it was after that, that he suggested the shots, um, and I, I think it was the nurse that called and, and recommended them. I didn't talk with him directly. Um, excuse me. Um, I'm trying to think it, it's within the last two years I could probably pull that up if I can get into my, um, that was through Mabo. Was that? No, it wasn't through Moana Bottom. It was through up MC. I think I had to. Yeah, I'm pretty sure that's, yeah, that's probably why I don't have it. Well, I, I think it was one on the bottom now that I think about it because I think they wanted, I, I found it, I found it. Oh, good. They hit it. Yeah, they hit it in a different section of the chart. Ok. Ok. Still, still figuring out where they, they put the things in these charts. Mm. Can't you? Yeah, it was probably after this one back. 11, 2 of 2021 is when this was ok. So when, after that I got a phone call and, yeah. Ok. Well, wasn't that wasn't that far back? Ok. Well, I didn't know if there was anything more. I mean, the, the exercise certainly. And I, I do need to focus more on that. Um, I'm not real good about that right now. Have it been? But, um, yeah, Ok. Well, they, I'm taking the calcium supplements, uh, twice a day. I take a pill in the morning and then one in the evening. Um, but I don't know. Ok. And that's what I'm reading here. It said the recommendations according to the National Osteoporosis Foundation, um, they want at least 1200 mg of calcium, um, vitamin D, regular weight bearing exercises, smoking cessation and limit the alcohol intake is what's shown up as the recommended for this because you did show up was showing some signs of osteoporosis. Mhm. Yeah. So 1200 I'm trying to, um, I'm, I don't know what my dosage is. Um, I'll go check but, um, and yours is the citracal. It just, it doesn't tell me the dose, it just says citracal two by mouth every day. Yeah. And it just says on the bottle. Um, let's see, the calcium, there's the calories. Calcium is 650 mg or 50% of the daily value. So, um, is that, that's pretty much within the range? So that would be, yeah, that would be ok. Yeah. Yep. You're right at that. So, yeah. Ok. I just don't want to, my mother developed that hump in her but I don't want to get, I was like, oh, no, is my home growing? I don't know. But anyway, um, sorry. No, I fully understand that I get sidetracked here. But, ok, I'm just trying to think if there was anything else I do know that. Uh, well, I've got more issues than my husband. Oh, that's nice. It's usually, well, it's always a trade off. You know, both. You both can't be sick at the same time. So, someone's got to be healthier than the other. Right. Hey, I lost weight too. Why didn't my BP go down? I didn't lose as much. I only lost about even because men, always, men can think about losing weight and lose weight. Oh, that's not right. Well, I am close to, yeah, to what I should be. So, that was good. Not a bad thing. So, yeah, it's, it's very determined on, you know, hormones play, play a fun role in those too. Mhm. So, well, I don't know. Yeah. I don't know if I've got a lot of those because I had a total hysterectomy a good many years ago. So, I don't know if I have too many. Maybe that's more can that, could that affect it? My, uh, um, the bone loss? I don't know. Could that, I mean, there is such thing as postmenopausal osteoporosis. Um, but I don't see, have they checked your, that would norm, they would normally check your hormones and everything through your, um, gyn. Mhm. And it's really off. But, yeah. Yeah, I just, my, I, well, I haven't been going, um, well, I didn't go this year because there's no need to, uh, I was taking, um, you know, uh, a hormone, um, insert that, you know, um, vaginal insert. But, um, I stopped doing that and really, I, there's no need, they said if I don't have a cervix, they need to go back to the gynecologist. So I didn't make an appointment this winter. So anyway, I do have, yeah, I'm sorry, go ahead. I was just gonna say that makes perfect sense. Um, if you're not having any real symptoms or anything. And, um, then I would say you're probably normally in within levels. Um Now, if you start having hot flashes, fatigue, you know, anything like that, um then they probably check your thyroid and check your hormones off of that. But yeah, so you are coming up with some fasting lab work here in [PHI-Personal]. Right. Right now I did just this week get a letter from uh digestive disease and they say I'm due for um a colonoscopy Joy Joy. Ok. So I'll have to make an appointment for that. Uh Did um did you get my records for that? Because when I talked with Doctor [PHI-Personal] the last time, um he said that they've been getting um no results from their requests for my um my history with digestive, you know, my, my previous uh test with digestive disease. So um anyway, yeah, I mean, I don't know if you wanted to make a note of that, that I'm having another uh colonoscopy or not, but I think they um I have a colonoscopy report in here from [PHI-Personal]. 0, ok. Well, then they did, uh, did forward the records. Yeah, it looks like it was put in not too long ago. Right. Good. Good, good. Ok. All right. I think that covers everything. Yeah. And, and when are you having that colonoscopy? I'll, I'll just make a note of it for him or you didn't make it yet. No. No. Uh, but I will, yeah, I just got, I just got the letter yesterday but I am. Yeah I'm just not looking forward to it but I don't think anybody I'm sure they don't, I'm sure they don't and and my husband said uh well if you got a letter that means I'm probably going to get one soon too so. Oh but anyway. Ok. Misery loves company. Yes. Oh, that's right. That's right. All right. Look. Mhm. It's only there. I want both of you to be checking your blood pressures at least for give me a good solid week. Alright, I can give that to you now because I've been doing that. Ok, I've been doing that ever since um let me pull it up ever since. Um. Oh well you know I was in for um a knee situation um I my arthritic knee and it was really killing me and I didn't really realize it was arthritis and my BP in the office was really high. Ok. Now which one is the most important the top or the bottom. Um, normally the top number is the most important unless that top, unless that bottom number is running high as well. Ok. All right. And in fact, I just researched this today on Saturday, [PHI-Personal]. I don't know if you wanna record these. Um, it was about 7 30 in the, ok, 11 30 in the morning, it was 1 40/83. Then on the [PHI-Personal], a couple of days later at two o'clock in the afternoon it was 1 32/81 the next day on Wednesday at 11 30 am I going too fast? No, you're good. Ok. Um, it was 1 30/82. Um, on the [PHI-Personal]. Yeah, on the [PHI-Personal] Sunday the [PHI-Personal] at 6 p.m. it was 1 56/93 and a couple of minutes later I took it again because that kind of freaked me 1 41/84. Then on the [PHI-Personal], um, at three o'clock in the afternoon, it was 1 27/79. Then on Wednesday the [PHI-Personal], I don't have the time written down it. I took it twice. 1 44/96. That kind of freaked me the 96 and then I took it again a couple, couple minutes later, 1 43/92. And then I only have four more days. Um, the [PHI-Personal] of, um, of [PHI-Personal] at 3 45 in the afternoon, I took it twice, 1 39/80 [PHI-Account]. And then on Saturday, the 26 at 4 30 in the afternoon, it was 1 29/76. And then a couple of minutes later, it was 1 22/75. And then Monday, which would have been yesterday, 7 30 in the morning, it was 1 38/81 and today at 10 a.m. it was 1 37/86 and then a few minutes later it was 1 41/84. Oh, yeah, you're still running a little on the higher side, especially that 1 44. Over 96. Yeah, that had me. Yeah. And I don't, I don't know why I didn't write down the time. I think later. I, well, you know, until like my Lisinopril kicks in sometimes it's higher in the morning. So I don't know what time that was. I'm just, yeah, I, I don't know why I didn't write that down. Maybe because I was freaked out about the 96. I don't know. But anyway, all right, I've been a good girl, I've been taking so you have to record your BP too. He has been ok right now. So, yeah, I mean, we want to, technically high BP is considered one, anything over 1 40/90. So you have a few in there. You are creeping up there. So, um, since you're on the Lisinopril, I think, let's just, let's take a hard look at that diet and I'll send you out some, um, some pamphlets and some kind of cheat sheets on snacks and salt so that you can have kind of a rough framework to go off of and just keep it in mind when you're reaching for a snack. That seems to be helpful too. It's just to be actively thinking about it. Ok. Ok. All right. You, and if your husband's BP gets any lower and he starts feeling lightheaded or dizzy or anything like that, give us a call. Ok. I'll do that. All right. I mean, he seems out you haven't been light headed. Have you to him? Not really. No. I mean, that's amazing that it's that low and he hasn't been so. Ok. Well, good. Yeah, that means he, I mean, he's functioning fantastically right now. Mhm. Absolutely. So, weight loss is really good for him. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, not the way he had, he had to go about getting, well, you had started losing weight a little bit before you, you were trying to, you know? Oh, yeah. That's right. Because the fatty [PHI-Personal]. Did you talk about that? No. No. Well, maybe that's the next, since you're feeling so good. Yeah. One of where, who was it that said you had a fatty
Patient: [PHI-Personal], uh, with doctor,
Nurse: With his, his, uh, he, the last ct scan, um, indicated a fatty liver. So I had printed off all kinds of stuff, you know, how to, um, you know, um, address that. So, um, I don't know if we can, I don't know, losing weight was one of them, wasn't it? Yeah, that was why he, yeah, why he, uh, yeah, that was the biggest thing and that's why he, uh, started trying to lose weight. Yeah, perfect. I mean, losing extra weight is always a good thing. If you're overweight, that's going to be the best thing for your knees, your back, your whole digestive system, your immune system, believe it or not, your cardiovascular, your pulmonary. Yeah. Everything improves when you get rid of that extra weight. That's interesting. Your immune system is, uh, uh, that's interesting. Improves when you lose weight. That's interesting. Well, which would make sense because, yeah, that makes sense. Yeah, when I think about it. But anyway. All right. Ok. Right. So I will get that out in the mail for you. Um, it looks like you aren't due for a follow up here until September. But if anything changes, give us a call, if those numbers still keep creeping up, um, you know, I'm gonna, I'm gonna put this in the chart, uh, for doctor Jumper to see, but if something changes and those numbers start creeping up, he might wanna see you in sooner. We'll see what he says. Ok. And don't hesitate to give us a call if anything changes. Thank you so much. All right, you have a good, uh, afternoon. Ok, you too. Uh huh, bye bye bye bye.
