Nurse: [PHI-Geographic]. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi. It's [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Hey, how are you doing?
Patient: Yes. Well, pretty good. I was going to say just fine, but I ran into a couple of problems. So.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah. Yeah, I saw that you had a fall.
Patient: Yeah.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: And my leg, ah, I, I, at the airport on the [PHI-Personal] I had to walk from one end to the other and then they changed my git two different times. So I'm lumping quite a bit right now. I just now got, um, uh, yeah, what's it called? Me craving is a zo alone?
Nurse: Ok. Ok. Yeah.
Patient: So I just got that, uh, hopefully it'll help with the pain so I can walk better.
Nurse: Yeah. Ok. So, let's see here. Hm. Looking for that. And so that did, did that come from Doctor [PHI-Personal]?
Patient: No, it was o IP, um, [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Ok. Ok. And
Patient: I got to the point I couldn't even put weight on my right leg.
Nurse: Ok. Got it. And which leg was this? You said this is your
Patient: Right
Nurse: Knee? Ok. Do, when did you start that medication?
Patient: I haven't started it yet. I just picked it up. I
Nurse: Just picked it up. Ok. And when did you see Doctor [PHI-Personal] yesterday? Ok. Got it. I will reach out to her office and get that chart note. Sometimes it takes about a day or two to get notes from their office. Um, just, you know, typical time frame. Um, so,
Patient: Um, they also took, um, ultrasound over at [PHI-Geographic] just to make sure I didn't have, uh, deep vein thrombosis because I, between being on the airplane and walking. But I really think I just, it, it's like I over stretched it from walking. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. Ok. And, um, so, um, did they get the results of the ultrasound? Did you know, did they get that right away? Uh,
Patient: Well, they said, told me they'd be sending you a report but there was a note on there saying if they didn't find anything, they would send me home if they found something, they were gonna keep me.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. So I'm gonna assume they did not see any.
Patient: And so I think they didn't find anything. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. Good. I'm glad. Um, ok. So, you know, you could always, you know, alternate using a heating pad and an ice pack, you know, if there's any inflammation in there, the ice pack may feel better than that heating pad. Um, and then, um, you know, if your pain doesn't improve, I'd say within, you know, a week of taking this medication from Doctor [PHI-Personal], I would suggest following up either with Doctor [PHI-Personal] or you can, you know, you can always come into our office. Um, and if we need to do any further imaging, um like an x-ray or anything, you know, we can do that as well. Um, well,
Patient: Actually this thing hold started back in [PHI-Personal]. Mhm. And they did X rays then and they said it was arthritis.
Nurse: Ok. So they don't think it's from this fall.
Patient: No. No. So, it, it, it had, I went through physical therapy and everything and it was finally getting better and, uh, I took my grandson to the pool so I did my exercises in the pool. So that worked out pretty good. Um, just, um, you know, it would, I would have spells where, you know, it would bother me quite a bit and I'd wear the brace usually. Ok. But, uh, I've been doing, I went out to [PHI-Geographic] for my nephew's wedding and it worked out pretty good up until I got home again and then it was, it was miserable. I mean, [PHI-Personal] had to help me up and down the stairs and, uh, everything. That's how bad it was. Yeah. Now, today it's, it's, it's not nearly as bad as it was. Now, if I go to bend my leg or, you know, like lifting it up out of the bathtub or, uh, like I was just at the pharmacy for, so, just the walk to the back of the pharmacy. And back, you know, was enough to irritate it again. Mhm. So,
Nurse: Ok. Um, any swelling
Patient: Doesn't, ok, there is, I can't tell there might be a little bit. Ok. I notice that my ankles are swollen. I've noticed that. Mhm. Ok. So, I think I might be retaining some water.
Nurse: Yeah. And, and so that may happen, you know, you had, you traveled, you know, um, you know, being on the airplane can cause a little bit of swelling. Um, you know, same with your diet. You know, if, if you've been on a low salt diet and then, you know, going to the wedding, you know, any of the foods there, if it had extra salt or cook with salt and such, you may see a little bit of increase in your BP, a little bit of swelling. Um, the swelling that we would be concerned with is, you know, if the tops of your feet and your ankles get really puffy, you know, like if you push on them and you can see an indent, um, even, you know, small indent from where you're pushing, um, or a high BP because then that would show us that you're definitely retaining fluid. Um, and same with your weight, you know, if you start to have this swelling and you check your daily weight and you have a two lb or more weight gain overnight, then, you know, you're definitely retaining some fluid. And, and so, yeah, I
Patient: Think I definitely am. Yeah, I just pressed on my foot and it did leave a print.
Nurse: It did. Ok. Um, let me look here and same with the steroid. Sometimes the steroid can, you know, elevate your BP, it can elevate blood sugars. Um, it can do all sorts of things. Um, let's see. I was just gonna look to see if you had swelling at your last visit. The last one was your, your yearly exam. Um, mm. It doesn't look like you had any swelling.
Patient: No, I'm up to 100 and 88 lbs now. So, I've, I've put on quite a bit of weight. Mhm.
Nurse: And so is that from, say your diet or, you know, having this pain and not being able to exercise as often or go for walks?
Patient: I think it's a combination of everything because, ok, after I got over COVID, yeah, I just wanted to eat, it didn't matter what it was. I just wanted to eat. Of course, I don't have any.
Nurse: Yeah. Did you have a poor appetite or?
Patient: Yeah, I don't have any, uh, self will to stay away from food. I wanna, I wanna eat junk. Yeah. And I don't have that probably is part of it. Mhm.
Nurse: Mhm. Well, you know, just monitoring your diet, you know, everything is ok in moderation. That's what I tell my patients is, you know, if there's certain things that you like to eat, you know, whether that's bread, pasta, rice, potatoes, which, you know, those are your carbohydrates and your starches, which will turn into sugars or, you know, refined sugars. So if you like desserts, like cakes or cookies, ice cream, you know, have like a scoop of ice cream at bedtime every couple of days, you know, and, and in between that have something that's more like fruit based like a low, low carb, low sugar um popsicle like fruit popsicle or something. Um You know, and there's as long as you're, you're reading your food labels and looking at the carbohydrate um percentage or, you know, content of it. Um Look for no added sugar, no added salt, heart healthy. Um you know, so that will help keep your sugars down or excuse me and, and your BP, you know, because that added sodium or the preservatives in food, you know, canned foods and packaged foods can affect your BP. So, and it's a lot, you know, going from, you know, having chronic pain and then COVID, it's hard because you, you know, your body is still trying to bounce back and, and recover from COVID. So, you know, you're not eating as well when you're, you're not feeling as well and now you are. So it's like, oh gosh, like I missed out on this, this and this and that's all I want to eat. So, you know, I understand but, you know, just little things here and there, you know, going for walks, whether it's just an extra 10 minutes a day, you know, that extra 10 minutes definitely adds up to help his BP and such.
Patient: I don't think I could do 10 minutes a day right now.
Nurse: Yeah. Uh, and, um, what about physical therapy?
Patient: I'm, I slacked off. I'm going to have to start doing it again. Ok.
Nurse: Yeah. And, you know, there's no rush, you know, 10 minutes a day is ideal. But if you can only do two minutes of an exci of an exercise, you know, five times a day, so when you wake up in the morning, do two minutes of stretching and then, you know, sometime between breakfast and lunch, do another, you know, two minutes of stretching or, you know, any exercise that isn't too difficult or too much for your pain. You know, you don't wanna overdo it, but you can always break that 10 minutes up into, you know, a couple of minutes here and there throughout the day. Um, so that may, that may help as well, you know, so you don't have too much pain, you know, walking 10 minutes versus, you know, these short little increments
Patient: Because I can do like the side steps and the slinging of my leg back and forth. I can't do the climbing of the steps right now though. Mhm. At least the side steps and stuff I can do. Mhm.
Nurse: Yeah. So, just doing, you know, just a couple minutes or just a couple stretches here and there and it can be while you're, you know, you're sitting down watching TV, or movies, reading the newspaper, um, you know, you kind of extend or straighten your toes out so they're straight ahead of you and then point them up to the ceiling. So, you know, flexing and extending and just, you know, using those muscles and warming them up that way. Um, and same with your knees, you know, flexing, extending a little light weights exercises, you know, soup cans, even just that extra couple, you know, extra one lb of added weight to, you know, weight lifting with your arms, you know, and such so little things here and there, you know, it all adds up. So,
Patient: Yes, I gotta start behaving. Yes.
Nurse: Yes. And you'll get there, you know, it just takes some time and, you know, and as long as you feel good that's what's important, you know, taking, taking your time is, is, that's ok. There's no rush. Uh, and we don't want further pain, you know, we don't want to make that pain worse. So. Mhm. All right. So, um, I will make sure that doctor [PHI-Personal] gets that, um, that note from O IP, um, same with the, the results from the ultrasound, but it sounds like they didn't find anything. Um, yeah, but if anything changes, you know, your next appointment is [PHI-Personal] at 8 15, but if anything changes between now and then, you know. Definitely give me a call and we can get you um scheduled to see Doctor [PHI-Personal]. Ok. All right. Well, do you have any questions today?
Patient: I don't think so.
Nurse: Ok. All right. Well, if you need anything, let me know. All
Patient: Right, thank you for calling. You're
Nurse: Very welcome. You have a great day. You too. Thank you. Bye bye.
