Nurse: Good afternoon. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Yes. Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal] returning your call. Hi, how are you? Good. I was at the dentist office getting my permanent crown put on before I had broken a tooth off.
Nurse: Oh, fun.
Patient: Yeah. Well, that was nothing today. I mean, they just pulled the old, the temporary one off and glue the new one in. But the first time I went I was there a couple of hours they had to prepare the thing and put the temporary one on and everything. So. Oh, goodness,
Nurse: Goodness. Well, how have you been this last month?
Patient: Well, I've, I've been great. I mean, there's really, um, I can't believe that a month [PHI-Personal] has gone by already. I, I just don't know where the time goes anymore. It's just, it's just gone. I know. Huh? So, I mean, really, um, I have an appointment in August to see Doctor [PHI-Personal] and I did have my blood work done like, two months after I had finished the, the iron infusions and my hemoglobin is back up to normal. Uh, 13.7. So, um, I'm at this point I'm normal. I hope it doesn't happen. Again, if it does, I guess I'm gonna be referred to a hematologist. I had told you that before. So. Yeah. Yeah. Hope it doesn't happen again. But, I mean, I'm, oh, he did reduce my iron to, uh, twice a week, so I'm taking it like Monday and Friday. But other than that, there's no changes in my medicines or anything. So.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. And still been, still been able to do your normal activities, going for your walks and walking
Patient: And exercise or using the, uh, stationary bike and, uh, going out to eat a lot with friends and, um, uh, well, the, uh, concerts and musical things have kind of slacked off now for the summer, but there are some in the area that I'm going to and, uh, yeah, so, I'm, I'm back to normal walking up the hills and everything so good. What's the weather like out where now you're in, um, uh, Minne, [PHI-Geographic]
Nurse: Or in [PHI-Geographic]?
Patient: [PHI-Personal]? I don't know why. I think, keep thinking [PHI-Geographic], how, what's the weather doing out where you're at?
Nurse: Well, today is really warm, um, like upper [PHI-Personal], nineties. Um, yeah. Yeah. So, and you can tell that if, you know, if there's not much of a breeze, it kind of gets a little stuffy but it's,
Patient: It's humid here too and, and Sunday was just terrible, you know, we're getting the smoke, uh, and the haze from the fires in [PHI-Geographic] in [PHI-Geographic]. Ah, and on Sunday I could actually smell the smoke. Oh, yeah. And so today it's, it's humid and it's in the upper [PHI-Personal] here. But I don't know whether part of the haze is still from the fires or not. It's very hazy. I mean, I can see, I know you if you don't live here but there's, um, from my balcony, I can see the [PHI-Geographic] of the, um, uh, the [PHI-Geographic] and I can see the mountain but it's um hazy, very hazy. And when that smoke was here uh on Sunday, you, you could not see a thing not at. Oh, so yeah, it was, it was bad. It was bad. In fact, my theme says about 90 right now. So I've been actually last night I took my walk in the evening, about 8 30. I have a uh like a vest with a fluorescent strips on it and uh that I wear after dark. So I'll probably do that tonight again. Although you, you don't really see the sun out that bright now. So, I don't know. It's crazy, crazy, crazy.
Nurse: It is. It is those, those uh those wildfires up, up, up north has, have definitely taken a toll on. It. Seems like everybody, I mean,
Patient: I know somebody um I didn't talk to her personally but a friend told me about it, but I, I do know this lady, she has some respiratory problems and she was hospitalized for three days during the first of this, uh, episode business with the fire she couldn't breathe.
Nurse: Oh, no.
Patient: Yeah. So, I mean, it can, it can happen. I mean, they told people to stay indoors if they had respiratory problems. So, um, I'm assuming she did but she still, still ended up, well, whatever. I, because I haven't talked to her. I just heard that from somebody else. But it isn't funny. Well, how, like, I don't really know anything about [PHI-Geographic] except for a couple city. But does it get hot and humid out there in the summer? Just like here?
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. Usually, usually by, actually I'm kind of surprised that we haven't, um, ended up with our hot and humid streak yet. Um, you know, the temperatures are, are up in the, you know, the, the higher [PHI-Personal] and, and, uh, lower nineties. But, you know, as far as weather, what, like, the humidity wise, the humidity is not, not too bad. Um, and usually around this time of the year is when we really start to get that, um, heat and humidity and we really start to, you know, people are like, I'm not gonna be outside during, you know, those, those peak hours. We
Patient: Got the same kind of weather we do here.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, essentially it, yeah. Yeah. It doesn't seem too far, too far off. I know. Um, yeah, it's just, it's, it, it's just crazy, you know, summer time seems to be, um, hit or miss around here sometimes the, the temperatures are really, you know, seasonable and, and really good and, and you can be outside other times. It's like the [PHI-Geographic] desert and you better stay inside, you know, I don't know, it just kind of varies, I guess. Just thought
Patient: Because I know. Does your state border [PHI-Geographic]. Yes. Oh, ok. Because I know some, uh, a lady that lives in [PHI-Geographic] and their summers generally, well, I guess, generally are a little bit cooler than around here. So I guess I just assumed that for where you live, but I guess that's not true.
Nurse: Yeah, I'm about, about central, pretty much central portion of [PHI-Personal]. Um, a little to the west but, I mean, generally, um, we, and it varies, uh, from year to year but I know the last couple of years have been pretty, pretty darn darn hot and we've had, you know, like those heat index warnings and things like that. Um, I'm hoping that's not gonna happen this summer but if it does, it does, I guess, you know, what do you do? We can do about
Patient: It but complain. But, I mean, they say that this global warming business and, I mean, I, I'm not getting into that but it very well could be. Well, do you have any, what's the closest city that I would be familiar with where you live?
Nurse: Well, so some of the bigger cities that are close by me, um, probably within like an hour or two would be like, uh, Des Moines, [PHI-Personal]. That's, that's the, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And then, um, Omaha Nebraska is, yeah, we're about, about, I'm about smack dab in the middle between those two. yeah. So it's, it's definitely, um, you know, there's not a lot of excitement out this way, really. There's not,
Patient: Well, um, I was gonna ask you something else. There's no mountains or anything where you, is it flat or hilly or what?
Nurse: So, where I live is mostly flat. Um, there is a, um, we have some mountains that are called, well, they're not mountains but they're hills, I guess. Um, called the Less Hills that are about, probably an hour from me roughly. Um, and, and there's really, other than that there's really not, uh, really any mountains or anything and it's pretty, yeah. Pretty gen, pretty flat. Yeah. Not too exciting. What
Patient: Are the crops, other farms?
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, lots of farms, dairy
Patient: Farms or what kind of crops do they
Nurse: Grow? Um, mostly corn and soy beans. Um, and you know, a lot of people, a lot of the farmers will do hay because they have cattle and horses and, you know, things like that. But, yeah, definitely a lot of, um, a lot of farm ground around here and, and very, um, open in that aspect. Lots of, lots of farms.
Patient: Yeah. And is, is it a, a danger of tornadoes where you live?
Nurse: It can be, can be, um, not, we have not since I have been alive. Um, and that I have not ever actually witnessed a tornado. Um, I mean, we've had tornado warnings and we have something called, uh, a couple of years ago. I had never heard of that in my entire life until we had one. So basically the way that it was explained to me is that you end up with like the hurricane type force winds. Um, no tornado that ever really touches the ground. It's basically hurricane force winds with, um, rain. And, um, you know, that's, uh, really, what was it? When was that? Um, still has, you know, pretty close damage to, you know, to what a tornado could do. Um, and it's, it's, uh, that was a couple of years ago and I remember, um, it coming and it, and it kind of scared, scared me a little bit because, um, at the time I was home with my kids and I was doing something in the house and it was, you know, bright and sunny one minute, the next minute it was like pitch black outside. Um, yeah, and then all of a sudden the wind picks up and, you know, there was no, no tornado warning, no nothing. Um, you know, so we all went downstairs and I was trying to get all the pets downstairs, which that was impossible. Um, but it was,
Patient: It was, do you have dog?
Nurse: I have a dog and two cats and, um, the dog would not go down the steps. She just, I was, like, fine, whatever you stay up here then I'm, I'm not, I don't have time for you, you know, like I was not gonna get hit in the head with anything, you know. But we didn't have really any damage except for some tree limbs down. But, oh, my goodness. It was, it was probably one of the scariest things I had ever, ever experienced just
Patient: Being by yourself with, with the Children and everything.
Nurse: Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Thankfully there was limited damage. But, man,
Patient: But you had a lot of rain.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, it was, yeah, rain came down pretty, pretty hard and, I mean, it was like, it was twisted in, it was almost like it was, it was, the wind was so blowing so hard that it was pretty well making the, uh, rain go straight, like, straight across, like, almost horizontal, which was, was like,
Patient: I think they call that, like, straight line wind or something. The.
Nurse: Yes. Yes. Yeah. No problem. Yeah, definitely. I've been
Patient: To, maybe I asked you before. But have you ever been to Pennsylvania here?
Nurse: Um, so a long, probably about six years, 67 years ago, maybe longer than that. Um, I was to, uh, Scranton, Pennsylvania to visit a friend of mine. Um, but that is about as about as far into Pennsylvania that I've, I've ever been so what
Patient: Was the name of the place
Nurse: Did you say? Um, Scranton, Pennsylvania.
Patient: Oh, ok. It sounded like to me like you said spring and I thought I never heard of that town. Oh, sure. Well, Scranton is probably about, oh, I'm just guessing it probably would take about an hour and a half to get there from where I live. So, so it isn't that far. We call Scranton in the coal regions. You know what I mean? It was settled as a, as a mining city.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. Got you. Mhm. Yeah. More
Patient: In eastern, I think it's more northeastern Pennsylvania because we're, we're almost, I got, when I told people where, like, we lived about, uh, 50 miles north of [PHI-Geographic], but almost, like, right in the center of the state.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. Yeah. Yeah. Just, yeah, definitely. That's a, and, uh, is there like where you live there? Is there lots, I know you had mentioned mountains. Is there lots of mountains?
Patient: Well, you know, they're not like the, the rocky mountains or anything like that but they're, it's called Ball Eagle Mountain. And it's part, uh, it's across the sway in the river and it's part of the, all any range. So, I mean, except for that and I don't know what the elevation is. I mean, maybe 1500 ft. I mean, you know, like I said, it's not like, like a regular mountain mountain but, I mean, there's lots of hills. Uh, you know, like rolling hills but as far as a mountain mountain, no, that's, that's it.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. Got you. Yeah. Just trying to kind of get, you know, get acclimated with, with that area. Definitely have learned, I mean, I definitely have learned, learned a lot. Um, you know,
Patient: Because normally we don't have tornadoes but like, like you, there have been tornadoes that, that touch down and, and, oh, it's probably maybe been 20 or more. Uh, uh, you know, a long, long time ago I was married though. But, um, uh, not too far from here. A tornado went through and people died, people were killed and everything. It was, it was very tragic. But I know. Yeah. But normally we don't get, we get the hurricanes but, you know, in the wind and the rain but, um, not, not so much, um, tornadoes.
Nurse: Ok. Ok.
Patient: But it can, it can happen.
Nurse: Yeah, definitely. Never, can, never can, uh, put, uh, you know, never think that it's not going to happen is what my, my philosophy is.
Patient: Never say. Never.
Nurse: Exactly. Yes. One of those situations. Absolutely. Yes. Ok. Well, I just think
Patient: I was gonna say it was great talking to you. Do you need to know anything else or? Um, I mean, there really isn't any, anything physically, you know, to say, I don't know what, uh, this is, uh, a check up that I had scheduled a long, long time ago, I guess before. Um, you know, all this anemia thing started and then, um, I have my wellness exam. Well, you know, all this in, um, the end of [PHI-Personal] again. So know whether he'll wanna see me between August and [PHI-Personal]. Probably not unless something comes up again.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. Yes. And let's hope that nothing does. Let's hope things keep going, please, please,
Patient: Please. Yes. Yes.
Nurse: Absolutely. Yeah. Just keep praying, things will go, keep going in the right direction that they're going right now. Definitely. Yes. Yes, absolutely.
Patient: Well, he, he probably won't change. I doubt that he'll change anything like when I do go in August, but I'm I'm gonna follow up of course with the appointment and Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. Good deal. Yes. Yes, absolutely. And then I will just uh you know, check, check in on you in um next month and see how things are going and we'll just kind of go from there. Ok. Sounds good to me. All right. Well, it was good to talk to you. Good to
Patient: Talk to you too, [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Have a good have a good summer until I talk to you again.
Nurse: Sounds good. You too. Thank you. Thank you. Alright, bye
Patient: Bye now. Bye bye.
