Nurse: Hello. Hi, this is, this is calling.
Patient: Hi, Mr [PHI-Personal]. Um, this is [PHI-Personal]. I had called and I had called and left a message for you. Um, in regards to, um, there was a message that was in your, my chart from Doctor [PHI-Personal] in regards to some of the lab work you had done. And, um, I don't know, I was just trying to call and verify with you if you had, I don't know if you have reviewed it or not. So, um, I just wanted to call and touch bases with you in regards to it. Um, she, uh, the note says that, um, your A one C is stable and it's in a prediabetic range. Well, so that means it's a good, you know, your A one C is good. Um, she said your ps A level is elevated and that you should follow up with the urologist. Um, and she said your renal function is chronically chronically reduced and that you should follow up with your nephrologist. Are you seeing a nephrologist or a urologist right now?
Nurse: Uh, not yet. I, I'm planning on seeing was pretty soon.
Patient: Ok. Do you have appointments already? Scheduled with them,
Nurse: You know, I'm trying to get an appointment scheduled.
Patient: Ok. Is there a su a specific nephrologist, a urologist that you're seeing that you were trying to schedule the appointment with?
Nurse: No, I just go to the menu, go to the menu and see who has the, the best reviews.
Patient: Ok. Ok. So, yeah, you need to go ahead and try to schedule you get an appointment with a urologist and a nephrologist cause you need to see both. And, um, she said that I guess they did, she did, they did a BP medication change at your visit and just, you know, follow up with your cardiologist when you can. Um, and she said that your potassium level is elevated. And, um, so you need to like reduce the potassium in your diet. Uh, if you're taking like any potassium supplements or anything like that, um, or any vitamins or anything that has potassium in it, then you need to stop taking them.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: And then she needs, she wants to schedule you for a, another, uh, a B MP lab draw in four weeks. So this was this message she sent, I just realized, uh, when looking at your chart, she sent this message in your Mychart on [PHI-Personal]. So, um, I'm gonna see about scheduling you for an appointment or if you want, you can contact, um, their office to see about co contact their lab to see about scheduling you for that lab draw in four weeks? Ok. Ok. So, I don't know, like, do you need me to see about scheduling that appointment for you or can you, you know, call and set that up yourself?
Nurse: Uh, where is the, where is the lab located?
Patient: Um, they have a lab. I right there at, um, where did you have your labs drawn the last time you, that you had them done?
Nurse: Oh, the King.
Patient: Uh, was it at the Quest Lab on [PHI-Personal]?
Nurse: Yeah, I guess it about 15, I guess about 1500 block or 1600 blocks that
Patient: Area. Ok. Ok. So I'm gonna see about getting that. Um, I'll see about setting up that, uh, appointment for, for your lab and then, um, I'll give you a call because I know you normally have to set up your transportation. Correct? Yes. Ok. So I'll look and see what I can come up with as far as your lab appointment and then I will give you a call back, um, on first thing on Monday more on Monday. So I'll be expecting my call. I'm gonna call you Monday so that I can let you know what appointment time and what date and time that I came up with. So then you can go ahead and correlate that so you can go ahead and schedule your, uh, transportation. Ok.
Nurse: Ok. Uh What, what, what, what, what type of test are they going to be going to be doing. Uh,
Patient: It's just a lab. She just redoing your um A B MP lab. Draw, it's just, uh, it's just your, like, like uh, it checks like your sodium, your potassium, the chlor, your chloride, it checks the glucose in your um, the amount of glucose in your blood and um your creatinine level which shows like your kidney function.
Nurse: Oh, ok. Ok. Ok. Now what, two doctors you said I need to set up an appointment with you. Set up an appointment with,
Patient: Uh, you need to set, you need to see about scheduling an appointment with a urologist and a nephrologist, nephrologist. Yes, a nephrologist is like a kidney specialist because your kidney function, um, let me go back to her notes so I can read it to you. Yeah, your kidney function, your, um, she said your renal function is chronically reduced. So you need to set up an appointment with the nephrologist so that the nephrologist can, um, can start to, can follow you closely to monitor your kidneys and make sure, um, you know, to try to get them back on track.
Nurse: Ok. And, uh, a nephro nephrologist and a urologist.
Patient: Right. Yup, nephrologist, and a urologist. And if you have any trouble getting appointments scheduled for them, Mister Timothy, give me a call so I can help you get those lined up. Ok. All right. Thank you very much. All right, sweetie. You have a good day. All right, thanks. All right. You're welcome. Bye.
