Nurse: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you?
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal]. How are you doing? I'm
Nurse: Doing well.
Patient: I have a question. Yeah, on my CPAP machine. Um, he sent over two hubs. Apparently a prescription. Does it, does it matter like if I just get a machine that auto adjust?
Nurse: Um, I don't think so as long as you're going by the prescription and getting it, um, with the prescription at one of the durable medical equipment they will know which ones you can get and which ones you can't get. Um, yeah.
Patient: Yes, but here's, here's the situation. Ok. In order for me to get one for a replacement and cost me nothing. I had to call [PHI-Personal] and order one now they'll take a prescription. [PHI-Personal] would, I mean, if I didn't know I just ordered automatic one.
Nurse: Did he send a prescription in somewhere?
Patient: How did you one? He sent one over to Hubbs? Yes. Well, well, then I got this thing from Hubbs that said, well, they welcomed me to a new patient, which I've had a CPAP machine for freaking 15 years from over there. And it said about paying for this thing and I'm thought I'm thinking something ain't right. So I called and they said no, if it's a [PHI-Personal] replacement, you gotta call [PHI-Personal]. So this thing got sort of all screwed up. Ok.
Nurse: Was it just a replacement for the [PHI-Personal] one that was recalled? Yes. Ok. Then I would go through [PHI-Personal] through the hub. I would just, you know, say, go with what they said. If you got a bill, I call them and say, you know, um, I'm getting one through [PHI-Personal], but if [PHI-Personal] is not able to get you one right away a replacement, um, then I would try to go through Hubs. But if it's been longer than five years, usually your insurance will cover
Patient: It. Right. Well, well, I'm with, I don't know, I called, I called [PHI-Personal] and they're sending me one out, but I had a choice to get one by prescription or get one that just automatically adjust to what you need. So I just got the automatic adjust the one because I didn't need a prescription for that.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, that may, you can ask the people at Hubs that deal with the Sleep App machines, they probably would know better than I would. But as long as it adjusts to what you need and you don't feel like it's too strong or maybe you can self adjust. If you can self adjust, you can usually just take it into hubs and they can use your prescription information and put that information in your CPAP machine.
Patient: So you think, you think being that I didn't, well, I bought my first machine from them but being that I didn't get the second one from them, they're not gonna have a problem. Like when I get it to take it down there and ask him to help me with it.
Nurse: No, no, because it's a [PHI-Personal] recall situation and that's why you're getting it through [PHI-Personal]. And it's something that you already had one and [PHI-Personal] had to renew it because they had a recall information. And I would just tell them [PHI-Personal] sent me, uh, the replacement machine. This is what they sent me. Um, you know, and go from there.
Patient: All right, I was just curious. I don't, I don't know. I, I'll call down there again. I called there once to tell them to. I mean, I just got this letter on Friday, of course. So I couldn't do nothing Saturday and Sunday, but I called them and told them, I said what was going on. They said, no, you have to call for that. I said, well, I just wanted to call you and let you know. So you didn't order this machine, especially for me because I'm probably not gonna get that machine. She said there's no problem. Ok. So, but she has, she has, so I'm gonna call her back again, I guess and ask her if she would hold on to the prescription you, you sent over that and ask her if she cares when I get this machine, if I bring it down and see what she says.
Nurse: Yeah. And I'm sure they'll be ok with that. Um, I like that way better. The one I got for me after I had, um, mine wasn't recall but it was too strong and I had to quit using it. I just felt like it was drying my lungs out and um so um I'm I had to go through the whole new sleeping study, so
Patient: Yeah. All right. Well I'll call down there and ask them if they'll do that for me and see how yeah
Nurse: Those places, yeah, those places are usually pretty good about that unless you get somebody that's just. No I just had a bad day. Right. Right. That's the word I was looking for. Alrighty. Alright. Thank you.
Patient: You're very welcome. Thank you. Bye bye bye bye.
