Nurse: Care management. This is [PHI-Personal]. Can I help you?
Patient: Hi. Hi, this is [PHI-Personal]. Just returning. Hi, [PHI-Personal], how are you? Good. You good,
Nurse: Good. I was, I wasn't quite sure whose number I have. Um, if it was you directly or, or your dad directly?
Patient: Yeah, it's me.
Nurse: This is you. Ok. So, first of all, I have not been in touch with [PHI-Personal] since your mom passed away. I'm so, so sorry about that. My God. I, I kinda, I knew she was having problems that I was, I was shocked when I heard absolutely shocked. I, I was in close contact with her pretty much daily, um, until she went into the hospital. But, so how's your dad making out?
Patient: Good? Yeah, I'm getting along a lot better. Ok. Doing pretty good. He's got, uh, well, the last time we were at the doctor's office he had a sore on his ankle, which is, which is probably from the sugar that he has. Right. And they gave him some cream to put on it, which the cream, he just ran out of the cream yesterday. But we've gotta go to, uh, because he's got his appointment tomorrow morning at 10 40
Nurse: Tomorrow. Ok. Let me just pull and,
Patient: Uh, that is up
Nurse: Here so we'll process
Patient: Again tomorrow. It doesn't, I mean, it looks better than it did the day we were there, but I don't think it's ever gotten to a point where it was gonna heal up. Hm. It just, it, and the cream is kind of gone right now. So I'm sure they're gonna do something different or give him more cream to put on it. Ok. I don't know. It
Nurse: Have improved a little but never healed. Right.
Patient: Right. It's never healed. No. And I think he keeps picking at it also. Yeah,
Nurse: That could be. Ok. So I know he never was checking his sugars. Did that change at all? Does he checking them at home at all?
Patient: No. Ok. He's on, uh, I think I got him on something for,
Nurse: Yeah. The glipiZIDE. The pill. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Ok. So tell me what's the living situation for him now? Where is he? He
Patient: Is up in governor? Mhm. After apartment still?
Nurse: He's still at the same apartment.
Patient: Yes. Ok. And he's, like I said, I, after the, because he had the stroke in [PHI-Personal]. Mhm. Mhm. And he wasn't getting around that great. And then he was in the hospital a couple of different times and he was in the [PHI-Geographic] hospital but he's, he's improved a ton from since that time.
Nurse: Ok. As far as getting around.
Patient: Yeah. He gets around on his own, he does his own, all of his own, cooking his own cleaning. Wow. You know, he does a lot of stuff by himself and he's, and he wants to do it because he can do it. Right.
Nurse: Ok. So, yeah, and you're still like a while away from him. So, where you live, uh,
Patient: We live in but we go up there, I'm up there at least twice a week and checking on him and stuff and sometimes he's gone with the car to the grocery store or, you know, he goes, he goes around town up there and does his own shopping.
Nurse: Oh, wow. So he is driving?
Patient: Yeah. Mhm.
Nurse: Yeah. Good for him. I'm glad to hear that. Ok.
Patient: Yeah, he's doing and he gained, I don't know what he weighed the last time he was there. Yeah,
Nurse: He was [PHI-Account] [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. Yeah. He
Patient: Told me, well, if his scales are right anyways, I don't know if they really are or not. He told me the other day. Oh, father's Day. I was up there. He told me that, uh, he weighed 100 and 91 lbs. Wow. I'm like Jesus. Yeah. Yeah. So,
Nurse: Ok. But,
Patient: Yeah, he, I mean, he's got, I think he might have a little bit of fluid back in his legs. Yeah,
Nurse: That's what I was gonna ask you. If there's
Patient: Swelling, you might have a little bit because you've got a couple he's got like, some red, like, the skin color is red there towards his ankles.
Nurse: Ok. He hasn't told you he's had any, like, shortness of breath or a cough.
Patient: No. No. Ok. No, only time I go up, he was out sitting on the porch the other day, he gets up and goes outside. He doesn't use his walker in the house. He does when he goes to and, I mean, he, he does really well, really
Nurse: Good. Oh, I'm glad to hear that. Ok. All right. So, how is he doing as far as, since your mom passed away as far as, like, grief and, and being down or depressed? Is he, is he managing? Ok. As far as that goes?
Patient: Yeah. Yeah, he seems, he seems all right. Yeah, he does. Ok.
Nurse: Good. Glad to hear that. Um, medications. Is he managing his own medications? Yep. Ok. You feel like he's doing ok with
Patient: That? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Ok. Good. Yeah, because he wasn't there. I think it was before we went where he had the sore on his leg when he had the sore on his. And he, he told me, like, a couple days prior to the appointment that, yeah, I, I take them here and there, you know, sometimes I don't, he goes, I don't really think they do any good. And then when I went to the doctor he told him that the reason that, that sore is on his ankle was because of the sugar that he has.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. And it might not have been caused by that, but it's gonna make it really hard to heal, especially if the sugars are out of like, not controlled, you know, which is hard to know if you, if you're not checking your sugars. But I wanna see here doctor she's, I'm sure she's gonna do some blood work tomorrow. Um,
Patient: And he was, uh, he's on a depression med too. Yes. And he was, you know, he would just be crying out of the blue and stuff like that before that, you know, before the, the last appointment that we had. And then now once he found out that, that sore on his ankle won't heal because he's not been taking his meds, he's been taking his meds faithfully every day.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. And
Patient: He's, you know, he's not any, he's not like any time I go up there, he's not ever crying or anything like that. His spirit seemed good. Ok. Well, that's, and everything seems to be, yeah, everything seems to be good. Other than that, that open wound there on his leg, his ankle. I mean,
Nurse: So, yeah. Ok.
Patient: So like I'm sure. Mhm. I've kept track of it and it's not, I haven't seen it since Sunday. Mhm. But it didn't look any worse to me than it did the day we went out there. I think it look worse. Then we went out before we started using the cream.
Nurse: Mhm. Ok. Ok. Ok. I would be kind of, um, you know, I, I'll definitely just give doctor a little update so she could take an, you know, really look at that, that ankle and, and see what she wants to do. I also want to let her know about the weight gain. Not that it's a bad thing for him because I know he was having an issue with eating and losing weight especially was when he was in that rehab place and stuff. So I, um, I, I think it's a good thing he's gaining weight, but we have to be careful, like you mentioned with the, with the swelling of the legs that it's not fluid. So, um that's, I'm sure she'll, she'll check him out good in that respect also tomorrow. But, you know, depending on how it looks, she may or may not consider someone going in a couple times a week like a home health nurse to do the dressing on that ankle. Um, if it's not progressing, you know, it all depends on what she thinks. I'm just throwing out scenarios that she might mention. Um, it, it might not be a bad idea. At least it's someone looking at it and monitoring it and, and making sure that it's, it's getting better. She may recommend wound care. I don't know. But um it's a long time to have a wound on your, on your leg, right? Um, ok. All right. Well, that's all decent news. Um, doctor wants me to, you know, touch base every month if that's ok with you, [PHI-Personal]. Um, ok. And did my number pop up, like, in your phone? Ok. Keep it handy if you wanna program programming in, as [PHI-Personal] or doctor points nurse or however you wanna do it, um, keep it handy because sometimes, you know, the office is super busy. It's hard to get in touch with them. If you need something, you have questions concerns, you don't know which way to turn, you can call me because that's what I'm here for. Ok. Ok. And I know your dad never wanted to talk on the phone with me whenever I talk to your mom. Oh
Patient: Yeah, he, he, yeah, and he was, he
Nurse: Does. Ok. I don't wanna like make him feel, you know that he has to talk to me. But if you wanna give him my number when you do talk to him and just so we can have it in case he has a problem, he can more than, more than welcome to call me. I know he was always, he would always answer and chime in, in the background when I would talk to your mom. But um he never really wanted to get on the phone and, and talk to me directly. So um but yeah, let him know I'm here. I, I, I'm again, I, I can't tell you how like when I saw that, that Sandy passed. I was like, oh my God. I can't even believe it. Can't even believe it. But I'm sorry, I'm sure she's at peace. I know. She, she honestly, to me, I mean, I talked to her for years very frequently and, and I know since her brother passed away she just was never the same after that. It seemed that really just, oh, it was hard for her, I'm sure. Ok. Well you have my number you need anything, let me know and then I'll I'll touch base again especially after the visit. Like doctor the point sometimes people go home and then they're like, oh, I forgot to mention this or I didn't quite understand that because the visits, you know, they're a rush she's trying to get the next patient, there's a lot going on. So if there's any questions or concerns about any of that, you know, just call. Ok. Ok. Alright, thank you. Alright, [PHI-Personal], nice to talk to you. You take care. You too. Ok, thanks. Bye bye
Patient: Bye.
