Nurse: Bye. Oh, it's [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi. This is, um, [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Hi. Hi, how are you? Good. How are you? Just pull you up here? Are you calling back for [PHI-Personal] then? Yeah. Yeah. Ok. Let me get him pulled up too. Right. Let's go. There we go. Ok. All right. What can I help you with? [PHI-Personal]?
Patient: Can you just repeat his results from his, um, blood work and his urine so he can hear. Yeah,
Nurse: That's no problem. Ok. So, um, the doctor said, um, please let patient know that there is no urine infection and live liver tests are still elevated. Please stay off the statin for now. It could be the carbidopa levodopa med for the, or the Sinemet. And they should call the specialist that wrote the med and we may need to see. Gig I is gastrointestinal. Yeah.
Patient: Ok. Um, you know what the funny thing about that is his urine. Um, it came back normal, right?
Nurse: Yeah. Let me just look at, I see he's
Patient: Been bleeding all weekend.
Nurse: There is a ok, like, um, is he, he's so he's been having blood in his urine all weekend. Yes. As
Patient: He see, it's leaving the blood on the toilet. I even took a picture of it.
Nurse: Oh, wow. Ok.
Patient: And I had some antibiotics there that his urologist had given him in the event that something ha, like this would happen again. But the problem is that I've given it to him during the week and [PHI-Personal] last night and he's having a reaction to it. His face is swollen. Um, his eyes are red and he had red blotches. i, everywhere. So he's obviously allergic to this
Nurse: Medicine. Yeah. Is that Amoxil? Is it? Oh, it's [PHI-Personal]. It's
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. Ok. Yeah. So, I mean, he does have something going on where he definitely needs a antibiotic. Um, and he doesn't wanna go to the, er, um, but, um, yeah, and so, and I think
Nurse: The urologist, um, but was that back in [PHI-Personal]? Like he sees every, like, three or six months. How often the urologist? Yeah. Ok. Oh, here we go. I'm reading the last [PHI-Personal] in [PHI-Personal]. It says no active bleeding, minimum blood tinge urine periodically. Let me just go down. I'm reading this note here [PHI-Personal]. Yeah, he is on a second. Ok. Why is, so he has an allergy to sulfa, right. Well, that's, that sulfa [PHI-Personal] is sulfa.
Patient: So the
Nurse: Doctor, that's why I just, I just noticed that I'm like, well, [PHI-Personal] is combination with sulfa Xao.
Patient: Wow. No wonder he's been, he's been, his eyes have been like blood red. His face is all red and swollen and, yeah, I've been giving him Benadryl but, oh,
Nurse: No, no stop. Don't give him anymore then because he, that's, um, wow. Ok, because I was reading this last urology note and it's listed on here. Is that sulfa is an allergy. I'm, like, wait a second. Right. Right. Yeah. So give [PHI-Personal], uh, for, as needed for, um, the hematuria or blood in the thing. So, you given, how many doses have you given him?
Patient: Um, I've given him yester. Did I start, uh, the day before? Yes, Saturday. So I gave him [PHI-Personal] in the afternoon on Saturday and then yesterday he had [PHI-Personal] in the morning and then he had 1, um, 12 hours later and then he woke up this morning. I didn't give him any this morning because he was swollen up. And, um, like I said, I've been giving him the Benadryl. But,
Nurse: Yeah, that's good. You do doing the Benadryl, um, for sure, because we don't want that going somewhere else. Yeah. So the [PHI-Personal] is prescribed by urology. I'm just looking down here
Patient: For the urologist.
Nurse: Oh, wow. Ok. I just didn't see who'd you say it was
Patient: Doctor [PHI-Personal]?
Nurse: Oh, I see it here. Ok. I'm just looking to see what he seen since, uh, the last [PHI-Personal] I have in the, um, chart for the last appointment was back in [PHI-Personal]. Was that the last time he was seen?
Patient: I supposed to see him in [PHI-Personal]. But they called and canceled. Yeah, he was supposed to see him in [PHI-Personal]. Well, this month and they called and canceled claiming that he was gonna be on vacation. So they gave him an appointment for [PHI-Personal]. What? Yeah.
Nurse: Uh, I was waiting for you to be like, ok, for July they canceled it for and moved it to [PHI-Personal] and
Patient: Not, they never gave him. Yeah. The, the, the, the appointment that they gave him is not until [PHI-Personal] and doctor had put in his notes. The last time he's seen him that there's a new guy in this practice where [PHI-Personal] goes and the scheduler was supposed to get him scheduled. But up to this day, she has not.
Nurse: Have you contacted the urology office again since they reached out to reschedule or? No?
Patient: Well, he just got done. What was it today that you messaged them? He, he actually mes, uh, messaged the doctor today to tell him that he was bleeding again. But I'm going to have to message him again and let him know that this is medication is a sulfur which he's allergic to. Yeah. And he's been having allergies to this medication all weekend and today.
Nurse: Yeah, I'm just trying to see, like, I know his last appointment was in [PHI-Personal], or at least from what I can see. I don't know exactly when it did it say, like, uh, on the medication itself, like when it was prescribed or it was prescribed at [PHI-Personal] point I just was like, why, I don't know why the doctor even prescribed this if, yeah. Or even when I was surprised that the pharmacy even said, oh, like they didn't, they, they dispensed it too because,
Patient: Well, yeah, other thing call them when I'm done with you as well. Yeah. And let them know that, um, they didn't catch that. They should have caught that and, yeah, and he's been miserable all weekend and today,
Nurse: Oh, I'm sorry, that's all. Not even just the fact of the antibiotic, but the fact that he's having the blood in the urine too, that's another thing to be feeling horrible
Patient: About. And, like I said, I took a picture because every time he, he tells him something, it's almost like they don't believe him and I have the proof. I took the pic, a picture of the toilet paper that he used and when I went to the bathroom there was a blood stain just sitting on the toilet. So it's, yeah, it's, it's coming down and he had really bad, really bad burning. So, when he gets that really, really, really bad burning he automatically, uh, he already knows that he's gonna bleed.
Nurse: Yeah. It's like, it's so like [PHI-Personal], does he have, like, the chronic, does he get chronic urinary tract infections or recurring?
Patient: And he's been, he's been treated for them in the hospital. Um, but, um, yeah, I'm surprised that, well, his bleeding didn't start until Saturday. So, um, and he got his urine done on Friday. So we, he got Ring would have never known.
Nurse: No, I mean, at that point, I mean, his urine was, it is negative. Um, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it was, yeah. I don't know. I think it's good. I mean, I don't know how, um, responsive the urology office is to the messages. Um, I would, I would maybe assume, I think calling at this point would probably be the better option.
Patient: Oh, honey, calling. And that often is.
Nurse: What [PHI-Personal] is it though? What [PHI-Personal] is it? Huh? What, what urology office is
Patient: It? It's the urology of central P A. Oh,
Nurse: Yeah. No, I know now. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm not, I don't mean to laugh. Yeah, because I, I agree with you. I've had a call for some patients and I was on hold for 45 minutes. I'm like, you're kidding me.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah,
Nurse: I would say
Patient: Totally a [PHI-Personal] a Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. I'm sorry that you're going through this and it? No, you know.
Patient: Yeah, I have, um, I have the doctor's cell phone number. I'm gonna shoot him a text because I'm gonna get a hold of him [PHI-Personal] way or another.
Nurse: Yeah, I would say like somehow since, yeah, since this is like an ongoing issue. I know he just saw Doctor [PHI-Personal] and his urine was negative but since he was given the [PHI-Personal] by urology. Yeah. And, um, he, they manage or try to manage his symptoms. Just try to get in contact if you have the doctor's number or however you can get in contact. I would do that if he's to get any worse. Like, not just with his symptoms, but from the [PHI-Personal], I wouldn't expect it to get worse because you didn't give him a dose today. Um, just, just keep an eye on that. Like, if he's having any, um, you know, difficulty breathing or any further swelling, definitely just take him to the emergency room. Don't even just give him another Benadryl. Just call 911 or go to the emergency room. Um, what I
Patient: Told him.
Nurse: Yeah. Um, but yeah, that, oh dear. Oh my. And I did give
Patient: Him an appointment with the G I doctor. So, because I can't be waiting for the scheduler check. I think it's [PHI-Personal] and someone else. I'm not sure, but they don't get back to you, um, when they're supposed to, I mean, we've waited more than a month to get scheduled for something, so I take it upon myself and make the appointments myself for him.
Nurse: Ok. Let me just see. You mean, do you, I guess it's in regards to the liver test. Did you want to just go ahead and me send a, because he doesn't have an, he never seen a G I doctor before or has a G I doctor?
Patient: Oh, yeah, he
Nurse: Has [PHI-Personal]. He does. Oh, he has [PHI-Personal]. Ok. All right. So, yeah,
Patient: I, I already scheduled him. Oh, yeah, he already has [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: When does he have that g, I then,
Patient: Um, I scheduled it for [PHI-Personal] at two o'clock.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: And, um, they want all his, like, blood re blood work results from the past couple times that show that his, um, LFTs were elevated.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: And I have a fax number. If I can give it to you maybe you can fax that to them.
Nurse: Yeah I can try if not I can send a message over to the office to say that you have the date and everything. Um where where is the office? Just so I can let them know too or who you're seeing or who he's seeing?
Patient: It's off of [PHI-Geographic] it's on [PHI-Geographic].
Nurse: Oh ok. G I sir [PHI-Geographic]. Ok. Yeah. Ok
Patient: Where proo is is where is
Nurse: All those? Ok got you. Alright. Yeah um yeah I'll take their fax number and then I'll have the office.
Patient: Ok. 717. Ok. 4441 [PHI-Account]. All
Nurse: Right. [PHI-Account]. Yeah. Ok. All right. I'll send that request over um a while and then um cookie do you need anything? I mean I know you're talking to [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal] and he can hear conversation. Do you need anything? Because I know you're enrolled in the thing as well or? Yeah I
Patient: Just um just like, my depression has been out the window. I'm just, I, I'm just, like, mentally, um, physically exhausted. I'm drained. Like, oh, I'm just, I'm, I'm just, you know, I can't, depression as much as I wanna try to.
Nurse: Oh, yeah. Is it, is it been gradually getting, has it been gradually getting worse or just, do you feel like all of a sudden it's like there was a, there's a breaking point. No, it's,
Patient: I've been bad for several weeks. So almost, almost, almost two months. And I've seen my psychiatrist and she's, you know, like giving me a new medication
Nurse: And ok, but it's just,
Patient: You know, I have so much going on [PHI-Personal] and then I have to make sure I take care of my husband too
Nurse: And just, it's just, it is. Oh, do you feel that since stuff is going on with him it's a little bit harder for, um, you right now? Yeah. I, I feel like that. Yeah. And that's what I gotta do. Yeah. And it, caring, caring for a loved [PHI-Personal]. It's especially, even if it's an acute issue or just a serious ill illness, illness, it can, it, it can, it's hard, it's to take [PHI-Personal] day at a time but sometimes it's, it's hard. Um. Yeah. Yeah. So, and then caregiver burnout. Um, um, did you ever hear of that saying before? That, that before as well? I got, I think so.
Patient: I think. Ok.
Nurse: Yeah. So, um, that's caregiver burnout, um, common symptoms of that. Um, is, you know, you say you see the psychiatrist but anxiety, depression, feeling tired or, uh worn down as well as just other. Um, I would even say trouble concentrating. Um, there's a lot of things that can go with it, especially when you already have the underlining, like, you know, you're not feeling well mentally already. Um, the common signs, um, of it is emotional, physical exhaustion, even after sleeping or taking a break, much leer less energy than you had, um, lower, um, activity. Um, and also as well as changes in eating habits, appetite and, or your weight like a weight loss, weight gain. And, um, yeah, it's, it's, it's, it's hard because, I mean, you wanna take care of yourself, especially when you have the baseline mental stuff. But also it's just, it's [PHI-Personal] of those things, um, it's sometimes lack of control, I mean, can come frustrated because of lack of um, resources or skill to efficiently plan, manage and organize the care. Like you feel like you're responsible for managing everything and just to let you know, [PHI-Personal], that is what I'm here for. Like, if you're like, this is what's happening and what you did earlier is appropriate. Like, hey, I've been trying to reach the office. What do they want? What can you tell me? That's what I'm here for. I don't physically work in the office, but I work out of the office to help. And some people do find it more accessible to reach out to me and if there's anything they need, I can direct them in the right way or try to, or look for resources. But, and sometimes there's unreasonable demands. I mean, caregivers place unreasonable burdens on themselves um in part because they're providing care um as their, your exclusive responsibility. Um and it's hard, it's, I mean, uh asking for help. Do you have anybody to help with things around the house? Like, no,
Patient: No, it's just me and him, our kids have their own issues. And um, yeah, did you ever
Nurse: Ask your kids or like try to hint or you don't wanna? Well,
Patient: They're my oldest daughter. Um, she has a lot going on. All right. And I, yeah, she has a lot going on and um, my middle daughter is trying to get pregnant and then my youngest daughter just had a baby on the [PHI-Personal] and has been, yeah, has been in and out of the hospital because of her BP being so high. Ok? Because apparently she has preeclampsia that lasted six weeks after they deliver, which we had no idea that that would be something that would happen after and they told her
Nurse: With her.
Patient: Yeah, it didn't affect her while she was in the hospital but since she's been home, um, you know, she's been admitted and she's actually, she just texted me now because I was gonna stay with her and she just texted me now and told me she was, they were releasing her. So she was on her way out of the hospital. So, ok, so they're upping her, her, her high BP medication and it's just, you know, a lot.
Nurse: It's, it's not even, just the fact that you're a caregiver. It's the fact that you're worrying about your daughters too. Um, it's like, it's, it's a mom, you know, being a mom and a caregiver are both selfless roles and we tend to put ourselves last. Um, and it's hard because that's what we do is worry and wanna help. Um, but no, and that's [PHI-Personal] thing, at least, you know, like your daughter was seen and she's being looked at and, um, and she's being cared for. But, yeah, it's hard. I mean, I could understand why you can't get, no, I wouldn't say not any support but maybe just talking to your daughters. But, and I'm glad you have, like, the psychiatrist, like you said, but giving yourself a break sometimes too. Are you ok to leave [PHI-Personal] at home for a certain amount of time?
Patient: Well, if I do, like, I don't really go anywhere without him and he doesn't go anywhere without me and we just don't, you know, we just stay home and we just, we do stay home. Yeah. Yeah, we just stay home and if we have to go to, like, the grocery store it's just like a quick run. And, um, so, you know, it's difficult at times for him to drive because of his Parkinson's. And so I have to drive, you know, to get us where we need to go with his health guiding me because half of the time I don't even know where I'm going. But, um, yeah, so it's just, it's just me and him, we don't wanna burden any of our girls and, you know, they all, I get that. Yeah.
Nurse: But as long as you, I mean, it's nice that you do things, but at the same time it, um, giving yourself a break, not to say that like giving yourself a whole day or a half a day, I'm giving your self permission to rest and do things that you enjoy on a daily basis. Not every day if it's not, of course, if that can't happen, but you'll, you'll be a better caregiver for it and you may just feel better fit mentally like, you know, physical exhaustion, at least you can go to sleep, wake up the next thing you're like, oh, I feel better. Mental exhaustion. It continues and it continues and it continues. Yeah. Um, and if you're not regularly taking time off to destress and re recharge your batteries, um, you may, you'll, if you do recharge your batteries or just feeling better, you may accomplish. Um, a little bit more. I'm not saying you're not accomplishing anything. But, yeah, I mean, I don't know if you're a person, like, not saying everybody does, like, even getting like a pedicure or something like that. I know it's not cheap but I mean, just something for yourself or
Patient: I know, I just, I don't, I don't, it's like I don't have the energy, I don't have that urge. I don't, you know, and then my moods are all over the place and, uh, so I just, like, I, I just, I just rather stay home because I, I feel like I'm a ticking bomb. If somebody says something wrong or does something wrong, I'm just gonna react and it's just better that I stay here and if I go anywhere, take my husband with me because he can kind of control me sometimes. So,
Nurse: Yeah, I mean, but that's like everything you're telling me sounds like it's, it's burn out like, and I know you have like the baseline anxiety and everything. But um being and I'm not saying staying at home is not a good thing, but when you're in like so much of a routine, it can be uncomfortable for change. But if you're at least to go get your nails done or something, there shouldn't be anything I would hope not. That would trigger like not, I wouldn't say your nails done because that's always enjoyable. But
Patient: I'm just like, I'm just, I'm just not into none of that stuff. I just Yeah. Yeah.
Nurse: What about if you went out of the house not to go, like, to a, um, grocery store. But I don't know, like, if there's a nice, like, pond or something that you can sit outdoors, like there is, like they say that it's called Green Space. I don't know if you heard of that before. I mean, obviously it's being outdoors. But, um, and, um, being in a green space has been associated with lower levels of stress and reduction of symptoms for depression anxiety. Um They say like at least 30 minutes of nature, um per week reduces depression by like 7% and can reduce high BP by 9%. Do you? And do you have high BP? I don't, I'm just looking at you don't.
Patient: No. The only time that that goes up is, you know, if I'm having a lot of anxiety and, and
Nurse: That can, yeah, but even the temporary spikes, if they're reoccurring, that can still just be as damaging as having chronic high BP because it's um not being managed. But um and we were talking about that it reduces BP because, you know, if your anxiety is lower and you're not, you're feeling better, that helps, it helps with your heart rate, muscle t uh tension and um reduces the production of the stress hormone. So, I mean, I mean, if you don't necessarily wanna go anywhere, you wanna go with him somewhere, make you maybe make it a point to go somewhere different. I mean, not to say you have to spend all day, maybe get like an ice cream cone or something and sit by on a park bench and, I don't know, just trying to think of ways. I know it's hard like when you're kinda stuck with how you, you know, being the care, caregiving role and it's difficult. But, oh, I'm sorry that you, it's not feeling the greatest right now. That, that's, that stinks. Especially when the [PHI-Personal] you love. They're not feeling well and then you end up not feeling well because you're trying to make them feel better and it feels like it's out of your control. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, all right. Well, I just, I mean, while I have you on the phone, I guess I can, I'm gonna mail out, um, to you and to, or wellness schools. It's just things to do throughout the year. You don't have to do anything with it. Um, you can stick it to your fridge. It's just like your, um, lab work that you would get done routinely. Your Medicare visit, which you're not even due because you did that back in February. So, um, but, um, and then for, I'm just seeing if, let me go back to, I can only have [PHI-Personal] chart up at a time. Let me go back to Angels and see if they have, oh, they don't even have sulfa on his allergy list on, for doctor. But you said it was the urologist that prescribed it. Yeah. I don't let me go back to urology. Do you know how long, let me go back here. Do you know how long the, um, allergy was for sulfa or when that was found out? I don't think it's on here.
Patient: No, I think we just found that out this weekend that I gave it to him because he had taken it before and he didn't have an issue with it. But um, this time that he took it, it, it's, he just, it was weird and he had red spots everywhere and it was put
Nurse: Under the urology note. Like because I, I see the scan document, it says allergens and then it says codeine penicillin and sulfa. So in [PHI-Personal] it was already on his allergy med list as hives.
Patient: Yeah. So we need to make sure doctor has that and then I'm gonna call the pharmacy and let them know too.
Nurse: Yeah, that's interesting. Ok. Yeah. Um I think what you're doing, like you said you have the doctor's number and then he sent a message over through the portal or however you get through to there. Um,
Patient: He actually responded back to him. Oh, um, he, he put [PHI-Personal] as long as the blood has cleared. I'm ok with that. I think it's from the everything is blamed on his radiation. Oh, so you're having, yeah, if you're having further trouble, please reach out and we will get you to see him in the office. What?
Nurse: No. Yeah. Did, was it the aller was the antibiotic brought up in that message?
Patient: Um, yeah, [PHI-Personal] did tell him that he took that antibiotic and he got an allergic reaction to it and I just texted him now to let him know that he was allergic to it because it's considered a sulfa which he's allergic to, if you can prescribe him another antibiotic.
Nurse: Yeah, I think that's, I think that's fair. So, yeah, I'm gonna send a message to doctor to that. I'm adding the sulfa to his allergy list. Um. Ok. Yeah. So. All right. Well, do you have any other questions? [PHI-Personal]?
Patient: I'm good. I, I'm good. I'm good. Ok.
Nurse: All right. Well, you give me a call if you or if [PHI-Personal] needs anything, I'll do my best to help. Um, I'll follow up with you next month but you don't have to wait for me to call you. If you need anything, you can always reach out to me.
Patient: Ok. Yeah, you're
Nurse: Welcome. You have a
Patient: Good day. You too. Bye bye. You
Nurse: Bye.
