Nurse: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you?
Patient: What do you want
Nurse: Now? I don't know. I just looked in your chart and I see all kinds of things going on. What's going on? They got pee containers coming to you. You got,
Patient: I'm completely, I'm completely falling apart. That's what happens when you turn [PHI-Personal] you the glue, all the glue comes loose and you just start falling apart.
Nurse: So, what is it? What did he explain to you this test this uh 24 urine? Are they checking for proteins or what are they doing?
Patient: He's checking for adrenal cancer?
Nurse: Oh, my goodness.
Patient: And I'm like, what I actually put in the, uh note like that spook me a little bit doc. How about inserting a little Vaseline? Next time I, I
Nurse: Saw that, I read it. I read it like what? God, I don't mean to smoke you.
Patient: Yeah. Well, I think, I think I insulted his pride a little bit and he sound a little pissed coming back. But, you know, give me a break, you know, why? Say that to somebody. Well,
Nurse: You should definitely, you know, just, just at least, uh have some kind of explanation on why you'd be checking for it and all that.
Patient: He, well, you saw what, you saw, what he wrote. He just writes. Well, I'm, I'm, you know, blah, blah, blah. And I'm like, what?
Nurse: Yeah, I thought, yeah. Well, then I also saw, are you still having some symptoms of, like, um, they wanted you to do another COVID test?
Patient: Oh, no, I'm, I'm fine. I'm fine. I took the code this Saturday because I, you know, I need to come out and see my mom on Monday. If I don't have COVID, I had a very mild cold and it's, it's almost completely gone. Yeah. Yeah. That really [PHI-Personal] me up and I, I
Nurse: Can imagine. I can absolutely imagine. That's crazy. Like what, uh, you know, when you gotta start doing that, do they want you to do it after like today or what do they, when do you start
Patient: Doing? I did II, I did it, uh, uh, Sunday morning until Monday morning. I turned out Saturday morning. Nice jug, nice jug of ice, cold urine. I told the nurse, I said, hey, get everybody around. It's nice and cold. Get glasses out for everybody.
Nurse: What they, they say it'll be how long, like 10 days, seven days I
Patient: Know 5 to 7 heat. He said, you know, I don't know. II, I do, my urine is dark. I think it's probably because I don't drink as much as I should. Sometimes I plus I consume a lot of vitamins and stuff.
Nurse: Yeah, that'll do it too.
Patient: I, uh, I don't feel like, you know, it's not like I've dropped weight or anything. I've stayed at a level 1 40 so I don't think there's anything wrong with me. I, I just eat right. You know, I don't eat crap like other people do.
Nurse: No. I know. I know. You're, you're, I mean, from what we talked, you, you're pretty, you're pretty healthy at everything you do, you know? You know, you're,
Patient: Well, I couldn't do anything any better for my age. I mean, than what I do. Uh, and I'm gonna get on the bike later today. I still have a rash, uh, or some remnants of it. It's faded a lot but it's still
Nurse: There, you know? Oh, that's, I'm glad it's least fading. It's in stage, you know. Yeah, this is not. So, is it still itchy or no
Patient: [PHI-Personal]? I never got that. And I never, and, and some, one of your other cohorts, uh, talked to me and offered something that was zinc oxide based and I wasn't gonna put that on because that stuff every time I've used that it's ruined my clothing, including my cycling shorts because that zinc oxide, you get that in those chais it doesn't come out. So, I, I, you know, the hydrOXYzine, the hydrOXYzine has really got me through this, I think because I've been able to sleep. Uh Yeah, it
Nurse: Is a good pill for that.
Patient: Yeah. The, the itching has not been that intense that I've had to take any anti antihistamine on
Nurse: Top of it. Good. Well, I mean, you know, like you said before, you don't wanna aggravate the, you know, the BPH, you wanna make sure, you know, you don't want, have one problem, take something and create another problem. So. Well,
Patient: That's, that's actually been doing well. I mean, I, I, I've been, I've been, been getting up once or none at all at night, which seems, and I'm only taking a half of an al, I'm only taking 10 instead of
Nurse: 10. Well, maybe your body's like, you know what, let's give this guy a break on this thing. Just give me another problem to deal
Patient: With. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe, maybe somebody is giving me a break. Well, I hope I don't get a call from. I'd like to see you at two o'clock this for now. Then I'm gonna,
Nurse: I gotta talk to you. Oh, no, no, I'll pray for that. It won't happen. But I did, I did wanna check and see. So hopefully we, we'll get the results on that and, uh, see what's going on.
Patient: My suspicion is my suspicion is that that's gonna show absolutely nothing. I've had proteinuria forever forever for the last 50 years. Ok. My, my doc doctor saw that in my urine years ago. It's always,
Nurse: I see it on every one of these, every one of that you've done. I see small,
Patient: Small and he told me ago, forget about it. It's you and, and I think he's never been concerned about it. So, you know, here, here's the thing. I'm gonna tell you a quick, let me tell you, let me tell you a quick story about when I first, you know, and I was with a doctor was the same age as me that I can relate to forever. And he left and I get this young dude right. And I don't know, right off the bat he tells me, yeah, I have one of these Cleveland Heart clinic studies that they did for free. And he looks at that and he goes, oh, you're in heart failure. I go, what I said, I just, I just rode a bicycle 45 miles yesterday in 98 degree weather. What are you trying to tell me? And he goes, 00000, no, no, no. And he looks at something else and he says, oh, you have diabetes? I said, excuse me? And then he, and he goes, oh, no, no, no. You know how much confidence I had. You do that initially? Zero.
Nurse: So he just want to look at the paper and not really knew like that you were a cyclist that your heart rate usually runs low and all that kind of stuff.
Patient: He doesn't know poop. And he's, you know, he's a, I've, I've come to be able to tolerate it. Let me put it that way. OK? And he, he knows my case so I'm not gonna flip unless he really does something goofy on me because he does know me. But he just, I don't know something about him. We just, you know, we just don't,
Nurse: You don't take it just right at, at, at surface value. I think that's, that's probably what you're trying to say,
Patient: You know, I just don't click. Yeah, I just don't click. You know, he came up behind me in a grocery store and tapped me in the back. Like I looked around, he wasn't throw on the other side and he thought that was funny. Oh jeez. You know what? He's lucky he didn't get shot.
Nurse: Like I keep a professional doc,
Patient: He really doesn't know that much about me, you know, I mean, if he would have done out of the parking lot, uh, honest to God.
Nurse: Right. No, especially trying to intern and nobody's there. And you're like, oh Jesus, I can imagine. He just,
Patient: Well, he just doesn't know any, you know, he doesn't, he doesn't know me that well, even though I've explained stuff to him, you know, and he just, he got this goofy look on his face. He, I don't know, he's just a character. Well, you know what,
Nurse: That's what I'm here for, to help you dig deeper into it. Right. Keep, keep on them. Dig.
Patient: Well, if you can dig into brain. Let me know what you find in there. I think there's, I think amongst all those, uh, uh, prescriptions, I think there's some air floating around in there.
Nurse: Well, what I do enjoy about him though is he's the only one of the docs at this [PHI-Geographic] that will, uh, um, deal directly to me and not just go through his nurses. You know what I mean? In the office? Because then half the time I don't get things back. You know what I mean? If, uh, you know, with the other ones. So I have to dig into the charts.
Patient: Yeah, I, I truly do believe that he's a well intentioned provider. Ok. But I think he, sometimes he's seen too many, he's seen too many episodes of house.
Nurse: I think she's just gonna come up with something miraculous that no one else has seen before.
Patient: I don't know. What are you gonna do? But what
Nurse: I'm, what I wanna do is, um, I'm sure then that it'll be back. I'm probably not gonna talk to you before, um, Thanksgiving weekend. So I'm gonna check first thing Monday morning and see if those results are back and if he's checked and if not, I'll get him right in his box.
Patient: I'll already be on the UP MC website looking for believe. Go
Nurse: Ahead. Well, I'll be right there with you bud right there with you. But, um, until then, um, I'm gonna tell you Happy Thanksgiving and, um, and, and let you go and, um, call me if you need me. Ok, I'll be here tomorrow. I'm, I'm off Thursday, Friday though. Ok. I was, I had to be off it last Friday too because this did hear about the snow we got here.
Patient: Yeah, I mean, that was pretty amazing what you,
Nurse: I was right there in one night it was 60 ft and overnight it was wild. Yeah, I'll tell you, I've never seen
Patient: It before. People don't have any clue what people in, up in, uh, upper [PHI-Geographic] have to deal with. I, I, they're like, they're like, what, what, what, what are they, what are they like? Like the Rockies? I go, no, it's, it's like, no, we're in the
Nurse: [PHI-Geographic] and [PHI-Personal], I had tickets to the Buffalo Bills game and they moved that damn thing to freaking [PHI-Personal]. I was, like, get it out of here. I was so upset when we made it out.
Patient: How do you get out of your house? How do you open a door?
Nurse: Um, we had to pay 100 and $50 for a snow plow to come and clear it out.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I can't, I mean, the last snow fall that we had here it was pretty big was like, 29 inches and it was heavy like yours. It was monstrous. I can't imagine. I mean, I was, and then we got several after that, I had, like, snow on top of my little tiny house and I was with a snow shovel, pulling the weight off of the roof because I was afraid my roof was. Oh, yeah, we
Nurse: Were worried too and, mhm.
Patient: I'm sure that was happening there because some people just cannot get the snow off the roof. It was taller than me. Yeah. And especially, uh, uh, heavy snow like that, that can crush a roof
Nurse: In 24 hours too. And not to mention, don't, you know, the sun comes out the next morning. So a lot of this top layers turn into ice and then it's just, it was, oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. It was. I didn't, I didn't get out of there. The snow, they had the snow ban, so I was stuck there so I couldn't get back home to, to work on Friday. Um, we didn't get even plowed out of the driveway until we called everybody. Everybody was, um, packed. A lot of people were like, we can't get you until you, until Tuesday. Finally there was just someone out in the street, we yelled out to them and they came and they did it for 100 and 50 bucks.
Patient: Yes. And it's worth every dime. Well, I'm glad that you got through it. Mhm. I figured, I figured that's what you were going through and I, I wasn't really that worried about it. I just, I basically just called you to tell you about what he said, what I said to him on. Oh, I
Nurse: Read it. I was like, ok, I gotta, I gotta call him now. I said, I don't know if there's anything I can do about any of it but I gotta see what's going on.
Patient: Yeah. But it's kind of funny because there, there's like, two consecutive weeks now or one in between that I've ended up over at the family [PHI-Geographic] clinic.
Nurse: I know. I know but I'm glad that it's just a cold. How's mom is mom doing? Doing? Ok.
Patient: Well, I am I I got her at the nursing home a half an hour ago and she's been in the bathroom the whole time and I just yelled for her a few minutes ago and she says she's ok. So that's the way it is. Yeah. So anyway. Alright man. Thanks for calling, take care of yourself. Have a happy Thanksgiving. Uh huh. Bye now.
