Nurse: Hi, [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, how are you? I'm doing well. How are you? Well, I'm sorry, I missed the call the other day but I think I was having my phone charged. Oh,
Nurse: That's ok. You don't have to worry about it. Let me pull your chart up here real quick. I was just checking in on you wanted to see how you were feeling, how your month has been. You had any concerns or questions or anything going on?
Patient: No, the only concern I have is growing old.
Nurse: I wish I could help you there. I'm running into the same issue here.
Patient: Well, other than that, uh, everything is going pretty well.
Nurse: Oh, good, good. And I see you are coming in here next week. When are you? Is that Tuesday? Yeah, Tuesday. We have you coming in? You're getting a B 12 shot as well. How have you been feeling with, um, with your energy, uh, strength, all that stuff. Are you feeling pretty
Patient: Well to tell you the truth? I, I can't, the loss of energy to me is contributed to my age because I still do a lot of work outside. I keep myself busy occupied and I take exercise, uh, seven days a week. Um, so I have that routine. I've been doing that for years. As long as I maintain that routine.
Nurse: I feel good for you. Good for you. And,
Patient: But I, I've, I've noticed, you know, if I stop losing a lot I get stiff. Yep. Yep. That's what happens at my age. What do you expect? I, I'm
Nurse: Lucky. Yeah. I mean, and I'm glad that you're, uh, seven days a week. You can't, you can't get any better than that. And you're, are you eating pretty healthy? Are you eating lots of good varieties of foods too?
Patient: Well, usually I eat, uh, a breakfast in the morning and I change, I usually eat about probably nine or two o'clock in the morning and I have a rotation where I, I eat cereal one morning and then another morning I eat, uh, uh, eggs, uh, cheese, uh, toast, uh, coffee. And I did add an addendum to my, what I've, I've been taking on a daily basis called Collagen. Mhm. And I don't know whether you have that on my record or not, but I've been doing that now for almost two months.
Nurse: Mhm. I do. I think I actually added it, um, the first time we talked but it's on there. I see it on there. Take it once every day. Yeah, a couple suggestions just because of the b 12 deficiency that you have a couple suggestions of things that you can add into the diet. It will. So the B 12 is, is a vitamin that helps with your red blood cells, which is gonna give you better energy. It's gonna give you more strength. It's gonna help improve with all this exercise you're getting. Um, it'll help, just give you a little boost with that. Um, so things that you could add in, like for your breakfast, for example, eggs have tons of vitamin B 12. So, uh, if you like eggs wonderful, add an egg in. They say there's cholesterol. Yes, that's true. But there's so many good things in eggs that outweigh the cholesterol that you're gonna get from it. So I think eating an egg every morning as long as you're not going through, you know, like six eggs a day, you're not gonna have to worry about that. Added cholesterol. It's got good, such good, um, vitamins in it. And then, you know, since the, the B 12 isn't really in plants and we always tell people you wanna eat a lot of vegetables because that's super duper healthy. You want veggies, veggies, veggies, but there's not a lot of B 12 in veggies. So you kind of need to do more animal products. I lean towards fish because it's healthier than like red meat. So, I don't know if you, what, what fishes you like. But if you could add some fish in your diet, that might give you a little boost of energy.
Patient: That's one of the things that I, uh, I was after I retired, you know, I began eating twice a day and then about two or three months ago I said, no, I probably need to get a snack between the breakfast and dinner. And one of the things that I do is I eat, uh, I eat sardines because it has, uh, oh, yes. It has a terrific amount of the nutri in it that you buy. Yes,
Nurse: Absolutely. It does. And I think if you have a, if you like it, it's a love or hate thing, people either love them or they hate them and if you like them more power to you, um, they're really healthy. Yep. Absolutely. They have the Omegas in them. Yeah. Really good.
Patient: And I alternate every day with, uh, uh, sausage. Mhm. Is, is that bad or like, it's not
Nurse: That it's probably high in the, in the trans fat area. Usually sausage is high in the trans fat. It does. There are still good things in it, but it also is loaded with trans fat and that's the fat that clogs up your arteries and it kind of, um, accumulates and makes deposits in the arteries and the veins and then that can cause high BP and all that stuff. So, as long as you're not going crazy with it and it's, you're eating it in moderate amounts, you're not eating it on a regular basis. It's not a big deal. No,
Patient: It's a very small can. Ok. No, that's it. All right.
Nurse: Let's see. I'm trying to think of, you know, what other good things for you. So, I would, so, like you said, with the sardines, um, that's an amazing help. I think most fish have it, like, you know, tuna sardines, all those kind of fishes are really high in those things.
Patient: And beef, beef does. Yeah. Fish. Yeah. Diet. Mhm. Because II, I love fish, all kinds of fish. Mhm. So, she could do that two or three times a week. Uh, yep. Exactly. I'd be satisfied with that. Yes,
Nurse: Sir. Yep. And I, you know, and it's expensive. You can't go crazy with it, but it is really good for you. It's good for your heart. It's good for your energy levels. Now it will just give you a nice boost and keep,
Patient: You. Can, I keep you
Nurse: At [PHI-Personal] years.
Patient: Yeah. My, my energy level, uh, just like for the last couple of days it's been excessively high and sometimes I, I, I'm working outside and I know I sweat a lot and, uh, I can know that I can lose, uh, a number of pounds and I don't know whether this is consistent or not. But before I go to bed I weigh and it, uh, I'm, I'm up around, uh, 1 73 to 1 75. When I get up in the morning it does drop two or three. Yeah. So, and, uh, that, it, it is, is that stable or?
Nurse: That's pretty normal? A lot of times you weigh the la the least amount in the morning. Um, you, uh, over the course of a day, it depends on what you've eaten. If you've gone to the bathroom, how much you've gone to the bathroom. Um, if you had a good amount of sodium, if you ate a salty meal and you, you held on to a little extra water that day, all those little things can cause your weight to go up a little bit throughout the day and then overnight it kind of stabilizes back to your normal. So your, your most accurate weight is the weight that you get in the morning.
Patient: Ok. Yeah. Ok.
Nurse: Yeah. So go off of that one.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: Mhm. Which is good because you want, I'm sure that's what you wanted to hear. Right.
Patient: And I'm trying to drink more water. I drink a lot of liquids. But uh, sometimes you need, need to drink more water. I, I'm forcing myself to come in after my outside for about two hours and maybe three and, and drink two or three glasses of water. And uh, I'm forcing myself to do that because I felt I was not getting enough water in it.
Nurse: Sure. And that's a very important thing and you can't really over hy, it's almost impossible to over hydrate. I, it, it is possible like it's happened in, you know, the crazy instances, but nine out of 10 people are dehydrated. You know, people that struggle to keep up with the amount of fluid you're so, especially with the heat that we're having. So make sure you're drinking enough, make sure you're getting those good foods and I think your energy levels will stay nice where you want them if you're doing all of that. Ok. Yeah. And you're coming in on Tuesday and then I will call back, let's see, I'll call back around like won't call on the fourth [PHI-Personal], but I'll call you around the fourth and see how things are going with you. Ok? And um if you think of some, yeah. Fourth [PHI-Personal] and if you think of something before the fourth, you can always give me a call, I'm here. I'm available to you if you have a question or a concern.
Patient: Well, no, the reason I ask you is that usually around the seventh, you said the fourth [PHI-Personal]? Yeah. Uh usually we go to Aruba for two weeks, uh early June and July and I'm trying to, I'm trying to calculate exactly what date we'll be back and I think we'll come back on the third or fourth.
Nurse: Ok. So I'll put you down for the fifth or sixth then just to give you, make sure I don't call when you're not home. That's thank you for letting me know that I'll put that down. Ok? All right. It was really nice chatting with you [PHI-Personal]. Have, have so much fun. I can't imagine that you will have a bad time in paradise but have so much fun on your trip and I'll talk to you in a little over a month.
Patient: Ok. Good enough. All right.
Nurse: Talk to you later. Bye bye.
Patient: Bye bye.
