Nurse: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you?
Patient: Uh, yeah, this is [PHI-Personal]. I patient of. Um, anyways, I was going to the bathroom and I had toilet paper and unfortunately it went in my vagina and I can't reach it.
Nurse: Ok. Um,
Patient: It's, it's, yeah. Uh, I, once in a while I do that when I start to dribble, I just stick it in the food folds there. And unfortunately it went right in. I, I tried, I, I tried three times to find it. My husband tried, I can't find it.
Nurse: Ok. Are you sure it didn't fall out in the toilet?
Patient: Well, it feels like there's something in there right now. It's still normal. I may have, I'm not gonna say it did or did not, but it feels sore and I know my bladder has dropped from me, feel the stuff and when I been going to the bathroom. Ok.
Nurse: Um, where do you normally get your vaginal exams at? Do you get them at Abbey's or do you go to, like a Gyn?
Patient: No, I don't. No, [PHI-Personal]. She would. She's the one nobody else.
Nurse: Ok. Let me see if I can, um, get her. Let me see if she, yeah, let me see if I can get them an appointment with you with her to be seen. It may not be until in the morning though.
Patient: Went well, the, unfortunately I got four appointments, Tuesday. I, I have basically, uh, five doctor's appointments every day, last week and this week. So it's gonna be whatever. I don't know if I could do anything. You do anything right this afternoon or not? The other appointment I got, I can cancel it. Ok.
Nurse: Um, how long do you think it's been in there?
Patient: Oh, it just happened about an hour and a half ago. But I can feel it. I don't want it to be in there for a week and get infected.
Nurse: Oh, ok. Um,
Patient: Like I said, I'm not 100% for sure, but something feels like there is in there way up. Ah.
Nurse: Right. Ok. Do you have any gloves at home in case it is a 24 hours before you can get an appointment that you can try to.
Patient: I, yeah, we both used, he used gloves. I, yes, we got gloves to try to reach out. Ok. And my, uh, uterus is inverted too. So it makes it harder for me to eat and pee. I just, a lot of times I, eating to pee to get to pee out. I have to stand on my head just about. Ok.
Nurse: All righty. Yeah, definitely. Going to have to be seen for that. Um,
Patient: Yeah. So the heck, uh, I hope the heck there's something in there. Well, I don't, but I hope the heck, you know, I know there's something I feel something in there anyways.
Nurse: Ok. You don't have a prolapsed uterus or anything, do you, you know where it, where it kind of, um, bulges some?
Patient: Well, let's put it this way. I, I know my, uh, bladder is pro, uh, prolapsed into my vagina. Yeah.
Nurse: Um, so that could be what you're feeling too. It could be irritated. So, definitely need to get that looked at. Um, so I sent them a message to try to get you in. Um, I'll call you right back or that the office will one with the appointment. Um, and we'll see what they say. Um, keep trying to go to the bathroom and see if sometimes the vag vaginal will start cramping to naturally, to release something.
Patient: Yeah. So
Nurse: It shouldn't be too long. Um, before they get back with me I had
Patient: A total hysterectomy years ago and about two years ago I know the bladder dropped. Stage one. I know it was dropped and it hasn't gotten any better because now, like I said, talk about, I had to get all your urine out.
Nurse: Yeah. So you don't have a uterus anymore? No. Oh, then you don't have.
Patient: Ok. No, I don't, I don't know how I get it. I know. I, I tried three times and I have tried, I was on the bathroom different times. All it's doing is be irritating, getting a little bit of blood out. Not much but still it's irritated. Ok, I have a cervix but not, you know. Ok. I just said, I think I do. Maybe I don't.
Nurse: Yeah. Well, after you've had a hysterectomy you don't, I've already put that on there. So, if they mention your inverted uterus, um, in the message, uh after you've had a hysterectomy, you don't have to mention that, but I would mention the bladder has prolapsed into your cavity. Um, but they should be messaging me back or they'll call you directly with the appointment time. Ok? And then I'll call you right back. So sit by the phone.
Patient: Ok? Yeah, I, I can, I have an appointment time tonight earlier this afternoon, it takes two hours and if I don't hear back within an hour, I, I don't know what to do.
Nurse: Well, call me back. If you don't, if you don't hear back, just call us back or call the office directly.
Patient: Ok. Thank you. You're welcome. Bye bye bye bye.
