Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal] with the care management team. How can I help you?
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal], my name is Ed [PHI-Personal] and I'm returning your call. Something about a new program doctor is offering.
Nurse: Yes. Thanks for getting back to me, Ed. How are you doing today? I'm just doing wonderful, good. Um, yeah, just we were calling just to go over the information about the new program that he's offering. Do you have a couple minutes now for me to go over it with you? Yeah. Ok, great. Um, and just so you know that the call is recorded for quality purposes? Ok. Ok. Uh, what it is really, it's a new care management program. Uh, that's just where our nurse is gonna call and check in with you, see how you're doing in between office visits. Uh, she's gonna go over your full medical health with you answering any questions addressing any issues or concerns that you may be having. Uh, she'll also go over any medications that if you're taking any. Uh, so if you have questions about those or if you needed refills, uh, she's gonna make sure that your medications are working the way that they should be and that your conditions aren't worsening. Uh Or if you just had questions or needed help with appointments, labs, community resources. Those are just some of the things the nurse would discuss with you during the phone call. Ok. Ok. Uh I do want to let you know that the service is considered to be an office visit. So it's billable to [PHI-Personal] and [PHI-Personal] Advantage plans and secondary insurance carriers. Uh It is subject to co insurances and deductibles and co payments. So you may get a statement from the practice for this service when you have contact with your dedicated nurse. Now, you do get to choose how often your nurse calls you. So if you'd like her to call you once a month or once every three months, six months or even just once a year, that's up to you. I'll mail you a letter to the program and then the letter will have your nurses contact information so you can call her if you had any questions or concerns also. Ok. Yeah. Um, now, uh do you prefer for the nurse to call you in the mornings or in the afternoons?
Patient: Uh, morning is [PHI-Personal]?
Nurse: Ok. And then if I could just confirm the information we have for you is still the same. Uh, we have your mailing address still as 2 10 North Row Street, Quakertown pa A 18951. And we have your, ok. Uh, we have your insurance. So Medicare and Transamerica Premier. That's correct. Ok, now, and your nurse, she should be giving you a call in about a week or so. Just introduce herself to you and get to know you a little bit and then at that time you could just let her know when you'd like her to give you a call again. Ok, that'd be fantastic. Alright then you're all set. I hope you have a great day. You too. Thank you so much. Thank you. You're welcome. Bye bye.
