Nurse: Hey [PHI-Personal], this is [PHI-Personal]. How are you?
Patient: Oh, not too bad. Who is it? I'm sorry.
Nurse: So, my name is [PHI-Personal]. Um, you had, yeah, to do the monthly phone calls. Right.
Patient: Right. Yeah, I just, I've been out and I came in so I missed the call. So I called to see who it was.
Nurse: You're fine. It was, it wasn't anything urgent or anything. I was really just calling to, um, introduce myself and make sure you have my phone number and, um, just go over a couple points on the program. So you kind of know what the, what the benefits are for you specifically. Um, so basically what it is, it's something that Medicare started for primary care providers to use, um, to keep better track of their patients. So when you and I speak on a monthly basis, I'll send doctor [PHI-Personal] a little note. Um, basically just giving him an update if anything's out of the ordinary as far as your health is concerned. Like if you a specialist and they started a new medicine or if you've been sick or hurt or had surgery, stuff like that, um, it's, it's helpful. So, the next time you see him, you're not spending half the appointment, you know, catching up on whatever has been going on. But um the benefit for you is that I'm available um, for you to call into me every day of the month. So I'm only gonna reach out probably once a month unless I've got something to follow up on you with. But if you wake up sick or have any sort of health care questions, um, I'm your first point of contact. Ok. Ok. So if you need medication refill, if you have a bad reaction to a medication or something like that or just any sort of health care issue that I can assist with. Uh I'm here for you.
Patient: Ok, [PHI-Personal], that's good to know. Ok,
Nurse: Good. Well, is there anything going on today or right now I can help out with or let doctor know about?
Patient: No, I, uh, you know, I've, I've been going to a pulmonologist there, doctor. It's on my records and everything and I just saw him uh Monday and he'd had a CT scan done to follow up from a previous CT scan that showed I had uh pneumonitis or something like that. Anyway, it's all cleared up. Ok. But I still got an appointment with, I have a, an appointment with doctor uh oh, next month in July. And uh he was wanting to see me one more time before he released me from where he treated me for, uh, a nodule in my lungs. And, uh, you know, it sounds like everything's gonna be ok. It's just that, uh, I've got this little bump on the side of my jaw here below my ear. That, yeah, they're, they're, they're worried about it. I'm not. Anyway, I,
Nurse: Are they gonna do a scan of it or anything or? Just
Patient: Kinda, well, they've done it, they did a biopsy of it and it was inconclusive. Ok. Well, but it's a spot, it's spot on that. Uh, saliva gland. You got a big gland there. And anyway, it on that and, like I told them all my, all my life when I got sick with a cold or flu or whatever, that thing would swell up. So I always figured it was one of those lymph lymph things, lymph nodes or something. Sounds like. Yeah. Anyway, uh, they, it was when they did a CT scan or pe T scan for my lung that showed up as active. So, then they got a little bit concerned about it. Well, they did a biopsy and that was inconclusive. Anyway, after they did the biopsy. Yeah, after they did the biopsy, it's smaller now and it's not, you know, it's not real sensitive and, but it's still there and it still shows up on AC T scan. So, uh, they're, they're just, yeah, those two doctors, the lung doc, my, uh pulmonary doctor and my cancer doctor are discussing it. So, I suppose we'll know more about it when I go to see doctor next month and then hopefully it'll all be cleared up anyway now, you know, as much as I know. All right. Well, good. Well, thanks
Nurse: For catching me up. That would. Well, um, yeah, just save my number if you need me, give me a ring and if not, I'll plan on touching base with you, um, about this time next month. or actually I'll wait until I'll try to I'll wait until after you see doctor or your oncologist and uh that way if there's anything going on that's different, we can uh discuss it and I can let know
Patient: That'd be great.
Nurse: You bet. Alrighty. Alright. Well I'll talk to you later. Ok?
Patient: You bet [PHI-Personal]. Thank you.
Nurse: Alright. Uh huh bye dear bye bye.
