Nurse: Care management. This is [PHI-Personal]. Can I help you?
Patient: Oh, hi, [PHI-Personal]. I was looking to speak to [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Hi, [PHI-Personal] is off today. Is there anything I can help you with? I'm [PHI-Personal]. I'm her partner or she can call you back tomorrow. Whatever is best for you.
Patient: Well, uh, I guess it doesn't make any difference. Uh, she was, um, she thought I went to the wound care center on Friday, but I was supposed to go, but I ended up in the emergency room Thursday night and at, at, are
Nurse: You home now? [PHI-Personal], I am. Yeah. Ok. Is there? I wanna, I'm gonna help you and give and give her an update. Could you hold on for one second? I just wanna end this call real quick and I'm gonna come right back to you. Ok. That fine. Ok. One second. Bye.
Patient: Ok. Right. [PHI-Personal]. Wow. Yeah, [PHI-Personal]. Yes. Uh
Nurse: Huh. Ok. I'm just pulling up your chart here and I have it all in front of me so I could follow along with you. Ok.
Patient: Uh, well, I was at the cardiologist last Monday and he adjusted my medication again. He told me to Uh, of course, [PHI-Personal] on the, I called or told me back on the sixth of [PHI-Personal] to double my metoprolol to get one in the morning and one at night. But he do, he told me not to do that, but just take the night one and he added norvasc to the, um, medication list.
Nurse: Ok. I'm just looking to see, did you talk to [PHI-Personal] since then?
Patient: Well, actually I, yes, I, I talked to her but then I, I think I talked to her on Tuesday. But unfortunately Tuesday night I got feeling really awful and I, I didn't know what it was because I was, I on, for this infected toe, I got, I got combination of medications but about, um, in the evening I got feeling really bad and my BP went up to one. let me see. I wrote it down here. Uh, 1 12/70 but my pulse is 100 and 21. And then when I took, took it again, about 15 minutes later, it went from to 1 18/20 my pulse was 100 and 27. And I was very nervous because I'm basically, my husband is kind of broken bones twice and he's on a walker. So I, because I got girls that come, but I, I did a lot but I really wasn't feeling well. So I, they, I kept in contact with him. I finally, it went, my pulse went down to 100 and [PHI-Personal]. So I went to sleep then and I got up the next morning and everything was good. Now, what
Nurse: Girls, what girls are you talking about? Do you have home health?
Patient: No, no, I have a daughter, two daughters that live down, I have a daughter [PHI-Personal] that lives down here on point. And I have my daughter, she live up in the middle. Ok. Got you.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: So I, I had talked to my daughter, well, then I had a, I probably should have called them but seemed to be ok. And I did leave town. I had a brother I haven't seen in three years and we went up north and I was just rode in the car. I did nothing and, uh, my BP was pretty good up there, but I was not feeling great. So when I came back on two, I came back on Wednesday. Let me see. No, on Thursday I came back Thursday. I got home. I was feeling pretty good. But that time I just really didn't feel well at all. So they took me to the Bay [PHI-Geographic] and they did on
Nurse: Thursday night or Friday,
Patient: Thursday night, Thursday night and they did a EKG, did a chest x-ray, they did all kinds of blood work. They did have an awful time getting my vein. So it took a long time and like everything came back normal, I guess my pulse rate kind of evened out. And so it's been better. I, I've had a couple of times where the, where it's gone up to 100 and two and all the time it went up to 100. And, um, I wanna say 100 and [PHI-Account] 100 and [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Is that like, just sitting there doing nothing or you up doing something?
Patient: He told me, yeah, he told me to take my blood, my pulse after sitting or relaxing for at least 20 minutes. So I've been doing that. I feel better than I did. But, uh, when I was at the Bay [PHI-Geographic], I have an appointment, I think with a cardiologist. And, uh, I think next week, uh, my daughter took the paperwork with her when she took me to the hospital. I think she forgot to return that one. Anyway, they did think I should get a hold of the cardiologist just to let him know what's going on. So, I, uh, that's about, I have not called them. I said sometimes handles that for me, but it isn't a big deal.
Nurse: So, um, so, but did you, I, I'm kind of confused because you need to make an appointment with the cardiologist or you, you have had one.
Patient: Well, I actually both, they said make sure you call your cardiologist on Monday. But I, but I do have an appointment next Monday and right now and I, I finish the Doxycycline. I'm wondering if it all has something to do with and I just had an increase in my thyroid medicine. All seem to come together all at once. Yeah. Yeah. So, my, when I was at, uh, on the sixth of [PHI-Personal], I had not been feeling very well. They did thyroid function and my thyroid was very low. So they upped my dose. So everything, things like extra thyroid went up the doxycycline, they put me on and I was to see the, um, the wound care center on Friday morning, but that was kind of a mix up to it because my son was gonna take me because I can't, I have macular generation. So I don't drive any place myself and he's still in the hospital. So he just assumed that I wasn't going to go. But, and I had tried to get a hold of him because he was, they were texting so much when I was in the hospital that he missed his phone died, I guess or something. So I did talk to, they're gonna put me on a cancellation list and right now I feel pretty well. Um, you know, I don't seem to have any big issues. I try to rest more because I, I do most of the, you know, waiting on my husband so he isn't dead or anything but he's on the walk. So he doesn't do too much for himself.
Nurse: Right. Ok. So, and I'm,
Patient: And I'm [PHI-Personal] years old. So.
Nurse: Right. Right. I get it. So, um, when do you see doctor the point again? Let's see, not till next month, not until actually [PHI-Personal]. So, or doctor or even [PHI-Personal],
Patient: I don't think I, to see her for a, I think, I thought that was just for a thyroid test. Maybe I'm wrong. Yeah,
Nurse: That's, um, [PHI-Personal]. You have blood work. So why don't you let me message the office and find out what they want to do? Now, when you went to the, er, Friday, did you stay overnight or did you go home?
Patient: No, I actually, I came home about 3 30 in the morning.
Nurse: Ok. And did they, did they tell you to take any medications differently in the, er,
Patient: No, they said no changes.
Nurse: Ok. So since you're home from the, er, you said you're feeling pretty well today. Um, have you had any blood pressures, like from today or yesterday? And heart rates?
Patient: No, I have not. I have not taken my BP yet this morning because I've been kind of running around and I wanna just do it, but I said last night, last night was fine. I think it was 1 40 1 14/71 and my pulse was 77.
Nurse: Ok. Ok, good, good. You know, when you, um, when your heart rate goes up down like 100 100 and t, you know, when it gets 100 and 2030 higher, you s, you do start to feel it, you know, you might get, you know, short of breath, weak dizzy, feel like you're gonna pass out super, super tired, you know, anything like that. But um, I
Patient: Did feel kind of like that, I guess, uh I just feel totally wiped out when I was, this was all going on and I just didn't feel move. I can't really explain it. But
Nurse: No, I understand. I do understand. Now, um, you have an appointment Monday with cardiology. I honestly don't know if you'd get in to see them before that anyway, from now till then. Um, I mean, I most certainly. Uh huh.
Patient: I didn't mean to interrupt you but you have the time of my appointment on Monday because I gotta talk to my daughter. She's got my paperwork and I don't re, it was written on the paper. What, what time on you
Nurse: Mean cardiology? Mm. I don't know if I would even have access to that. Let me,
Patient: I probably get, I just, and I, I have to text my daughter and tell her I don't have it. So she's gotta have it. And
Nurse: That is, um, is that doctor [PHI-Personal]?
Patient: Well, actually I saw the, uh, P A, uh, [PHI-Personal], what was his name? I think his name was [PHI-Personal] or something. Anyway. I, fine.
Nurse: Ok. So what, I'll, I'll, I'm gonna send doctor, um, [PHI-Personal] office a message, giving them an update because see, they be no, being that you were in the, er, she may or may not wanna see you sooner than [PHI-Personal]. I'm not sure. Um, but I will definitely, I'll call the cardiology office and let them know what happened and find out what, when your appointment is for Monday. Ok.
Patient: [PHI-Personal] may, might send them some information. I'm not sure. I'm sure they probably sent it to, to doctor. Um,
Nurse: Yeah, I don't have anything yet. I have an alert that you were there but we don't have records yet sometimes the office has to request them so um yeah but we'll they'll take care of that. I'll give the update I'll call cardiology and find out when your appointment is and I mean if if they wanna see you sooner I'm I'm sure they'll let me know and uh I'll call you back and let you know. Ok,
Patient: Thanks a lot appreciate.
Nurse: Sure. No problem [PHI-Personal]. Now is this number uh this [PHI-Account] number? Ok. Yes. Ok. Alright I I'll let you know us. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah. [PHI-Account]
Nurse: [PHI-Account]. Yeah got it. All right. All right I'll be in touch with you as soon as I um take care of this. Ok. Alright
Patient: Thank you so much
Nurse: Appreciate no problem. No problem. Take care. Bye bye.
