Nurse: Good afternoon. How can I help you?
Patient: Uh, yes. Uh, this is, uh, [PHI-Personal]. I just got a call from, uh, is it?
Nurse: Oh, ok. That's me. Give me one moment while I pull you up and, yeah, it's [PHI-Personal]. How you feeling today?
Patient: That's fine. Thank you.
Nurse: That's good. That's good. Just give me one moment so I can get you all pulled up here. You've been feeling all right lately.
Patient: We're doing ok. Yes. Excellent.
Nurse: Ok. Confirm your date of birth for me dear. Uh,
Patient: January 28th, 1942.
Nurse: Ok. Very good. Got the right guy here. It's just pulling up slowly. It's Monday. So the computer is a little tired too. Uh, ok. All right. You just had an appointment, um, the other day with your, um, hematologist. How did that one go?
Patient: I think it went, uh, it went, well, we discussed, uh, the, you know, the blood results and everything seems to be, uh, uh, as expected. I think he was, he was pleased with the, uh, with the results with the outcome. I'm not, uh, where I need to be but, uh, things are not getting worse. They're, they're, if anything, they're getting better.
Nurse: Ok now that's the good news report we wanna hear. That is awesome. I know that makes you feel good. Right. Right. Excellent. And then you had an appointment last month. We haven't spoken since then though with Doctor [PHI-Personal] uh doctor um so how did that one go for you? Um
Patient: Well it went well it went well we just went over some things uh uh again you know nothing, nothing new to, to report. Really? Alright, good. I don't have any other is, yeah, go ahead.
Nurse: Nothing new. What about the s are you still having difficulty swallowing?
Patient: You know, it's uh it's not so much, it's not so much difficulty swallowing as it is. Um especially maybe when I'm eating maybe fruit, uh maybe a apple or a mango and then sometimes it's just a a little piece will get stuck in the throat like, you know, you want to, you know, get it out. Ok. So it's not so much difficulty in swallowing as it is it just a little piece of uh something that I'm eating maybe I need to masticate it uh a little bit longer, a little bit better. But uh yeah, that's really uh the only I don't think i it's not that I'm di I have difficulty swallowing.
Nurse: Got you. That makes sense. That makes sense. Got you. Got you. Yeah. And like you said, you know, just maybe chewing it down a little bit, a little bit further. You keep those little chunky chunks out of there, huh?
Patient: The, they're just little, little things and sometimes it's a mango or an apple or, or something. Uh, but not, uh, if I'm eating meat or something like that usually doesn't happen. But just, uh, and we're talking about something maybe, you know, I don't know, 1/16 of an inch or 1/8 of an inch, uh, diameter. So, it's nothing major but it's something that gets stuck in there and I just feel like, uh, you know, when you have something and you wanna, what's the proper word, uh, go like this and get it. Yes. Yes. Uh, and it's not, uh, it doesn't come out easy every time.
Nurse: Got you. Ok. Ok. Well, listen, if you start noticing any, you know, pain with swallowing or if you notice that the food is getting more stuck more often than not or anything like that, then, you know, just reach out and let us
Patient: Know. Ok. Yeah. Now, are you the, are you the new, uh, nurse that is gonna be calling me on a monthly basis or?
Nurse: Well, actually, um, uh, [PHI-Personal] is the one that normally calls you, but she was out of the office and wanted me to follow up with you. So I just wanted to reach out and make sure, you know, you were ok and see how things were and it looks like you had, um, a referral over to the G I doctor. So I wanted to see if there was anything that you needed assistance with on that or were you able to follow up?
Patient: You know, I don't, I don't know that I need to, I know Doctor [PHI-Personal], uh, whenever, you know, I bring something up, he'll, uh, he'll wanna refer me to somebody. Uh, I am seeing a gastrologist, uh, you know, for, um, some liver issues. Ok. But I don't think I need to and you know, we're doing some things and uh maybe I have some tests coming up in three or four months. Uh but I don't think that I really need to see somebody for this, this swallowing thing. I got you that that I think that's where Doctor [PHI-Personal] was coming from uh for that particular reason.
Nurse: Ok, I got you dear. Well listen the referral is there so you know if you need it in the future just you know, it's there for you for you. Good for one year. So you just never know, you know, better, better to have it than and not need it than need it and not have it. So let's just keep it in place for now when you know, refer to it in the future if you need it. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Alright. Ok, good. Um let me ask you a question that you may or may not uh have the answer for me. Um uh I've been seeing a urologist for what 10, 11 years since I've been here. And, uh, the last, when I saw him, he gave me an order for, uh, for a PS A test which I did submitted and I had an appointment with him last, I think it was last week and everything we went fine. What I noticed was, it looks like that group is now part of the Tampa General because, uh, the, the, all the results and everything else are showing up under my chart with Tampa General. Do you know if uh, well, his name is uh James [PHI-Geographic]. He's a urologist with the Tampa Bay Urology Group. Are they now part of the Tapa General group?
Nurse: I think there may be some um some consuming going on in the process, you know. Uh thtgh is always um partnering and consuming. So that could very well be true. Yeah, but I do see Doctor [PHI-Geographic] that you were uh seeing over at [PHI-Geographic].
Patient: Right. Right. Yeah. And then it, it uh his, the, the results and everything else are showing up in my chart which in the past they had never been.
Nurse: Yeah. And then also um clinics are getting more sophisticated with being able to loop all of the patients health care records into one because they're using the same systems now. So that could also be it.
Patient: Ok. Ok. Well, they can make the health care simpler. Yeah. Right. Right. Ok. Alright,
Nurse: Dear. Well, if there's anything you need in the meantime, you give us a call. Ok. Ok. Well,
Patient: Thank you for calling.
Nurse: It's a pleasure. My pleasure. Take it easy now. Bye bye.
