Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal]. Hi,
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. I tried but you couldn't hear me.
Nurse: I know, I, I, when I, when I called your cell, I'm like, ok, I'm gonna try the home phone and then you must have called back. Um, yeah, actually I was on the phone call, I was on another call with the patient for a while. So I wanted to give you a call back and I saw you had called me. Yes, I did receive a phone call back from one of the nurses at Doctor [PHI-Personal] office and she said [PHI-Personal] Be, which is one of the ps did write for the script that it was ok for the pa for Bill to have physical therapy and occupational therapy. Yes. Um yeah, so they should fold that they were calling, they should get that. Let me, I was just gonna listen to the message real quick again. If you just bear with me
Patient: To see, I will bear with you as long as I need
Nurse: To. Ok, let me turn this up and listen here. Ok. I just wanted to confirm, I didn't miss anything. I listened to that real quick and then another patient was calling. Um So yeah, she, did you hear that message at all?
Patient: No, I couldn't hear you. I hear that at all. No.
Nurse: Ok. So pretty much what I said, the doctor said it was ok. They sent the script over. Um I did let them know that you um that Folds is where he had originally went. Um And you know, they couldn't do anything because, you know, the order was originally for ot and they didn't wanna do anything PPT wise since he was POSTOP until it was cleared by the surgeon. So by the sound of her message, it sounds like they sent that over to fold. So they should be getting it. You, they did
Patient: Send it to fold, I to fold and they didn't have it.
Nurse: Ok. So that was that message was an hour ago.
Patient: Um Well, let me see. Um I heard from [PHI-Personal] at Van about 45 minutes ago.
Nurse: Ok. So let me,
Patient: Let me see. And then I called Folds and they said they would call, but usually the doctor sends it to them for as directed by the patient.
Nurse: Ok. So fold is open until five. I'm gonna give them a call. I'm gonna let them know um you know what the message from the nurse from. Um So orthopedic said to me, she provided me with a call back number if there's any questions or concerns. So I will give that to in case they don't receive that um script with, you know, at least by sometime tomorrow morning, then they can contact um some orthopedic with this direct number that the nurse provided with me so that they can get that script faxed over so he can get scheduled for his initial therapy appointment. All right. All right. So we will do that. I will call them. Um If you have any questions, call my number tomorrow, all of this will be documented um in those charts. So, you know, [PHI-Personal] can look into that. Um I'll actually just send [PHI-Personal] a quick message too, just kind of letting her know what's going on in case you do have to reach out for any reason. Um And then if it's ok with you, um I'm just gonna touch base with, with you again on Friday just to make sure it's fine by me. Ok? All right, I'll touch base just to make sure everything has been straightened out. He wants he's at least scheduled for an appointment and things are rolling the way they should be finally.
Patient: Thank you. Yes. Thank you. Thank you so very
Nurse: Much. Oh, you're welcome, Karen. Um Is there anything else I can help you with right now? Not right now. Ok. I'll give fold a call and we will take it from there. I appreciate your help. Thank you so much. Uh huh. Take care. You too. Bye bye.
