Nurse: Hello, this is
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal] F ing. You had tried to reach me?
Nurse: I did. Ok, let me pull you up real quick. Ok, [PHI-Personal]. So it looks like I tried to call you because it looks like you might be eligible for dr [PHI-Personal] program. And so what that is is a nurse that'll be able to give you a call to see how you're doing. She answers any questions, helps refill prescriptions. She'll address any issues you're having and she could also help with appointments and lab work, things like that. Ok. The program, it helps keep the doctors updated and it avoids emergency room visits and all the calls that we don't,
Patient: We don't want any of
Nurse: Those. That's right. And all the calls the nurse makes are documented and sent to the doctor for review. They are treated, treated as a billable service to Medicare, Medicare Advantage plans and secondary insurance carriers. And they're also subject to deductibles, co insurance and co pays. So I have here you have United Healthcare Medicare Advantage with a $5 copay. Is that still correct? That's correct. And do you prefer morning or afternoon? Phone calls from the nurse
Patient: Typically afternoon and I need to be made aware ahead of time of what the phone number is that they're gonna call from because I basically have a program set on the phone that anything it doesn't recognize doesn't get answered.
Nurse: Huh? So, it should come up. Exactly.
Patient: All those people that, uh, you know, wanna give me my car maintenance insurance. I don't even
Nurse: Talk. Oh, yes, me neither. Ok, let me pull up a phone number for you and that phone number would be uh it should be [PHI-Account] [PHI-Account] [PHI-Account]. Ok. Ok, that and it should come up the same as my call did. Oh, all right, perfect. Ok. All right. And then are you still at the [PHI-Geographic], Acre Branch acre [PHI-Geographic]? Get tongue tied there. All right. So I'll also send you out a letter. It'll have all that information on it plus a phone number to call in to the nurse if you need to. And then your first phone call from the nurse should be within a week or so. Ok.
Patient: And how often do they
Nurse: Call? And that's a once a month phone around the once a month phone call. Ok. Alright. Alright. Alright. Well, [PHI-Personal], that's all I need for today. Thanks for calling me back.
Patient: Thank you so much for your help. Have
Nurse: A great day. You're welcome. Bye bye bye.
