Nurse: This is [PHI-Personal]. Can I help you?
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Oh, yes, hi. How are you
Patient: Today? Hey, I'm good today. Well, I'm not so sure I had problems on my television in my kitchen. Um, I've been on the line for over two hours with them and then I called about my bill because they went up on that and then, right. Yeah, then they switched to me some, excuse me to somebody else anyway, it ended up over two hours. Oh, I, oh,
Nurse: I know. Last month you were just telling me how you're, it kept not working in your living room and they had to keep coming out and fixing it for you. So, now you have another issue with the, with the, the TV, this
Patient: Month TV box. I wanted to share with them about the box it's on underneath it and they, um, finally, um, ran, um, um, check on it and found out that that is what the problem is. They keep me to pull out the wall and see if it turns or turns on. And so I said that does happen and I said it work but I just said, I don't feel that I have to have a TV, that I have to pull the plug every morning to, back in. You know. So they're coming on Thursday.
Nurse: Oh, my goodness. Well, did, did you have a good holiday? I
Patient: Did, I had a real nice holiday. I went to my daughter's who lives in Beon and, uh, it was just family but, um, uh, her son and his wife and little girl, they were there and she's just a little doll baby. Um, and, uh, you know, it's just, she was so cute and, and I don't get to see her very often. And, uh, so it was really great for me and, and then, um, I was there for a couple of days and of course, you know, I have my cat so I wanted to get back home and take care of him. Then I went up for New Years just for the day and that was real nice. So now I'm back home and trying to get my problems solved. So, anyway, I, I, I've been fooling around with the TV. What, like I say, you probably if you program it in on the wall and stuff, take it out and electric like that, I can get it to work and rather to fool with them, I was doing that because I was here and then I was gone. And then like you called me yesterday, I wasn't here until didn't get back to five o'clock. So I knew you probably gone. So, anyway, um, and then I actually called the company and I worked this morning with them on that and, uh, so, um, I am, uh, had, had put all these, this TV thing to back burner, I guess. And, um, got, ran around, did all my running around and things that I had going on at the Y, I go to the Y first. So her sneakers and, uh, we had a Christmas party for the instructors and it was really nice. So Christmas was nice.
Nurse: Good, good. Yeah. So it was nice to get
Patient: Back and remember your birthday?
Nurse: He did. He surprised me. And so for that I get the day off, uh for my birthday paid. That's how they do. You know, they, they give us the day off. So he surprised me and took the day off of work himself too because it was on a Tuesday and we did the usual. I went to the BMV and got my license renewed and my sticker. Uh, and then he took me to the pet store to get some new toys for our dog because we get him presents every year for Christmas. We're just silly like that. And then, uh um, he surprised me by stopping at a jewelry store and I said, what are we doing here? And he said, well, let's just go in. So we went in and the lady was like, what can I help you with? And I said, I don't know. And, uh, he said, said to her whatever she wants. And I said, boy, I said that's kind of dangerous. I said you should rethink that one. but just a, a little history. My husband has only ever bought me my engagement ring and wedding band. When, you know, back when we first got married, he's not a jewelry, flowers type of person. Um, but he bought me a beautiful diamond, uh, ring anniversary band to go with my sets. So I was very tickled. Yes. Yes.
Patient: Nice. Yes. He
Nurse: Said, yes. He said, you know, all these years you put up with getting birthday presents and Christmas paper and, you know, people saying, well, this is your birthday and Christmas present. He's like, so I just wanted to make it over the top this year. So. Oh, no, it's really nice. Had a nice time.
Patient: Yeah.
Nurse: And Christmas, everybody stayed healthy. Everyone that you were around us or?
Patient: Uh huh. Yes. Well, now they're sick. Uh, excuse me, my son in law, he, um, that my family's just retired. My daughter just retired in [PHI-Personal] and my son in law, he's been retired. He's, um, [PHI-Personal] years older than she is. So, he's been retired. But anyway, um, where was I going with this? Um, he's not feeling well now. Yeah. His son, his, um, brother, my son in law's brother, uh, he was taking all the night aches. That's their last name, the family name to, um, a spaghetti, uh, restaurant in. And, um, mm, so, and I was invited, I'm always invited to their things and, uh, I was invited and he was going to pick me up and take me up there because it's, um, like a, a half hour from here and nobody had to come, everybody's up that way in our family closely. And so he was gonna pick me up so nobody had to come down to get me. And, uh, so the rest, um, someone, um, they called and said, but someone in their family passed away and they'd have to close so they couldn't do the party. So we closed, he closed. And so then he rescheduled and then the next time, um, here during all that rain we had up here, some pipes broke and the water all over the restaurant couldn't have it at night. Yeah. So then, um, he said, uh, he was gonna have it down here in Port and, um, it had a special, uh, night, uh, reserve and, excuse me. And, uh, so, um, my daughter told me when it was and they, he'd be picking me up and stuff. Although we didn't have as far to go. We're gonna do it right here in Port. So, um, well, um, before that happened, um, my daughter called and she said no party. Uh, [PHI-Personal] has, um, COVID and he, and he's really sick. He can't go. Oh, goodness. Well, it's been canceled. So I, I think it's not gonna happen. Oh, isn't that something?
Nurse: Yes. Oh, I, I know it, it seems like the type a flu is really going around right now. Um, so that's why I, yes, that's why I asked if you were able to make it through the ha holidays without, you know, catching an illness because, yeah, with the COVID and, you know, flu, we're just seeing a lot of patients with the congestion and the cough and fever. So I just wanted to make sure you were able to stay healthy and weren't around anyone that ended up, you know, coming down with anything. So,
Patient: So I'm glad to hear that. Um, she usually has my grandson and her son and his wife and little girl for Sunday. And I said, well, did the kids come up on Sunday? And she said, no, the wife has COVID. So they didn't come. And I said, oh, I hope that [PHI-Personal] doesn't get it. And, uh, she, she didn't know, she said, I don't know whether she did or not, but she's only one going on too. And, uh, she just walks all over. She's so she was seeing her walking around, you know, picking up, she came over to me and put her hands up and wanted me to hold her and I, yeah, it was so precious. I picked her up and held her, but it didn't last long. She scooted down off. She went. But, yeah. And uh, but no, fortunately I've been ok. I, and uh, the only thing I have a problem with there is constipation. I, uh I was up there to my daughter's and she gave me sora and potatoes to come home with and, um, now I, I just had a coughing spell. So I guess this is the after effects. I was
Nurse: Gonna say, I think it's the after effect. Yes.
Patient: Yeah. Um, so I had the sauerkraut and they always say sauerkraut really works the opposite direction. Yeah. But, um, I got constipated and I didn't go hardly at all for a couple of days and I thought, oh my gosh, what's going on? And, um, and finally I bet four or five days I didn't go and I drank a lot of water and I, I, uh, took medicine pills and, uh, stuff like that. But, um, I just wasn't going and finally I, I did go, I, um, I, the water must have worked, I tried to drink a lot of water and, um, but when you have a problem like that, what are some suggestions to do?
Nurse: So you, you do take a fiber too daily, right? That's true.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. OK.
Nurse: And like you said, drinking plenty of fluids is a good way to help with constipation. Staying active so that the movement helps our bowels, you know, to move, um, having a hot beverage with breakfast. Can help to get our bowels moving for the day. Um, so if you're, if, if you're not a coffee drinker, you could like, warm up your juice or have, you know, tea, something warm to help get those bowels going. They say
Patient: You should do that first. Yeah. Before you eat anything. Yeah. Does that matter or not?
Nurse: Uh, you can do it? Uh, I would do it. Yes. Before, um, your breakfast, you know, if you sit down to watch the news or anything like that. Um, but then of course the fiber, you know, taking that fiber every day too is a good way and then, you know, making sure, you know, you can add in, you know, wheat brand and whole grains and stuff to your diet, eating oatmeal and things like that. Um, but I'm surprised because usually gassy foods like cabbage, like you said, sometimes will cause us to have loose stools, um, with the bloating and the gas. So, I am surprised to hear that you had constipation with that.
Patient: Yeah, everybody says that, you know, but boy, I, I felt it was that because that's what I ate the most of. Ok. Um, it just kind of upset me for, um, day a whole week. I was struggling and, uh, so, and I almost called you.
Nurse: Well, no, definitely when you feel that way. And you know, another good thing you could do is, have you ever tried Miralax that comes in a powder form and you add it to like eight ounces of water or you can put it in your juice, a cold beverage and you can drink that once a day and it's like, it's a stool softener, but it helps to get your bowels moving as well. So, if you would, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The next time, you know, you feel like you're starting to get backed up, I would take a, a stool softener rather than a laxative because the stool softener is, is easier on your system. Um, so, yeah, I would definitely keep, uh, stool softener or Miralax. Miralax. You can get it over the counter, uh, at the pharmacy. Yeah, I would give that a try and continue with the fiber because that, that's an excellent source for you, uh, and just make sure you're drinking plenty of water and with you going to silver sneakers and I know you're a very active woman ster. So I don't think it's due to, you know, sitting sedentary all day. I think it's more of what you had to eat that maybe caused your system
Patient: To be off anyway because that's all I had. And, uh, but I did that, my one girlfriend that I have, she said to me that about taking the hot coffee in the morning and no, um, food yet. Um, you know, do that first and I tried it and it, that kind of did and I tried it the next day and it's like, almost saying, hey, you tried that yesterday and I doing it today work. So that would have soup on that. But, uh, I, you know, I have stool softeners too. Uh, ok. Take them and keep kind of up on it with that. But
Nurse: Yes, and then maybe the next time you pick up your prescriptions at the pharmacy, I would get some Miralax just to keep at home for those, you know, instances where you might experience it again. And like I said, it's just easier on your system rather than taking a laxative or, you know, anything like that. It's, it doesn't, you know, work immediately. So you don't have to stay close to a restroom. Um,
Patient: Good because, yeah, at one time the doctor gave, I a long time ago I had a problem and the doctor gave me, it was like S LES S less or, or something like that. Oh, my heavens. It was a, you didn't go anywhere in the morning, nowhere you were in the bathroom all morning. It was terrible. And I called him and I said, I, I can't take this. I said you don't move anywhere but the bathroom and I said, I, um, I was doing things at the time too that I had to go and I couldn't go and, uh, out. I mean, and, uh, it, I just stopped them. I, it was like there's something like the Les SE or something. Ok. And, uh, it was too much for me. And so I didn't take that anymore. I suggestions.
Nurse: Yes. It's, uh, you went from one extreme, right to the next extreme, which is just as bad as being constipated. Oh, goodness. Yes. And it is the first of the year. So, uh, I had, you have to verify address and insurance with every patient. Um, you're still at 1200, Pine Street. Yes. Ok. And then you still have the singer gold.
Patient: Yes, I do. Ok.
Nurse: Ok. And then I will um it's that time of the year where we go through your wellness goals to see what you're gonna be due for in the new year. So I will go through your chart just to see what you're gonna be due for in 2023. And I will put that list together for you, for example, your flu vaccine, your annual Wellness exam, any lab work. Um and I will let you know you did complete everything last year. So you did a great job at staying on top of everything and you have singer. So you get, do you get like a flex card or something for completing?
Patient: Yes. Ok. Good, good. Even uh even last year, I don't know if it'll happen. I think I saw it on one of my papers and I wanted to refer back to that and check it for sure. Uh They sent me a card for $40 at Walmart. Yes.
Nurse: I think that's wonderful. I think more insurance companies should do that to give incentive to patients to better manage their health because the better you manage your health, the less cost you are to your insurance company. So, I, I think all insurance should do that. And I think that's a wonderful, it's just a wonderful program. So good for you for completing everything. Yes.
Patient: And when, when you had to wear your scarf across your face, they sent, uh, um, everybody in their, um, or their patients and things, they send them all a, um, a mask to wear across your face and stuff so that, you know, they, they, uh, right on the ball with some of the things that are happening. Yes. Yeah. Well, good. It
Nurse: Sounds like singer. Must be a good company because that's the one I hear the most from patients, you know, talking about the rewards and, you know, all the different things that they go above and beyond for. So, I'm glad to hear that.
Patient: Uh huh. They even, um, when I got my hearing aids, uh, I went to this one, place in South here and, uh, for New hearing aids and there was a man who was a doctor there at the time and he suggested the one kind that I got and I really like them, but I was having problems with them that they weren't staying in my ear when you would press on them, they would be right in the canal that should be in, as soon as you took your finger off, they kind of got relaxed and kind of left that area. So I've had them for probably, oh, maybe a year and a half or something like that. But anyway, um, I go every [PHI-Personal] months and, uh, so anyway, that doctor is no longer there but the lady who owns the business, she's a doctor and she's there. I really like her. And, um, mm, so anyway, she, they took and put a wire, a thin wire somehow through the hearing aid on the end and then they have you put that in your ear and leave it in there for the day and that kind of molds to the shape of your ear. And, um, she did that for me. Uh, in fact, I went over last week and she did that and, uh, she was going, she's getting this, this tin out and she was going to have to clean my ear out and everything she said your ears are as clean as a whistle. She said, I don't need to clean them. She's, but I'm gonna fix the ear rings. So they, or the hearing aids that they don't do what you said. So she did and she hooked them in there kind, this wire kind of comes the ear hearing aid fits in the ear and then the wire kinds up towards more or less like the outside of the ear. It doesn't go and stay in the ear. Well, it does to, towards, uh, once it gets molded it will, but that has to get molded to the inside of your ear. Well, I'll tell you, it has made the biggest change in my hearing. Um, I don't have a pro now. I don't have men now, but I, I don't have a big problem with hearing. I don't think I do. My family says I do. But, um, but, um, I didn't think I did but she got me all fixed up and I'm telling you it made the biggest difference and she gave me a two week appointment so that I could come back if I had problems. If I don't have any problems, I don't need to go back until my, for my [PHI-Personal] months. You know, but honestly they got on to, that was singer, um, said when I got those, I had to pay 500 for each year. I forget what that was about. That wasn't for the hearing aid. That was for some something, but the hearing aids were $6000. They gonna knock on wood. Now, this is probably gonna happen because I'm talking about it. They have not charged me for the $6000. I was supposed to pay the 500 each year. I haven't done that. I've been charged for them nor have I been charged for the 6000. So I don't know. But your insurance or not.
Nurse: Yeah, your insurance must have covered the whole cost of those then.
Patient: Uh huh. I'm not saying that's amazing.
Nurse: No. No,
Patient: I'm not saying a word to him. If it's not gonna happen, I love it. But if it is, it is. But, uh, yeah. Um, I thought, oh, my [PHI-Personal]. But that's gonna be expensive, you know, and that is expensive. Yes. Oh, my [PHI-Personal]. They just charge terrible for hearing aids, hearing
Nurse: Aids and dentures, dentures are very expensive too. I, I have a lot of patients that have hard time covering the cost of dentures and they
Patient: Handle that too. They handle, um, your dental. Uh huh.
Nurse: Perfect. Well, good. Well, I'm
Patient: Glad to hear. Yeah, I got a good outfit and with singer and I would say so. Yeah, I'm not, I, um, I do have a $35 copay. I don't like that but I, my, even my bill [PHI-Personal] during the month is only, was $38 and this month that was 34. Oh, that's not bad for health insurance. No,
Nurse: Not bad at all. Oh, that's, that's amazing because I know right now the cost of everything going up. Um, I'm glad to hear that the cost of your insurance isn't anything that's, you know, gonna affect you in any
Patient: Way. So that's good to have, um, uh, one of the, one of the, um, favorite ones. I don't even remember the name of it through, um, the hospital and stuff. Oh, my gosh. It took a hike to, went from one to up to 200 then the next season it would go up again and that's why I got out of it and got guy singer and, um, I have not been sorry for it at all. Good. I'm coming along. Yeah. But, uh, so that's, that's that. But, uh, uh, and when I go, usually, um, I don't have any, I don't pay any money at the hearing aid place. When I do uh leave, there's, they don't give me a charge, they don't give me a cost. Um I walk out the door so, and it's probably paid for by singer.
Nurse: Yes, that's wonderful. I'm glad to hear that. That's amazing.
Patient: Really nice. Any of your patients complain about that they should check in and ing or
Nurse: Yes, I'll have to, I'll have to, you know, mention that to anyone that's looking for new insurance for later this year to let them know. Um, but yes, and I'll have to remember that that wire thing for the hearing aids too for I, I know I've spoke with patients before who've complained about their hearing aids, not fitting correctly. So I will mention that to them, you know, to see if the kind that they have is the same kind, you know, that they can do that wire that, you know, move to the, to your ear to,
Patient: You know, the canal or whatever of your ear and honestly you just, you, I used to be afraid I'd lose them too. Mhm. And
Nurse: They're so expensive. You don't want to lose them. No,
Patient: That's right. But boy, these fit right in there and I can do it myself and, um, I, I'm not worried about them, you know, coming out and, uh, so it's, it's a help. Well, good. Make you feel ok about it. Oh,
Nurse: Good. And any time you have any issues like you did with the constipation a week ago, don't hesitate to reach out to me. That's what I'm here for to help you with any questions or concerns. Um, and I will go ahead and get that letter out in the mail to you today for your wellness goal. But keep that in mind the next time you happen to run to the pharmacy, just get you some Miralax. So that way you can have some and make sure you have the stool softener too and make sure it's still in date because that's a medication we don't typically use. So if we leave it in our medicine cabinet, sometimes it goes bad before we use it all. So just check the date on that too and if you need to get a new, a new, a new medication for that too. Ok.
Patient: Ok. It sounds good. Yes.
Nurse: Oh, you're welcome. And I appreciate you giving me a call back. I always look forward to our calls and like I said, don't hesitate to reach out to me and then I will reach out to you next month. I'll give you a call after your appointment with doctor. So that way if you have any questions about that appointment, we can go over it together. Ok. All right. Yep, we'll see you. You're welcome. We'll see you in the office on the seventh at 10 45. Ok.
Patient: Thank you.
Nurse: All right, thanks, sir. Have a good day. You too. Thank you. Bye bye.
