Nurse: Hi, good afternoon. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal] calling.
Nurse: Hi, [PHI-Personal], how are you doing?
Patient: I'm doing fine. I apologize for the phone tag.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, me too, sir. But, um, I'm glad you called me back back and I'm glad we're able to connect this time. So, um, if you don't mind just telling me your full name and your date of birth for [PHI-Personal].
Patient: [PHI-Personal] Steven Millican with a Ph and date of birth is [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Ok. And so the reason I called you the other day, sir was to, um, go over the nursing part of the chronic care management program that you were enrolled in. Thank you. Ok. And so, um, basically I'm gonna be your nurse that's calling for doctor to check on you every month. And, um, the number you have for me, of course, you can reach me at, in between our calls. I'm gonna be working Monday through Friday from 8 to 4 30. Um, I can help you with scheduling your appointments, your medication refills have do if you have any new concerns that you need doctor to be aware of. I can take care of that and, uh, any community resources that you need. Um, and that could be things like transportation to your medical appointments if you need caregiver assistance, that kind of thing. And, um, and then regarding your appointments and your medications, it doesn't just have to be with doctor [PHI-Personal]. If you have any specialist you need my help with on that front, then I can help you with that as well.
Patient: You know, right now I have a smile on my face. I really do appreciate what you just said. Ok, good. This is really gonna help me because I, I, I'm on um my chart but sometimes they changed their formats and trying to navigate through that sometimes gets a little frustrating. So sometimes I just don't communicate exactly what I need to say. And besides, you can't really personalize text messaging. Yes. So it, so I do appreciate this what you, what you are offering as far as the service for general.
Nurse: Well, good. And uh yeah, and basically it's a program that [PHI-Personal] created and the, the reason for it was to keep patients in contact with their doctors in between their office visits and to cut down on hospitalizations, which they have. I believe this program has been up and running for five years now. So they have a lot of evidence that it's working.
Patient: That's great.
Nurse: Yep. It sure is. I enjoy it. And uh I'm glad you're excited about it. Now, do you have a moment to go over your medications. Doctor [PHI-Personal] likes us to review the patient's medications during the first call. Certainly. Ok. I'm gonna pull those up now. Um, yes, we got a lot of, um, medications that came in from, uh, another health system Adventist. Um, and so they may already be in your regular profile. Um, but I'm just gonna run through those real quick and then we'll pick up on the regular profile. So we have a, um, NovoLOG insulin, uh, three times a day before meals.
Patient: Correct? I don't take that insulin the way the doctor had instructed me. Um, I, I can tell you what I do take, um, and I take it, uh, NovoLOG in the morning, at least 12 units after checking my sugar level in the mornings, my sugar level is the best. It ranges the lowest it's ever been lately. It's been about 11 71 80 in the mornings and that's after. Um, so getting ready to go to work and I'm supposed to be at work at six o'clock. Yeah, I take, um, 12 to 14 units of NovoLOG. I do not take eir because to my knowledge through taking it and not taking it, I feel sluggish at work and right, right now my work is priority. I somehow or another. I got it in my head and I got to pay my bill and, uh, that's priority. So, if something, if I feel it's not working the way it should be working, preventing me from doing my job. I step away from it, but that doesn't mean I don't forget about it at lunch time. I don't take a shot of nor, nor, um, that's my fault. But in that when I get home, we usually get home about two or three o'clock, I check my sugar level. Then I give myself an injection roughly about 12 mg, 12 units of NovoLOG at that time. Then when dinner time comes before it's time to go bad. That's when my sugar level would be the highest. It's ranged from 2 50 to al covers just under 300. Mhm 1 time it was 400 based on that uh either take up to 18 units of NovoLOG. Then I take 20 units of Levemir. I know that that is not what I'm supposed to be doing. And I believe that they taking that high amount of insulin to my knowledge in the afternoon allows my sugar level to come glucose, come down for the morning. I've al I've also had an issue with trying to take time effort. I had to buy strips and go through all that pricking my finger and all that jazz. Um The doctor was very nice enough to give me a script for NovoLOG. I mean liberate freestyle and I um I pursued it but the insurance go pharmacy, [PHI-Personal] says that the insurance won't take it blah, blah blah, needs second verification for it, blah, blah, blah. It's been about six months still doing this. Now, when you called me earlier today, I was talking to him on the phone, I talked to Medicaid, the representative and she told me clearly that, that it the liberate freestyle and [PHI-Personal] G six is covered under their plan. However, the um insu the [PHI-Personal] says it's covered under their plan if you're a certain age, but since I've exceeded that age limit is not covered. So I explained that to my insurance and she said she's gonna look into that and find out what the problem is other than that, if, if I can't, if it's too much.
Nurse: No, I'm go ahead, I'm listening because these are important things. I don't blame you. I wouldn't want to be sticking my finger every day if I could get this. You go right ahead.
Patient: Um, I have a tendency to make people go to sleep. I have a unique way of making people go fall asleep.
Nurse: I'm not, I'm definitely not, I'm listening.
Patient: So, um, so if that, if the insurance won't cover it, evidently [PHI-Personal] has a coupon or something. However, it's gonna, I'm gonna have to come out of pocket for that. Um, for [PHI-Personal] readers originally, I thought it was gonna be about 100 and $50 but today they told me it was gonna be about 74. Well, that's doable since I'm working and I got, you know, whatever I can't expect to get everything free, you know. Anyway, so I had plan B but um if the insurance company says they'll cover it and [PHI-Personal] says they won't. So, yeah, I think the lines are just being crossed. So the goal here is still trying to get the freestyle.
Nurse: Ok. Um I will also send a message to someone that helps us with um finding resources to cover cost of prescriptions and this would be one to and see if they could come up with any uh suggestions for the I
Patient: Got this type of results from sending a text to the doctor's office. So right now,
Nurse: Well, that's because they're so busy. I say I don't, I work remotely for the office. I don't work in the office and that's why. Mm mm I have more time to focus on the patient and not all the other stuff that goes on in the office.
Patient: Bye and they definitely do have their hands full, that's for sure. I certainly understand that.
Nurse: Ok, so back to the Levemir. So at first I thought you said no, you're not taking it because it makes you feel sluggish. But now um I just want to clarify that you said you do take about 20 units of that at night.
Patient: Yes, there have been some days when I would get home. I would go on and take oh um 20 units. So that would make 40 units. Um the doctor told me that he wanted me to take 20 in the morning, skip the after lunchtime, then get, take 20 in at dinner time. So, basically, what I'm doing is at lunch time, I'm taking 20 dinner, I'm taking 20. So I'm not sure if that has any, has, basically I'm not taking it the way he prescribed. Mhm.
Nurse: So, you know that I have to, um, say that that's not the way we wanna do for sure. We want to take medication the way the doctor prescribed. But who is prescribing your insulin for you? Is it doctor [PHI-Personal]?
Patient: Yes. To my knowledge. Yes.
Nurse: Ok. I do see good day by the NovoLOG. So you don't see like an endocrinologist or anybody else managing your blood sugars, correct. Correct? Ok. Perfect.
Patient: Maybe perhaps to be something that you could assist me because when they tell me to do something, sometimes navigating through it can be difficult and um I just don't end up not doing it. If I had somebody that could help me with this, that would be great.
Nurse: Mhm. Ok. And the Levemir see, I've got the Levemir on here but that has literally no directions with it. Um So who did you get the Levemir from? I don't see that on Doctor [PHI-Personal] medication list. It's coming in from, I think it was
Patient: From a previous physician. This started in about [PHI-Account]. I went to the location on and um
Nurse: I see. Ok. And I think it was, that's exactly what it says. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Are you, is there? I know there's different types of insulin and that raises the question is the insulin I'm on the best for me, by you saying what you just said indicates that possibly there might be an alternative that may work better for me. That I don't know.
Nurse: So, I think if, um, you're having symptoms where you don't feel well at work because you cook the Levemir, that's something the doctor needs to know about it. Um, also I know from the experience with working with Doctor [PHI-Personal], which I haven't been that long, but, um, sometimes he will refer a patient to work with the pharmacy care manager as well as us because when it gets down to like managing insulin and that kind of thing. So I don't know if that's something he will do, but, uh, I feel for sure he will and you may find that to be helpful as well. Yes. Ok. So here we go. So we got alcohol pads and of course, we know why because you're checking your blood sugars. Then we have a uh, amitriptyline 10 mg at night and then it, or it says three tablets at night.
Patient: Mhm. I don't take that, that was for my ocular migraine. And I talked, uh with the neurologist and she said you can decrease the dosage and come off of that medication. Um, that was during a time when I had cluster headaches and it was affecting my vision. So it appears that things for a period of time, things were OK. And I got approval from the physician. So I stopped taking that.
Nurse: OK. And then somebody did update this back in [PHI-Personal]. It looks like they said it was just taken as needed. So you have, you even had to take it since [PHI-Personal]?
Patient: Um No. Um it is, it appears that knock on wood, everything seems to be ok. Now, um, there's a few times that my vision would be [PHI-Personal] and that would, I suspect that's because my BP was a little too high or maybe my sugar level. But when I would take my insulin shot and take my BP medicine, I can get a little sleep, the vision would be ok.
Nurse: I see. Ok. Well, I'm just gonna click not taking. And then we have your, um, needle, your pen needles, um, for your insulin. Now, we have a Bilberry Oral one tablet by mouth daily
Patient: That, um, there are supplements that's not prescribed from the doctor that I do take. I find that Bilberry works very well for me. Um, with my vision at night, especially going to work in the mornings, I could see much better. I got everything. I kind of looked on Google when I first discovered Bilberry was during World War Two. According to Google, that the British pilots way would come back and they would eat bilberry jam and they would go on a bombing mission and they would all report it that their vision at night time was better. And, uh, that's, that's how bilberry came about. It's not blueberry bilberry. It's a British. It's a, something that grows in Britain, uh, something of the sort. So I started on a regimen of taking bilberry in the morning and afternoon and surprising enough, it helps, it really does. It's not all in my head. It actually does help my vision. I can see much better as far as in the with headlights shining in your face or the brightness of the sun and going into a dark room. My vision, it, it is very beneficial. It's, it doesn't cost anything, but nevertheless, there it is
Nurse: Cool. Never heard of it. So, thank you for the education on that. And, um, what about this lubricant eye gel to the right eye twice a day as needed?
Patient: Well, I don't have vision in my right eye. Um, I guess it was [PHI-Personal]. I found that I had [PHI-Personal] and my sister took the vision in my eye. Penicillin. I had penicillin drip for 14 days and I, um, [PHI-Personal], I got rid of the [PHI-Personal], but unfortunately, there was damage to my eye and I could, um, so the I would hurt. Yeah, there's some, there's issues with my right eye. But, um, by what the doctor prescribed at us f that, um, medication as needed. I don't take the drips every day. I pretty much live up. Just go. It's, I do appreciate drops when I do need them. But for the most part I really don't use them because there's not a problem. Now, there was one day, I'll be totally honest with you. I hurt, I must have cut my eye and there's a little cut, it's never really healed on my eye. And when I sleep on my right side, I put pressure on my eye. It would, uh, sometimes when I wake up, my eye would water and tear and it would hurt all day. One point. It got so bad that, um, I had to do something, uh, for about five days it was miserable.
Nurse: Mhm. So,
Patient: Um, so I did something I thought to myself, you know, I had, um, what do you call this stuff that you put on your gums or oral gel with menthol in it? And I, uh, I understand. But what? But, but I took the gel and put in my eye. It, it was very discomforting. But after with, in a minute, the pain on my eye went away and I slept all. I know that stuff worked. If you could just take the pain for the first less minute of alcohol in there. Now you're laughing. But, you know, when you pushed in the corner, you have to make, be resourceful.
Nurse: Well, that's true. That's true. Ok. Another interesting story there. I don't recommend doing that, but I understand, you
Patient: Know, in the military they have all the soldiers are issued a little bottle of Tabasco sauce. You know, that's not because they wanna season their food when they have to stay in guard. They had to put a drop of Tabasco salt in their eyes because Tabas sauce drop in your eye would keep your eyelid from closing. So, because when you get really sleepy and you wanna go to sleep, the first thing you do is your eye wants to close by putting the Tabasco salt in it. It keeps your eye from closing and you can, even though you may stand there asleep, your eye will be open on garden.
Nurse: Wow. No, didn't know that. OK.
Patient: It's [PHI-Personal]
Nurse: Three. It is. All right. What about the next medication? Carvedilol? Um [PHI-Personal] mg. Take one and one half tablets by mouth twice a day.
Patient: Yes, I'm doing that. Um I noticed that if I do not take it, if I, I forget to take it, I notice my heart. I get a little flushed. OK? When I take it and within the hour I start to feel butterfly. I think. I um but yes, I do take that
Nurse: Good. All right. That's 200 that's [PHI-Personal] 1 tablet daily.
Patient: And I do take
Nurse: That. OK? And then the Finasteride or Proscar five mg daily I take with or without food. Ok.
Patient: Um, but I've run out of scripts for that and I have not been taking that for, since [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Why? Just because you didn't have a prescription?
Patient: Yes, because somehow, no, the pharmacist said the doctor did not, it was an old script and the doctor did not renew it. So [PHI-Personal] didn't pursue it. So I left it the way it was. [PHI-Personal] puts in a request for my medications for the doctor and since the doctor did not approve it, I, I'm not taking it.
Nurse: Ok. So I can ask him about that one. Do you still need it? So you haven't taken it since when,
Patient: Um, since [PHI-Personal] I guess, because I called to ask because sometimes it's difficult to urinate and then, you know, it's, even though it's a slow acting, it will, um, it takes a little time for it to build up, things are better. But I found, now I'm being totally honest with you, what I found is if I drink, uh, if I have difficulty in urinating, I will take, um, the night before I measure everything out. I just don't drink a glass of alcohol for no reason. I measure everything out. And I, if I drink some rum, um, especially, I guess I would say about four ounces between four and six ounces of rum. The next day I could urinate fine. It's, it's, everything is ok. And I think that I've done that several times and um, but I'm not condoning alcohol per se. I'm just saying that it's, there's something to this.
Nurse: Well, alcohol definitely will make you urinate, that's for sure. Ok, that's what it's, it has a diuretic effect to it. So,
Patient: Ok, so what I'm saying is not anything new.
Nurse: No, but I would like him to know because nobody's marked it on here that you weren't taking that because simply because you didn't have a prescription. So we need to find out. Does he want you back on that? And I will, um, garlic 1000 mg daily.
Patient: Yeah, I do take garlic and garlic is so it's, I'm surprised that more people don't take garlic because garlic has so many benefits, um, from your heart, from your heart health to, um, just all different kind of things.
Nurse: Mhm. What about the ginkgo below the 1 20
Patient: Daily? Yes, I do take that. And that's another thing I've noticed that when I take Gigolo B 1 20 mg a day, it dilates it. Basically, it dilates the, um, blood vessels and it allows blood to flow through your body where it should be like your leg, your feet and your brain. But I also noticed that it also helps me to urinate too.
Nurse: Does it? Ok.
Patient: It's, it's as bizarre as it may sound.
Nurse: I don't know a lot about herbs. I would like to get me a, a book and learn more about those kind of plant based things.
Patient: Be is one of the oldest plants in the world. It, it predates dinosaur when the dinosaurs were on this planet and it originated, the trees originated in [PHI-Geographic]. And um it had, they, they used Kobi as far as remedies for a long time. And there are, there are certain advantages of having low be in your diet. However, you do not want to take more really high dosage. I only take 12 20 mg a day. You don't wanna take high dosage because it can thin your blood to a point and dilate your vessels that you may um dilate your vessels in your brain too much and it may cause you to have a stroke. Mm mm OK. So, so there are some warning signs but there are tremendous benefits to it as well. OK.
Nurse: All right. Now, back on the Levemir, it does look like you're taking it correctly. It says inject 20 units daily. Yes. Doesn't say twice a day. So you're good on that one. You're doing that one correctly.
Patient: Thank you.
Nurse: Um Then we got the Lantus, we got uh um as needed Imodium
Patient: As for my colostomy bag. Yes. Um Sometimes certain foods I would, once I start to develop, last time it put me in the hospital was when I was um uh developed diarrhea. I mean the runs uh I think runs a better word of saying it that I couldn't stop it. And um I got to the point my hands start to cramp because of lack of water in my system. So the decision was made to go to the hospital. And one was the reason for my understanding, according to what the doctor said was, I, I had um the Coronavirus and that was one of the side effects of having excessive diarrhea. Yeah. And you have a colostomy bag and you have diarrhea. The, the goal here is to stop the diarrhea. I don't know. I keep saying diarrhea, forgive me, runs. You just need to stop it. And
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. That's right. OK. What about magnesium? Uh 1000 mg daily, magnesium ate. It's
Patient: More the reason I was taking that was, it was suggested to me by another friend because it helped with leg cramps. I was having leg cramps at work and because of um perspiration and, and I was replenishing my body. It worked, it worked, it helped, but I do not take it anymore because I found something that works much better. Um
Nurse: Cold. What?
Patient: Well, you know, my grandmother and my mother talked about it when I was a kid. I was sitting on the floor when my mother and grandmother were talking and I always remember what they said, but I don't remember why, why would you need to drink pickle juice? And I went, once I googled home remedies for leg cramps out of the three, it mentioned pickle juice. And I remembered that conversation that my grandmother had because in the country you didn't have all the old fancy medications you had to deal with what you had basically during the depression. So, I, um, went and got dill pickle juice. Dill works much better than bread and butter. Sweet pickles. And sure enough. Oh, those leg cramps before I had a chance to get back to my room. They were gone. Oh,
Nurse: You just took a swig out of the pickle jar,
Patient: Just like I do my liquor. Ok. I'm sorry.
Nurse: That's all right. Uh uh I like to have me a drink in the evening so I I'm not judging. All right. Nonformulary. I don't know if somebody typed this in it. I guess uh some kind of amino acid combination product is what it says.
Patient: Can you tell, can you tell me the name again please?
Nurse: They just, it's, it's under non formulary like I don't know, somebody just added it in here but it says medication name over the counter amino acids combination product.
Patient: Oh, yes, I remember I don't, I'm not taking that anymore. It was like uh um enzymes that you would take to digest in your stomach and it will help you digest your food so you can give yourself it would take give you energy because it would assist your stomach in digesting food. Ok? Pancreas. But I stopped taking that because just like everything else. I find something better.
Nurse: Alrighty, the NovoLOG. This is the one you said we're not doing right. Ok. So this is what they have. Patient is to use. Patient is only using with dinner four units for blood sugar. Great than 1 50 to 206 units for 201 to 2 58 units. 2 51 to 310 units, 301 to 3 50 12 units, 3 51 to 414 units for blood sugar. Over 400 call your
Patient: Doctor. Are you doing the 1 50 slide rule?
Nurse: Yeah, the sliding scale.
Patient: I'm not doing that. Doctor just simply said just give yourself at least 12 units in the morning, lunch and dinner depending on your how, what your sugar level is. You may wanna get more based on the sliding rule but that's the baseline 12 units three times a day.
Nurse: And so doctor who's doctor? What doctor? Oh the one I'm calling about I was calling ok.
Patient: You're probably
Nurse: Right. I I don't know, I've never met him but he seems like he really cares for his patients. I can tell that. Um So, but you did comment that sometimes you may take up to 18 units. Yes,
Patient: The sliding rule like if it was like 3 50 close to 400 then yes, I would take 18 units.
Nurse: Ok. So right now we're doing a 12 units in the AM 12 units. I know you said not right at lunch but around 2 p.m. and then between 12 and 18 units at night. Correct. Yes. Ok. Okey dokey. And I don't know how to pronounce this one Isentress. 408 100 mg
Patient: Since the, since my doctor [PHI-Personal] has changed my regimen as far as my, my um condition HIV.
Nurse: Ok. You only take the uh
Patient: [PHI-Personal] interest.
Nurse: That's the one I'm talking about interest. Do you take 800 mg a day and mix it with chocolate pudding?
Patient: No, I did, I did. That was, that was the, the, what has happened was that, um, um, with my bag, I would take one pill in the morning and one pill in the afternoon and I noticed I would pass those pills and I said to myself, huh? This is not making any sense. I'm not getting medication. Why? But yet I'm nondetectable but I'm passing this medication. That doesn't make sense. If I didn't have a bag, I would, I never known pills. So I made a notation to the doctor. I had fun with my doctor [PHI-Personal]. I took a picture of the pill, what it looked like after it came out and she, I almost thought she's gonna lose her cookies. Oh, boy. She, she was a doll. I enjoyed but she retired and just like everything else moves along.
Nurse: So, so who do you see? Now?
Patient: I see Doctor [PHI-Personal] and she's from USA, from general. She's only at the, she's at the health department on Thursdays to my knowledge, unless something has changed.
Nurse: So, we are, you still are taking this one though. The um and, and the stress I was,
Patient: I was grinding up the pill and then since it didn't taste good when it ground up, so to make sure I was getting a pill, I mixed it with chocolate pudding. That makes sense. It dies the taste. But then with being a, you, I explained what I was doing and they, they just simply said just go on and take the pills is normal. If it pass it through your system, you're non detectable. Don't worry about it. So I changed it now. I just take them like I normally do.
Nurse: OK? Whole tablet not crushing. OK. Q 10 coq 10 100 mg daily. C
Patient: Oq 10, I'm older now, my body does not produce Coq two. So as much as it did. So I don't eat as much bread, a lot of things I do. So I just take a supplement.
Nurse: OK? And then the last one I have here is a vitamin C with rose hips, 1000 mg. And then it says you're actually taking 2000 a day.
Patient: That is correct. Ro ro ro hips is uh additive in for the vitamin C to prevent you from getting stomach aches. Cause if you took vitamin C raw on your stomach, it will, chances are you may get a stomach ache but taking it with rose hips, it will prevent the stomach ache.
Nurse: OK? I don't want to get back to the Elavil. Ok. The Elavil was ordered by doctor, so I don't have to call anybody about that. Um, everything looks like it's prescribed by doctor. Good. Except for your, um, HIV. Uh, and those were correct. So I think we're good. Now, is there anything else that you're taking that I did not mention,
Patient: Um, there are different supplements I do take, um,
Nurse: But let me add those on there.
Patient: Well, I take a multivitamin.
Nurse: Ok. It's one a day.
Patient: So yeah, it's, it's accompanied by the name of and they're highly recommended multivitamins and they seem like they work fairly
Nurse: Well. Is that a sogar?
Patient: Yes, solgar. So that's the, that's the name of the company. Uh If you can buy it vitamin 75 something, 75 D something. I don't know, it's just a multivitamin. Sure. Um There are other things I do take as well, but I can't recall of at the moment. Um I take cinnamon, you know, for diabetes to try to keep my sugar level and just different things. There's one issue that I wanted to talk to you about. Um, go ahead. Um Is the fact that um my question is, oh boy, here we go again. Um, in the hospital they nurse will come by and check my stick me with a lancet and take AAA blood reading. I always had a question about lancets because you know, could that lancet be used from another patient that sort of things. And they assured me that that is a one time use and each lancet has only basically a one time use. But the first day I was at the hospital, um, I, she stuck my first finger and by a couple of days later, the end of my finger turned it, it became sore and became irritated and the area turned into a red blotch on the end of my finger. I couldn't put, I couldn't figure out why it was that away. Even the nurse came in and said, what was going on with your finger? I said, I have no idea. I am, my finger swelled. You couldn't see it swelling, but I felt it when I would move my joint. So there was some sort of I issue with my joints in my finger. Um, even when I left the hospital a month later, the redness started to go away. The doctor didn't seem like he was really concerned about it and nor was I, but I was trying to figure out what was going on eventually. After a month, it start to go away about a month and a half, it went away, but it developed it like a little, like a little blood blister at the end of my finger. And I it occurred to me that that's where I was stuck with a lancet to draw blood. So, um, I thought to myself, how can this be because they tell me that it's being the lancets or one time use. Well, then I thought, well, the only way this could have happened is if the nurse had a, a other type of a lancet, other than what she was supposed to have had. So maybe she had a personal lancet that I didn't recognize. Of course, I didn't recognize what they look like and she stuck me with the one that maybe she had stuck with another patient. Um That's the only explanation I had to come up with. I don't have any pro but there's, there has, has to be a reason why my finger turned out that way. So
Nurse: I don't know what supplies Tampa General uses. I do know that just from my experience of working in clinical settings that when I first started back in [PHI-Personal] um, yes, they did have lances that were not safety lances. And technically, I guess a nurse could go around and stick everybody with the same one, but we know better. But when I worked in the nursing home, the same place years later, they came out with all the safety products for uh avoiding needle sticks, blah, blah, blah. And uh the lances that we use were definitely a one time deal. Like it comes in a protective cover, you place it against the patient's finger, it then releases the needle into the patient's finger, pricks it, then it goes back inside the, the plastic. Um So when was this hospitalization?
Patient: This was about a year ago.
Nurse: And I find it really hard to believe that they would have anything that's not a one time use only deal.
Patient: I understand
Nurse: Because of the hospitals have to be, um, inspected by, you know, the state regulators and joint commission and they would not like they would not be operating if they didn't have the current proper equipment in place.
Patient: I understand what you're saying and I respect it. I'm not gonna really dwell on it too much. But the thing about it is how could this have happened? I mean, my finger in the hospital, they couldn't explain it. I couldn't explain it until I got home and that little blotch disappeared. But there was a little like a little blood blister at the end of my finger and it occurred to me that's where I was stuck with the needle. Now, my needles, well, this happened while I was in the hospital. So it wasn't anything that I don't share any needles here. Oh, I, what I feel that it's just that this was an isolated situation only occurred once the chances of this occurring again is very slim. But nevertheless, it did occur. And each time if I ever have to go to the hospital, I will have concern. That would be in the back of my mind, but I'm not going.
Nurse: Right. Well, number one, make sure they're cleaning your fingers before they stick your finger with an alcohol prep very well.
Patient: Now, that's, that's a possibility to my knowledge we're doing that. That's another possibility as well.
Nurse: And, yeah, don't let anybody stick anything. Don't let, don't let anybody inject anything. Don't let anybody tamper with your IV lines and put medicine in your IV lines until they have wiped down the area with alcohol or whatever. They're cleaning product guide. Is it, uh, it should be alcohol as far as I know. And, um, also make sure they don't keep sticking your same finger. Have them stick a different finger. Do you have all 10 fingers?
Patient: Yes.
Nurse: Have them rotate your fingers. So, no, we did them on this finger last time. I wanted it on this hand, on this finger this time. How many days, how many times a day do you check your blood sugars at home?
Patient: Um, at least once a day, sometimes twice a day and there and a few times when I'm in a hurry, I just get the numbers become so predictable and my diet is predictable. Sometimes there, be totally honest with you. Sometimes I just simply skip the prick and just give myself an injection because I kind of know where I'm gonna be anyway.
Nurse: And how many times a day were they checking your blood sugar at the hospital? Cause I feel like it may have been just that overuse of that one finger where they were checking it.
Patient: They were checking it every time they would come in the morning, check it, prick me with a lancet, check my sugar level and about an hour later to come back and give me an injection, they were sticking me three times a day. Mhm. And keeping, making sure my sugar level was right where it's supposed to be and, um, to my knowledge, everything was fine. Um, but why my figure did what it did. But, uh, is you have to be explained. But
Nurse: I don't know. I wish, I don't know because you, you know, the way they're designed, I mean, I don't know what the ones look like that you have at home, but the way they're designed, the ones I work with the, the needle only goes in so far. So I like you can push harder to make it go in deeper. Uh, I don't know. I just feel like it was maybe they didn't clean your finger, well, maybe they kept using the same finger and pricking the same area. I, I'm not sure, you
Patient: Know, to my, I'm not gonna, like I said, I was just mentioning it because I was concerned that I dwell on it and based on the conversation just now they put, I was there for, uh, a week and a half and they put, checked me three times a day. So 11 prick out of all that is not such a bad record. And besides I've been in the hospital before I don't think it's really a big issue. I just, more of a concern if they're doing.
Nurse: And what were you in the hospital for the last time?
Patient: Um, I had excessive runs and I went to the hospital and they diagnosed me with Corona and I was put in the isolation room and, yeah, that's where, that's how I got there.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. Well, that, that's my opinion. Whether I'm right. I don't know, it's just an opinion. So, um, pretty
Patient: Helpful suggestions.
Nurse: Well, I'm glad and, uh, again, uh, when you can finally get the freestyle libre, that's gonna be a wonderful thing. And, um, again, I'm gonna put in a message to the person that helps us with, uh, find the resources to help cover costs for things like, um, medications and, uh, supplies and that kind of thing and see if we can come up with anything. In the meantime, I hope your insurance calls you back because you do have [PHI-Personal]. So I'm not, I really don't know why it's not being covered. Um, what else? I need to let doctor know about the medication for your prostate. And was there anything else?
Patient: Um, I can't. No, I think pretty much that's it. Um, right now I'm focusing on my diabetes and of course I, I'm taking BP medicine. I don't think my BP is where, where it's supposed to be, but at least I'm taking BP medicine. Car carvedilol [PHI-Personal] in the morning [PHI-Personal] in the afternoon. I think that's pretty much it.
Nurse: I, uh, do you monitor your BP at home?
Patient: Not as much as I do the sugar, uh, my sugar level to the glucose meter. I, I, um, I don't check it that much because um I do have it, I just procrastinate and just don't do as much as I should.
Nurse: Well, we do have a pro a BP monitoring program, but it definitely will involve you having to check your BP, um, at home anyway, it's called remote patient monitoring for BP. And uh, the readings get transmitted from your device to your record. Um, kind of like through a cell phone tower. And, um, that's how that works. And then if it's out of range significantly, then the nurse would call and follow up with you. Um, but it's a, just a good way to keep a good record of how your BP is doing. But of course, it definitely takes participation of wanting to check your BP every day. True. But that's something we can talk about another time if you want to. Yes. Ok. All right. Well, I'm gonna get all your medications updated and, and the notes added that you told me and then I'll reach out to doctor about that one medication and when I get some more information back about the freestyle libre, I will call you back. Ok.
Patient: Have a great day. Same to you. Thank you.
Nurse: Alright. Uh huh bye bye
Patient: Bye.
