Nurse: Hi, good afternoon. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: [PHI-Personal], this is [PHI-Personal]. I guess I got to the phone right when you were hanging up or doing a voice
Nurse: Mail. No worries. How's everything been my dear? Uh,
Patient: Good. So I got to, uh, got to see Doctor [PHI-Personal]
Nurse: And, uh, how did that appointment go?
Patient: Uh, that went good. I, I really like the, like him as a surgeon. Um, I guess I passed all the tests that were required.
Nurse: Well, you did the carotid ultrasound and the six minute walk test. Yes.
Patient: Ok. And I guess it was, was there a blood test at the beginning to something like maybe so, uh, it's in his court right now to set up the try to get approval from insurance? Ok. And then it's that point he'll, he'll try to, you know, set up a date and, well, I, I guess it'll be at [PHI-Geographic] so there's no question there. Um, yeah, and he just said it'll probably be over a month because, well, not necessarily just because of the holiday but because it takes a long time to get through the bureaucratic elements of this thing. So, um, anyway, he'll let me know whatever, whatever is good to go. Sounds good. Sounds
Nurse: Good. So, that's good news. I'm glad that the ultrasound went well and the six minute walk test went well. Um, looking at the office note, it looks like, let's see here. Mhm. Weight, acceptance from insurance. So we can do the placement. Um, his recommendations would be, you know, abstain from smoking, of course, continue to take our Coumadin, um, which keeps the blood nice and thin, which we, we want when we have afib um our statins, which is the medication for cholesterol and um manage other symptoms as well as staying active. So we'd be in our best shape, post surgery so we can heal well, do well recover well. So that's our homework to do before the big test.
Patient: Well, we still are doing a yoga twice a week. Um And uh I haven't been out doing as much walking, but I, you know, I plan to. So, in fact, I was just about on my way out the door to do a little when you called. So
Nurse: Perfect. We keep that heart nice and healthy and strong. We don't over, we don't wanna overdo it. We don't want any funky rhythms or to no, I over exert ourselves.
Patient: I probably uh have learned that lesson. I, you know, doctor when I had him as my cardiologist, he uh he said, uh your heart isn't gonna get better with exercise and, and I was trying to do too much, I think at the time and he said, well, it's, you know, you're not gonna make it better, but we wanna keep it at a, a level where it's still, you know, right. Doing its thing.
Nurse: Correct. So we do what we can, we stay active and if you do get fatigue short of breath, take your break in between, listen to your body. Ok. Right. Any refills? I know last time we kind of had some trouble with getting the, uh, I think it was the Flomax.
Patient: Yeah, the Flomax. Um, no, I got that. So that's, that's fine. Um, no, I don't have any, any trouble right now getting any that I know of. I mean, as far as I know they're all through Optum now and I am seeing, uh, Doctor [PHI-Personal], um, who's, who's the guy that, uh, you know, does my, uh, Flomax. Um, I'm, I'll be seeing him on a telehealth visit this week.
Nurse: Ok. This week, the
Patient: End of this week, I think it is. So, um, not much else other than, um, you know, I think I need to think I'm gonna try to go back and schedule, uh, appointments with my former CPAP guy. Um, and see if he'll let me back in and see if I can do it by telecom. But the only, the only drawback to that is I know each time he asked me to bring the little, uh, oh, not the machine, not the machine itself but, uh, the, the record of the machine, the, um, need the report, the report. And I don't know whether there's another way he can get that or whether I, how I can do some of the stuff remotely. Uh, you know what I'm saying?
Nurse: Mhm. Do you have a fax machine? Maybe you could fax it.
Patient: Uh, no, I don't have a fax.
Nurse: Mm. Uh, maybe through my chart or are you able to, like, take a picture of it and send it to him that way? Would he accept?
Patient: Well, I'm not sure. Well, this is the actual, uh, computer chip that you send me? Ok. Ok. Ok. That's what I'm talking about.
Nurse: You might have to, um,
Patient: Call, I can mail it or just, yeah, maybe mail it or? Mhm. Uh, something like that. But it's, it's just getting very difficult to get, try to make appointments in that, that part of Tampa and I just, you know, I'll go to the hospital and, and I can do that sort of thing. But, um, really don't like traveling that, that distance. Yeah,
Nurse: I understand. So, you sleep, been affected? Has it, has it, has it been troubling you some
Patient: Sometimes? Um, and, uh, I don't know what the, uh, but the reasons are, I mean, two nights ago I had a real good night sleep and I dreamed and that sort of thing last night. It's ok. But I, you know, didn't dream and, yeah, I'm sure I was awake part of the time and so I'm not sure what else can be done there, but I thought I'd, you know, it started on the CPAP guy again. [PHI-Personal] is his name that the guy I went to.
Nurse: You should, you should definitely follow up, especially before the, um, surgery. Yeah. Um, usually with having you have sleep apnea. Is that what it is?
Patient: Yeah. Yeah, I have the, the kind that, um, isn't, uh, isn't evident all the time that central is. Yeah. So they took him a while to discover that and then I, uh, I don't know, like the machine helped clear a lot of that up. So. Right.
Nurse: And being on the machine definitely helps to, um, it helps you to sleep better, feel better. You're not as tired, your body gets the oxygen that it needs. So you'll definitely need to be in good shape before the surgery. So, if you have any trouble, give me a call, maybe I can help you out with it. Um, but outside of that, keep me posted with any updates with the surgery and, um, give me a call if you need anything. Ok.
Patient: Good. Yeah, I will do.
Nurse: Have a good day, [PHI-Personal]. Thank you for returning my call.
Patient: Thanks a lot. Bye bye.
