Nurse: Thank you for calling [PHI-Geographic]. My name is [PHI-Personal]. How may I help you? Yes, [PHI-Personal], this
Patient: Is, I'm returning your phone call.
Nurse: Yes. Let me get you pulled up. Give me one quick moment. Ok. Sure.
Patient: [PHI-Account].
Nurse: All right. So the reasoning for my phone calls is Doctor [PHI-Personal] wanted me to reach out to you about a new program that she's offering, that she thought that you could really benefit from. And what that is, it's called the Care Management program. And that is where a nurse will call you in between office visits. She'll provide you with any assistance on your current health conditions. The nurse can help with medications, lab results and community resources. And what the nurse will do is she'll call, check in and see how you're doing. Make sure everything's going ok and that you're doing well and while she's on the phone, she'll document your responses and provide a direct report to Doctor [PHI-Personal]. These reports help her to be able to stay up to date on your well being in between office visits. And if she sees anything of concern in the reports, she will make sure it does get addressed right away. This will not replace your office visits with Doctor [PHI-Personal], but it helps her to be able to perform a more comprehensive office visit when those do occur. The whole purpose of the program is to make sure that you're staying as safe and healthy as possible in between your office visits. And it's a way for you to always have somebody on hand if you need it. And the program is a billable service with [PHI-Personal]. [PHI-Personal] Advantage and secondary insurances and it's considered an office visit. So it may be subject to coinsurance, deductibles, and copays. I do see that you have [PHI-Personal] and Medicaid. Is that correct? Ok. So traditional [PHI-Personal] covers 80% of the cost of the program and that remaining 20% will go to your secondary insurance and the nurse um can reach out either once a month or once every couple of months. You'll also be able to reach out to your care nurse when you have questions about your health. If you needed any help with prescription refills or prescription costs, she can also help with setting up appointments, rescheduling appointments and she can help expedite appointments. And like I said, this is an added benefit to making sure that you're staying as safe and healthy as possible in between your office visits with Doctor [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Ok. Um She also gave me her because I'm supposed to be going into the [PHI-Geographic] and there's stuff that needs to be finalized.
Nurse: Ok. Would you be interested in enrolling in the program today?
Patient: I'm gonna have to, she's gonna have to follow through with the [PHI-Geographic] stuff and
Nurse: Ok, and um, is the, um, would you prefer morning or afternoon calls with the care management nurse?
Patient: Um, probably toward the morning
Nurse: Mornings? Ok. And is a good mailing address for you still going to be that [PHI-Geographic]. Yep. Ok, perfect. I'll be sending you a welcome letter. It will go to your mailing address and to your Mychart. It goes over the program and it will have your nurses contact information. So if you ever need to reach out to her and then the nurse she's gonna reach out to you within the next couple of weeks to touch base and introduce herself. I can set that up sooner if you would like.
Patient: Yeah, it needs to be sooner than later. I have to get this paperwork in.
Nurse: Ok. So I will reach out to the nurse after this phone call and then she'll reach out to you within the next couple of days. Ok.
Patient: Ok, perfect. Thank you. You're
Nurse: Very welcome. Do you have any questions?
Patient: Nope, I don't think so.
Nurse: Ok. And um just so you know you can adjust your call frequency with your nurse at any time and you can opt out at any point. Ok. Yep. Thank you. You're welcome. I'll get this information sent out to you. Thank you. You're welcome. I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day today. You too.
Patient: Bye bye bye bye.
