Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you?
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal], this is [PHI-Personal]. Ha. Calling you back.
Nurse: Oh, hey, [PHI-Personal], thank you. Um, do you mind giving me your date of birth here? Just so I can pull you up here.
Patient: It's [PHI-Account]. Thank you. Give me one
Nurse: [PHI-Personal].
Patient: How are you dear? Uh, I'm barely hanging on but I'm hanging.
Nurse: Got you. Got you. Yeah, it sounds like a lot of us these days. I'm sorry. It's just loading here. Give me one [PHI-Personal]. But I'm, um, calling from doctor office. Yeah, I'm with their care management team. I don't believe that we've had the chance to be formally introduced. Um, because I think before you were speaking mainly with, um, [PHI-Personal] if you recall. So I just wanted to say hi too. You didn't think some random
Patient: Person? I don't think I talked to [PHI-Personal]. Oh, I thought you might have been.
Nurse: Oh, was it [PHI-Personal]? Maybe it was both of them. I know [PHI-Personal] used to have this office as well. So, um, it probably was [PHI-Personal] more, more often because [PHI-Personal] was only here for a little bit. But I know things changed
Patient: By time. Yeah, I haven't talked to you guys for a while so I probably, she might have called me but I,
Nurse: Yeah, no problem at all. Yeah, we just wanted to check in with you for the month of [PHI-Personal]. Just see how you're doing and how you're feeling. Um, let me just look here. I think you saw Doctor [PHI-Personal] last. Right on [PHI-Personal] 1st. Is that right?
Patient: Yeah. Mhm.
Nurse: Yeah. Ok. And then she had mentioned um referring you to rheumatology about some pain in your hands. Does that sound about right?
Patient: Yeah. And then I just saw a message from her because my urine culture last weekend, I was, I'm having all these problems presumably with the IC but I had all this, I had red blood cell and white blood cells and stuff different things in my urine. So she just sent me a thing asking about doing an ultrasound. So I just responded back to that.
Nurse: Oh, I see. Ok. Yeah, I do see your message back um about kidney functioning rather than three months. Got you. Was she gonna be doing lab work in three months? Is that what?
Patient: Yeah. Yeah, because she had given me a lab work and there's a couple of things she wanted me to do now. And then the other things which included the kidney function, which we haven't tested for a while. It's not gonna be until the next time. But I'm concerned about this because I have a small pelvic kidney that has, and I've always had problems. Like I telling me, even when I was a kid, I could never drink anything but water. So no soda juice or anything like that would just burn me really bad. Got you. And I, they used to tell me that that kidney didn't work at all. I'm outside walking with my dog. So I, oh, yeah. No, you're fine. Hey, that's out of breath. This is the best
Nurse: Time to do it. No, let's do exercise.
Patient: And, um, and, um, um, they used to tell me it didn't work, but then in more recent times they told me it has to work something because it's small. But they said if it didn't work at all, it would be completely atrophied and it's not. So. But anyway, because of that and all these other issues, I just feel like maybe we should check that because I saw in the lab thing when it said about the white blood cell, it said, uh, that there's any white blood cells in your urine. It either means an infection or kidney disease and I didn't have any bacteria. So there's no infection. Ok. That you were
Nurse: Saying, yeah, it's, it was that, um, no, that specimen, it was like a clean catch specimen with a cup. Is that correct? Yeah. Ok. Let me just look here because, uh, oh, well, there were no squamous cells in it because sometimes, uh, they also, what can happen is that, um, because they're clean, catch, it's easy for them to get contaminated. Um, but, yeah,
Patient: But I had the, I had the same thing in my urine a while back. Got you a very thing. I had the red blood cells, the white blood cells. Mhm. Do you see anyone about the
Nurse: IC? Um, do you see urology about the IC or? Have you ever done, like, bladder insulation for the IC?
Patient: No, I saw a urogynecologist doctor, I think, um, last year I think for it she's the one I did a, I did, uh, what do you call that thing? That test that? I was? Um,
Nurse: Hm, I'm trying to think for, I see. Was it? Oh. Was it like a cystoscopy? Did they go up there and look at your bladder? Yeah. Nobody likes this. I used to, I used to work in urology for like, six years. So I used to have to set them up and nobody likes it,
Patient: Although she was good. Yeah, it's usually pretty quick. It's much
Nurse: Quicker than you think. Yeah, exactly. So, they looked around and they looked at your bladder and, you know, kind of gave you some insight. I'm assuming they didn't see anything out of the ordinary, like no mass or anything.
Patient: Got you. Yeah. But I've been having a really bad episode of it again. It seems like it seems like it's very triggered by anything very acidic. Really? Even if I take the le she told me to with it, like, I, the little, what they call or just, just a few. Mhm. A couple week ago because I didn't have any other skin really irritated. Oh, my God. Yeah. Like my side are coming out. It's really,
Nurse: Oh, yeah, I see is one of those things where, like, oh, gosh, I mean, it is really, um, not for the, of heart, if, if I can say put it any light, it is not like just a little like a and pain because it, it also, it, you know, it's, it's constant. So I feel like anything that's like, you know, repetitive like that, it just like drives you crazy, you know what I mean? Um And so I would say, you know, uh have you because the other thing now we used to do this now, I don't know, you know, I mean, you see, it seems like your IC kind of flares up and down which, you know, have you been able to control it with like diet, like, because you usually they say to avoid the c like sodas and caffeine chocolate or citrus?
Patient: Ok. Well, I don't do any soda but I'm a huge alcoholic. Like it, I could, I mean, I could be like death by chocolate. I eat so much chocolate for now. It's a problem. Yeah,
Nurse: Chocolate can irritate your bladder because it does contain some caffeine in it. Um, and it can really
Patient: Bothering me. You know, I sit all the time and it wasn't bothering me before. So I think it's not the trigger. Mhm. But, uh,
Nurse: Yeah, I do so much you can do. Uh huh. I
Patient: Found this supplement that I used to take because I had developed these allergies too. Uh, most antibiotics and the last one was penicillin and I used to get a lot of bladder infections but they were the, not the E coli ones, the, uh B one and the only thing for them was like penicillin and some other drug I couldn't take, had a allergic reaction in the past. So I, um, I, at the time I did a little research and I can't, I found there's a really good thing you can take for E coli naturally supplements. But, but there was only one thing I thought might work for the strep B because it said it acts the same way penicillin and Acton. I don't, I don't remember if it's gram negative positive bacteria, but it was the same. And I went through this period of time years ago, not with Doctor [PHI-Personal], another doctor. But they told me that I absolutely had to take the penicillin or risk it because that was the only way to get rid of this. But instead I tried this for seven days and I rechecked my urine and it cleared up and the doctor's office said, aren't you glad you listened to it. They said I didn't. And, uh, and ever since then it's like I've seen along the way that, I mean, even if you look at reviews on this and stuff like that, so many people say that after they went through nothing, like all the drugs and everything else from all the doctors and specialists for bladder issues and nothing works. It's used for like immune system stuff too. But like they said, they swear by it. So I've been taking, I do too because even when I first had the first episode, which was horrible, initially, it didn't get rid of it. But when I would try to stop taking the, it would get, my symptoms would clearly get worse and I didn't know if it was just the effect or not, but I read about it with so many people. So I had been taking when I have a re up, I take a lot more but I was just taking one at night and watching acidic, not eating acidic stuff. And I was doing pretty good until lately when I did this little orange thing. Yeah. Probably a couple of things I shouldn't. But anyway, that's what I was, you know, I was doing. I was so, I hate that this because it's been a flare up for a couple of weeks now. Yeah.
Nurse: How would you rate the pain? Like, from, if 10 was, like, excruciating worst pain of your life can't move.
Patient: Well, I would say like when it's the worst, like I feel like I'm outside talking about here, but it definitely affects my, my urethra. I mean, it's, and it just feels like it's being torn out of my body. Yeah. So at that point, I would say an eight. Yeah, of course. Eight.
Nurse: The rest.
Patient: Yeah, the rest of the time it's just uh really an annoyance, you know, the urgency and then also the retention that I have. Yeah, I was about
Nurse: To say, yeah. Have you ever tried any, like bladder training where you try to, like, you know, kind of force your body to go even if you don't really have the urge
Patient: And see if you can. I kind of, I kind of do the opposite. I, I refuse to go but it wants to go constantly and I know there's no reason to, it just that my bladder is just beginning to, I'll say sometimes
Nurse: That it, you can do that too. Like what they call that urinary urinating at set intervals. So you kinda will make a decision like you're gonna urinate at certain times and then, um, you kind of like, force yourself to like, I mean, you know, hold it within reason but hold it. It's kinda, it's just the other thing. It's just like what you said, like with bladder training and then people, like, hold as long as they can and then the next time they might hold a little longer and see if they can stretch the time and, and that sort of thing. Um, I
Patient: Haven't done it like that organized. I just, I just in general try to do that but because the other thing I've noticed is when I, like, when I have, when it wants to go constantly and I get into it, it hurts, the pain is worse, you know, when I go, that's more like when it feels like everything is gonna fall out. So that's another incentive to try not to get into it.
Nurse: Yeah, I hear you. No, it is. I mean, interstitial cystitis. Yeah, it is really frustrating and i it's one of those things where they really, it's not well understood as of yet. Um,
Patient: You know, we know we, the bladder,
Nurse: Yeah, we know it irritates the bladder. We know, you know, that the pain is real but they're not sure why for some people, the bladder becomes so chronically inflamed like it does. Um, which is why I was gonna ask if you're on any kind of insulation because sometimes with those you can get an infection. But um yeah, you know, definitely um any
Patient: Type of what
Nurse: I was go I was mentioning to you, have you, have they ever mentioned that urology? Um because we used to do this, it's called bladder installation um
Patient: Installation. Mhm. So
Nurse: For, for some people who have really severe IC which with yours, you know, it may not be on that level yet, just because yours kind of flares up and then may wane. Um, but in urology, what we would do is it's called a bladder insulation. And they, they insert, unfortunately it's, it's, you know, no one's great love, but they insert a very small catheter into your urethra and they actually instill, um, a, a medication. It's like a mix of, um, lidocaine with, um, uh, heparin and, um, a anti-inflammatory. And essentially what they do is they instill it into your bladder through the catheter. They ask you to hold your urine for about 30 minutes. Like, basically just don't pee it right back out and then it helps to kind of soothe some of that bladder pain. Um, and some people swear by it, but it is something you have to do routinely. So you, like, depending on the person, some people will do, like, once a month, some people will do it once a week. Um, you know, it's just another thing to think about if you're feeling like you wanna, you know, if it's severe enough, if, you know, ideally, obviously it'd be nice if you can manage it without having to go to the office regularly. I can understand why that would be a drag. But, you know, it's there, it's another option for people who have, like, you know, really intense pain who just are not getting release. You know. Um,
Patient: No doctor told me I had never started using them. But I think I'm going to, uh, and I can't remember what the gynecologist said because it's kind of like a y might help that. But no, maybe indirectly. I don't know. But like, what is it estradiol or something like that?
Nurse: Oh, ok. So, like estrogen, uh, like a vaginal estrogen cream.
Patient: Yeah. And doctor recently last week said it could, she said it would help too. So. Mhm.
Nurse: Yeah. It's certainly possible. Um, the thought process behind that is usually that, you know, um, when, you know, as we age our hormones level cha hormone levels change. Excuse me. And so they think that adding on the estradiol, um, you know, adds to creating more healthy bacteria and more, um, lubrication and, and that way, you know, it's less likely to become as inflamed or be susceptible to like infection, which could also be triggering the cystitis. So, it's definitely, um, I mean, for some patients it definitely does help, you know, that could be another thing to do that's less invasive. Certainly. That would be nice, you know. Yeah. Yeah. But it is one of those things where it's kind of like a snowflake type of thing. It's like everyone's a little different as to what works for them and, you know, uh, what treatment
Patient: Regimen is best. Yeah. We just chronic stuff. I hate it. Oh,
Nurse: Gosh. Yeah, I'm right in there with you. I can understand it's not, it's not for the faint of heart. It's not for the weak, that's for sure. It takes a lot of diligence to get through it. But, um, yeah, I'll definitely keep an eye out. I do see your message here to doctor [PHI-Personal] about the, um, kidney, kidney function, uh, testing. Um, so I'll, I'll definitely keep an eye out and make sure that, you know, she gets back to you. I know you just sent it today, so she'll probably do it this
Patient: Afternoon. Yeah. She said on the, in her message it could be a kidney stone or a cyst, which is what I sort of thought before, like, about a year ago because I had all this stuff at the same time that I was diagnosed with the IC, all the similar stuff was going on in my urine. And does that make sense that it would be a kidney stone or a cyst? Is that because that cleared up along the way? It's been? Yeah, it's
Nurse: Possible. I mean,
Patient: You know, because it could be moving around.
Nurse: Yes. Mhm. Causing, and it's irritating the bladder and that it's causing the inflammatory response, which is the white, red, the white blood cells. And then the, the blood could also be caused by a stone or a cyst. That's there. The stones possible. Yeah. I mean, you're not having, I mean, it doesn't sound like it's obstructed. Um, you're not having any, like, lower back pain or abdominal pain or is it more? Oh,
Patient: Well, I always have lower back back pain. It has been worse lately actually. But II, I don't think I would be able to tell. Yeah. Yeah. That was from, yeah. And I've heard
Nurse: It kidney stone, I mean, that pain can be really intense too. So, um, you
Patient: Know, could be tied into the, the urinary retention that I'm having right now.
Nurse: Got you. And how long have you? So, when you say urinary retention, you're just going like a very small amount. When you
Patient: Do go through rest, you really have to go and then it's hard. And then I have to, I have to with, I saw that on the urology website and it really, I haven't heard that one I remember was, but it was uh and it, it was funny because when I told an old friend of mine who has kidney disease and she was like, oh my God, that, that really works. So we used to joke about it.
Nurse: That is something else. I never heard that one. You taught me something today. OK. So that's another plan. That's another plan. Um Now the urinary retention has that started just in the last few weeks or is
Patient: That? Yeah, but I did have it before too. Um And then it got better. So I'm wondering now if there's a pattern that if it's tied when my urine is messed up like that, you know, I don't know, or when the I see is flaring up, you know.
Nurse: Mm. Yeah, it could be. I mean, I, you're still going somewhat though, I mean, you're able to get some urine out, right? Like, ok,
Patient: But just not, yeah. And when I went to the doctor just, I mean, when they had me do drink I was, like, in there forever because I, you know, trying to go and, but I was able, I was able to get most of it out. Uh, so she wasn't, didn't seem too worried about, I was more worried about the fact it took me forever to try to, you know, urinate and she seems to be ultimately. But
Nurse: Yeah. No, that's, yeah, that's a pain in the butt. I'm trying, did Doctor [PHI-Personal] give any suggestions for the urinary retention or
Patient: She, I didn't talk to her about that. Ok. Got you. All I talked to her about was the, uh, the pain and feeling like it's coming inside out. And when I looked at, I just did a quick Google, I have all these problems with my eyes, which is something I wanna ask you about before I hang up. But, um, so I can't really Google much as quickly once in a while. But, um, I, I was feeling just like it was just like I said, like, like I just turned inside out or something, you know. So when I googled that symptom, all the stuff came up like urethra prolapse and I'm like, I didn't even know there was such a thing that, like, really freaked me out and, and, and it said under that everywhere it says the, so that pain doctor there, no pain with prolapse. So, I don't know if that's right. Yeah, because everywhere on the other side said pain and I, I just look at stuff if it says [PHI-Geographic] or, you know, something. Yeah. Something more
Nurse: Reputable. I got you. Yeah. I mean, I, I'd be surprised. Um, so you're, you're wondering if, if that, you know, could potentially apply in
Patient: Your case? Yeah, that if that could have been a possibility and which of course, it's really scary thought. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah, I would say, you know, uh, with prolapse, I mean, um, you know, without being, uh, I mean, I know obviously you can't see but if you have like a mirror too, you can also kind of see if, whether or not you have that pro, you know, that prolapse area because it's gonna look like a bulge right there where the urethra would be, you know, it's like, you know, usually it just like a little
Patient: [PHI-Personal] I pass out if I, I'm like, too scared to look.
Nurse: Got you, got you. But you would notice like a change, it would protrude too, you know, like, um, like it, it would start to stick out because, I mean, that's essentially what, what it means is that it's kind of pushing out of the normal body
Patient: Cavity. I haven't, I haven't, you know, but it just, I have that sensation but I haven't felt. Got you. Got you. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's something to think about. I mean, I, I think, uh, it's definitely worth mentioning to her, like, if, if you're not because I might, you know, if it's ok with you, I might see if she has some suggestions for the urinary retention because if you're not, I mean, do you feel like if you strain hard enough, you can get it out but you just have to really, really strain to get it out. Is that kind of, is that
Patient: It takes a long time, little bit at a time and it, and it, most of the time it doesn't feel like it's total relief, you know, totally
Nurse: Empty. Yeah, because you know that, that if you are retain urine, that also can lead to a UT I or lead to infection or inflammation too. I know you said that the culture though was negative, right?
Patient: Yeah. There was no bacteria in, it was nice.
Nurse: Yeah. Oh, actually. Oh, yeah. No growth. Yeah. So, you know, ii I wonder too, um, if that's, you know, maybe just holding that urine is just like irritating to the bladder, you know, because it's not draining all the way. Um, let see if she wrote anything else here. Yeah. I'm gonna just touch base with her. Um, just about that. Now, you've never taken anything for, like, urinary retention, like, oxybutynin or
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. No. Ok. No.
Nurse: Got you. And it's always just kind of come and gone where you had it for a bit and
Patient: It's, it's kinda, it, yeah, I mean, it lasted a long time last time because it's like it was apart, it started with the beginning of the IC symptoms and they're really bad. But even when the, the other symptoms cleared up, that still lasted a long time, it only had gotten better pretty recently. And now when I started getting these symptoms again, it's back again.
Nurse: Yeah. Ok. Yeah, I definitely wanna check in with her because, you know, I'd hate for it to become, get to a point where you can't get anything out and then, you know, you'd have to go to, like, the emergency room, um, you know, in the event that it was too hard to, like, force out the urine. So I'll touch base with her and just see if she has any other suggestions on that. Um, would you say that you've been having the symptoms for the last, like, would you say a couple of weeks, a month? Yeah.
Patient: Yeah. And like I said, around when the, it
Nurse: Started? Ok,
Patient: It's only better for a few months.
Nurse: Yeah. You said just recently when you had resolved the last, ok.
Patient: About, well, it was, like I said, the other stuff had resolved other symptoms, but that was still a problem almost ongoing and, and finally just recently it was, like, you know, finally had gotten, seemingly, gotten resolved and now with all these other symptoms it's back to. Yeah, I didn't, I was just starting to get, I had just started to get, like, this in the [PHI-Personal] day. Maybe of it being really bad of the other, the pain been really bad when I saw doctor. So, uh, I wasn't thinking as much about that as I was worried about the pain. Yeah.
Nurse: No, that's understandable. And we all think like after we walk out, oh, I should have said this, I meant to say that, you know, I do it all the time. So that's completely fine. Um, yeah, I will definitely, um, just touch base with her just to see what she thinks, especially since it's been ongoing. Like you said, it seems like it comes and goes and I'll touch base with her about that and then I'll reach back out to you dear. Ok.
Patient: Do you guys? I'm having all kinds of other issues and I really need, I can't, like I said, I have all these problems with my eye. Like the ophthalmologist said forth, cranial nerve palsy and all these things. And I, I was referred to the specialist place in [PHI-Geographic] that I don't have the money to go to. So it would be several $1000 out of pocket and I've been on disability for a loan for like 25 years. Which was big time poverty. Um, so, but I really need, I just hit me today because I haven't been able to get any friends to do it. I really need somebody. They can, sometimes they can do some research for me because I, I need to get out of my house and research area. I can't look online. I need to invest to be able to research things like a tiny home is a possibility, but that would be a lot of research and, well, life, all of life is a lot of everything is online now, you know, because what happens to me besides a lot of pain in my right eye is constantly spasming really big time and then running and burning real intensely and then hurting and it gets really blurry and I apparently need new prism glasses. But now they're so every doctor is telling me something else and apparently my are saying, going the opposite direction now and I wonder I have else because when I try to read very much I get bad, which last for days or week. And, uh, so, and I do have an appointment with [PHI-Personal]. Well, just, just a couple of hours. Uh, but I don't know, I, I'm gonna ask her specifically more this question, uh if she knows, but I, do you guys happen to no of any organizations or any places that maybe, you know, sort of provide that it sort of like volunteers or something to help because, I mean, like people that things are people that are blind or otherwise can't, you know what I mean?
Nurse: Oh, I see. Ok. Looking for someone who can help you, um, because your, your vision. Ok. I'm sorry, I was trying to follow. You gave me a little bit of a mouthful. I'm just trying to follow. So you're saying that, um, because of the vision problems it's hard for you to, to read.
Patient: I can't read, I haven't been able to read for years, even though I used to always read and I specially can't look at a screen because that triggers the pain vertigo very quickly. And, uh, I've been trying to, trying to find a way to get help really to know about financially. But then I thought, well, you know, right now I really need, I, I need, I can't go where I usually go to evacuate the hurricanes this year because of dog issues. Um, and now it's like I'm gonna have to try to find a hotel. I, I can't even research that, you know, that it's really causing me a lot of stress and, and really, I think affecting my safety truly, but it's certainly my ability to do the things I need to do, you know. And like, I just can't, you know, most of my friends are older than me and have, you know, have problems, see, and can't be online very much. And, you know, one of them has eye problems their own and, I mean, it's just like no one too busy. I mean, it's just, I can't get any help. Mhm. Mhm. And I thought, well,
Nurse: So if I'm understanding correctly, um, you were just kind of telling me that, you know, you need to be able to see the re, you're, you're trying to get the service so that you're able to find new housing or at least be able to look online to find out what your options are. And did you say you also need to find another ophthalmologist or did you say you already have an
Patient: Ophthalmologist? No, I'm trying to get it straightened up because they're his doctor, his special specialist in prison screwed up in one of two ways. And I don't know which way yet either how she wrote the script with my eyes going the opposite direction or, uh, if she, uh, just wrote it down. I, I don't know why the ophthalmologist tried to call him back last Friday morning before I turned my phone on, said he'd call again and apologize for all the problems, but I haven't heard back and he's, my office is so busy. He's always like, three hours behind and, but anyway, I'm trying to get all that, that I'm trying to get sort of trying to get some help for my eyes. But even if I, even the glasses I apparently need are over $1000. 0, my gosh. Um, and then I really need eye therapy. Vision therapy is, is what I was told, but I definitely can't afford that. That's another several $1000 and lots of trips to [PHI-Geographic].
Nurse: Uh huh. Yeah. No. What, what is the, um, like diagnosis that you got as far as
Patient: The ophthalmologist, him? And he diagnosed me as a, uh, cranial nerve for, he said that the, I guess the nerve is damaged somehow in the, yeah, muscle is paralyzed that runs behind, vertically, behind the eye and it, and it keeps my eye from turning in or out or whatever. Um And then which I had for the last three or four years. I'm sorry
Nurse: That you said you said extra
Patient: Is Yeah. Ok. And convergence and but, but here's the thing I his doctor who he says is really good and I had to pay out of pocket to see her. Mhm mhm. Told me that according to their old script, which is not the one I'm wearing. That's a different grows from a different doctor, but she had told me it was the same. But when I got the script, she wrote the, I've had the prisons to turn really strong prison. So I gotta go in the house. Me hang on, come on out, come on, big thunder, dark sky. Come on house but hang on. She's, she's mostly deaf here, right? Come on. How's let go? No, I don't think she's partied it. My dog. Come on, hurry up. Um, so anyway, his doctor who, who, uh, she said, well, it's not your glasses. Your prisms are the same as what I had before, which would still mean I need different ones. But I was really upset because I was hoping I just need a new prisms. And then that would help me again because even though I still couldn't read a lot I could, it, it, it helped, it helped significantly. So I could do little things online without getting vertigo. But she said that that wasn't it. And then I need to go to the special place in [PHI-Geographic], but I can't afford, they don't take my insurance. But, um, but anyway, the thing is, is when I saw the script, sh she was wrong. I mean, it wouldn't have been the same, you know, was before because she wrote it down because I need prisons to turn my really strong prisons to turn my eyes out. So I, I talked to that specialty place and I said, is that even possible if my eyes couldn't turn in, I had these really strong prisons to do that for him. Now, how is it that they need really strong prisons to go? I wonder, I'm having vertigo. My eyes are going the whole opposite way, you know. And, uh, and then they said it's very rare. It usually only happens with a concussion or a disease. Well, I know I've had a lot of falls which this can cause too. I've had like eight falls in the last two years. And I don't know, I've been trying to figure out why, but that's a common thing with this. They said as well as the vertigo. But he's, but, but I, I haven't ever hit my head so I know I haven't had a concussion in the last few years. So that would leave a disease. But I didn't think to ask him, well, what kind of disease, you know, could, could I have if this is really what's happening? Because it's looking more like my eyes. I have turned because she wrote a script for the uh you know, for a distance glasses and I need prisms there too and she wrote out. So, um anyway, that's another really big concern for me is, you know, why if they, if my eyes have just suddenly gone the opposite direction and that doesn't usually happen then that's what's going on and why did I just develop this fourth cranial nerve palsy? You know, I didn't used to have it because I used to be up all night on the computer and it never bothered me. So,
Nurse: Yeah. No, of course, of course. Yeah, I'm just, yeah. Oh my goodness. This is um oh gosh, that's so unfair. But um so from what I understanding, um if I can try to just kind of uh compartmentalize for a [PHI-Personal], um essentially the eye doctor really kind of screwed some things up for you as far as the ordering and, and the procedural side of things. Um And then you said she referred you out or they referred you out somewhere that would not take your insurance. Is that right? For the, for the re, was that for the rehabilitation services? Like the,
Patient: It's just, it's just, it, it's an eye specialty place like their neural vision specialist or something like that. And that's all they do and they do all these, it's like $1000 for the first two evaluations. Then the glasses would be $1000. And then the vision therapy, I think they said it's like $1500 for eight visits. Most people need at least 16 visits. They said. So we're talking like, what, 3000 for vision therapy? 2000, we're talking, you know, $5000 out of pocket and I can't afford food. I have tons of bit just charging food to keep going. So, um, and I can't, you know, it's such a struggle to try to pay my bills, which is all just for essential stuff. So I can't, is no way I have others. I don't have any way to even charge 5000 more dollars right now. I haven't had my homeowner's doubled, my flood insurance doubled. I'm just trying to deal with that. I'm so
Nurse: Sorry, dear. Yeah, that's incredibly unfair. Um, so, I mean, again, I'll, I'll try on my end to research a couple of these things I have because I see here that you meet with the [PHI-Personal] swe with social work too. Did she have any suggestions or do you still meet with them or? No?
Patient: Yeah, I'm getting ready. She's the one I said I have an appointment too at two o'clock today. Got you. I talk to her about every couple of weeks and, um, the, the, one of the problems I've had is that there doesn't seem to be much help in [PHI-Geographic]. Like there is in [PHI-Geographic] County.
Nurse: Yeah. You know, because I've looked into their meals on Wheels program before. But even that I have like a real long wait list, I believe. Have you tried that before?
Patient: I, not for myself. I used to get it for my dad and I lived in [PHI-Geographic] in [PHI-Geographic] and we had to wait forever with and even in Hill that is, uh it is.
Nurse: Yeah, definitely. It is a um, there is a wait list for because you're in what Newport area?
Patient: The problem for me with that is that I have all these digestive diseases and diet restrictions. So
Nurse: You, yeah, concern that the food wouldn't be sufficient for you. I see because I was about to say I know there was a food pantry in your area too because I had mentioned it to another patient. But if you're kinda, I mean, would you be interested in something like that or would you
Patient: Prefer? I was trying to find out but then I was dealing with all the, trying to deal with the house stuff and trying to pack some things up and, and it ever, you know, and I have II, I don't have a lot of ability so I haven't been able to, if, figure that out enough. I, what I would, what I do know is that I would need several panties and, and I probably wouldn't be it. I can't do gluten. So, and most of the food pan is a lot of gluten. Um, so I figured that
Nurse: I, I, yeah, go ahead. Sorry,
Patient: I didn't know if I would get, you know, enough out of it to build because like, I know not, not in here, but in [PHI-Geographic], I have a good friend whose husband became disabled and she had to quit her job. And so they, the food and they, she's always talking and they're able to get so I can't stand in the line ever. But it seems like some of them are up now since COVID but like they get up, she gets up super early. She waits for hours. She stands in line. She, you know, in the parking lot and then she says, like they give away, they give away like 3/4 of what they get or more and what, even what they get it. I don't know. I guess, I guess what I'm saying. Is I need to do that. So, and I need a plan, but it's been hard to try to accomplish all that because for one thing I was trying to, I kept trying to call Metro, I think it was metropolitan [PHI-Geographic] for their times and stuff. And I just kept getting like about five times. I got recordings that said they're, I forget the exact message, but it's kind of like there's nobody to take your call or something or something or call back later. And I could never, I never got through, but I, I was trying to find a few places that I could figure out where and when, and try to coordinate it and then, you know, and like I said, it has to be more, I could just drive up. Um, I can't. So, um, but I knew
Nurse: Of a food, let me see where this one was. Um, I can't say that's drive up one. And, um, yeah, so there is one I knew of. It's in, um, it was the Sheer Center and they offer hot meals, but they also have a food pantry that's open to anyone.
Patient: Um, what's the name of it?
Nurse: Um, it's, uh, [PHI-Geographic].
Patient: Now, can I go there? Because that's,
Nurse: Um, I, I believe so. Let me, let me pull up their
Patient: Website and most, most of the time I know they want you to bring proof of ID. Is this part of the county you live in, you know, let me double check
Nurse: Because I don't want to do you wrong. I was under the impression before that they did not. But let me, um, I'm gonna look it up right now for you dear. I know we said the computer. Um,
Patient: Ok,
Nurse: Here. No, no. Yeah, it says we do not turn anyone away. If you are in need, we can help. So they don't, they don't. Yeah,
Patient: I was, that's when I called you. Yeah,
Nurse: It's, um, yeah, [PHI-Geographic] and I'm on their website because I can give you their address and their phone number. Ok. Now, um, I think it's certain days but let me just give you the information first. So it's, um, [PHI-Geographic] and then it's, um, Tarpon Springs, Florida. And then are you ready for the phone number? Yes. Ok. It's [PHI-Account]. Ok. And then let me look at there because I know they have certain times and whatnot. Let me see. Now they also offer hot meals on Monday, Tuesday and Thursdays from 10 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. Again, I don't know what they're gonna offer, of course. And you know, but in the event that you ever wanna just, you know, to see, um, that's just something to keep in mind. But what is the food? Ok. Let me here, meal schedule, I guess. Yes, donations are needed year round.
Patient: Ok. Here we go.
Nurse: I'm sorry. So, it's the same hours, looks like, sorry, dear.
Patient: Are you still there? Yeah. Yeah. I, I wasn't hearing either. I think I had something on the phone.
Nurse: Oh, no problem. No problem. I was just looking for their hours. So, the food pantry hours, um, it's Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday, it says from 10 a.m. to 1 30. And, um, they say
Patient: Like, oh, sorry. Yeah. Mhm. So Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, Friday. Mhm. And so 1 30 is the pantry. Yes.
Nurse: And they said the entry to the pantry is located on [PHI-Geographic]. Boy.
Patient: [PHI-Personal], can you tell if it's a drive through or not?
Nurse: It doesn't say food pantry. No, it doesn't say, unfortunately. Yeah, this is just like people dropping off. Unfortunately. It doesn't say, dear. I'm sorry. That's
Patient: Ok. I, I'll call him because that's a pretty, that's at least 20 minutes away, maybe, probably farther.
Nurse: Yeah, I think it's about 20 minutes from you. Yeah. Yeah, I would say, yeah, definitely give him a call and just see what they have to say and then I'll keep looking to see if I can find out anything else. Um, and then, you know, I'll probably just reach back out to you anyway about what we talked about with the urinary symptoms and then we can kind of keep going from there if that's ok with you.
Patient: Yeah. And like I said, I mean, I know you probably, I mean, you, you, you guys office would probably refer me to [PHI-Personal] for this question, but I'll ask her today about this, uh, thought about because I, I bet you, I bet you anything there's people that do volunteer to do research or reading for people like that. Have you.
Nurse: What, what kind of phone do you have here?
Patient: I, I have an iphone. It's an
Nurse: Iphone does it because it should have like accessibility tools where it'll read to you. Have you ever looked into that?
Patient: Well, I have, I have tried some and I have something on there now but I haven't figured, find, found anything that actually works very well. And I think again, the, the rub for that for me is that I can't, like, look around long enough that you know what I mean? Mhm. I, I can't try to, again research it to figure out what's the best. Yeah, that's what
Nurse: I want to look that up. What kind of iphone do you have?
Patient: It's, uh, actually my best friend got it for me for my birthday a couple of years ago. So I think it's like a, uh, [PHI-Personal] pretty new one,
Nurse: Iphone. [PHI-Personal]. Yeah, le let me, let me do this because I don't, I'm actually have Androids, but I'm good with technology. So let me do this. I'm gonna hop off the phone with you. I'm gonna type up my message to doctor [PHI-Personal] about some of the things we talked about with the urinary tension, etcetera. Um I'm going to also look up some more information about your iphone, see what it offers for accessibility and then we can try to see if we can set up something that,
Patient: Well, here's the other thing. Now, before, before we do that, I have to, maybe I need to stop because I can't really read anything hardly from my phone because like the smaller the thing and the closer it has to be on envision the, well, it wouldn't matter. Right. Ok. Never mind. That doesn't matter. I probably wouldn't have to worry about reading hardly at all if I could do that.
Nurse: Yeah, you shouldn't have to read. I mean, it may just be a matter of us trying to find a way to get it turned on. Um, and maybe we can ask if she can do it for us in the setting to at least take you there. So you don't have to read a whole bunch of things. But, you know, I think it's worth a try. Um, at the very least, or if, you know, you're ever in conjunction with someone who can just, you know, get you to the accessibility strength, the setting usually that they have to do, um, for, you know, for people who are hard of hearing and for people who are our vision impaired. Um,
Patient: And it
Nurse: Should, it, they iphones come a long way. They, they usually have a software that will read like web pages to you out loud. Um But yeah, let me research that and see, see, you know, what we can do, at least as best we can give it a shot. Ok.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: All right. And then I'll reach back out with you a little later.
Patient: Ok. Thanks for being it. You're welcome. Bye bye. Bye bye.
