Nurse: Hi, this is
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal] calling. Hi, [PHI-Personal], how are you? I'm doing real good. I was just wondering if you could order my, uh, one prescript. Let him know. I need a prescription. Yeah, let me find your,
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: Go ahead. What is it? I need my Percocet.
Nurse: Ok. And where do you have that sent to
Patient: [PHI-Personal]? You know, express scripts? Ok. Everything goes through them. [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Do
Nurse: They give you a 90 day supply of those?
Patient: Since they're, no, they don't do that. I only get 60 pills and they want me to take two a day. But I, you know, I stretch it out like, so, no, they only give me 60 pills at a time and then, uh, they, they, they got it okayed with the mail lady. I have to sign for them so she just doesn't deliver them. I have to sign for them. Yeah, that's all taken care of.
Nurse: Oh, good. Now, did you hear anything about your shoes by any chance? No, I didn't.
Patient: No, no, I didn't. But I will let you know when I find out about them.
Nurse: Did they give you a time frame at all.
Patient: No, all she said was [PHI-Personal]. She said about [PHI-Personal]. So,
Nurse: And, um, so with the last time we talked, you increased the gabapentin for your feet. Is that helping you at all?
Patient: I, I think somewhat it is because it, they're not near as sore at, you know, at the bottom at the end of the day. Like they've been, I mean, they're still sore but nothing like they've been, I think maybe taking it, you know, more often might be helping.
Nurse: Yeah, that's what it's for, it's for nerve pain and that's likely what, what you're having. I mean, is it gonna take the pain completely away? Probably not. But if we can lessen that pain and make it.
Patient: Yeah. I know because some days it was really bad and my daughter took me again yesterday for my groceries and, uh, because she don't get much time to do it. So I gotta go when she can. And I, I did some walking and that, but then the more walking I did, I said to her, I think now I, I didn't even get through the whole store but I got what I really needed. And I said to her, I think my feet are telling me I better get home. So, well, hopefully I go so far with them and because I just can't find a pair of shoes that are comfortable, but at least I got some of my groceries yesterday. So that's one good thing that at home here walking around and without any shoes on, I'm fine. But as soon as I put a pair of shoes on, boy,
Nurse: I wonder if the diabetic shoes with the increased, um, medication will help. I wonder if that'll let you be able to walk a little farther.
Patient: God, I hope so. Yeah. But I love out there. I just love to cut the grass. I love cutting grass and doing things like that. And, uh, when they hurt I just can't do it, but I just love to do stuff like that outdoors and all. So,
Nurse: And it's so nice out too. Um, the other thing is, did you pick up the Jardiance yet? Did you start that at all?
Patient: Yeah. I picked, I just got that. Yeah, that just came in the mail. Yeah. And that, and, and when do you take that once? I have not darn many pills here. I don't know if I'm coming or going.
Nurse: Um, usually in the morning, um,
Patient: In the morning. Yeah. And what it, what's that for?
Nurse: It's for sugar. It's for diabetes.
Patient: Oh, for the sugar? Yeah. Yeah, I got that. And what was the other one?
Nurse: Yeah. So hopefully once that, um, helps even though your A one c looks, well, um, best is to get the actual sugars all under control with medication that might actually help too. Um, so you can take it with or without food, whichever suits you but it's best. Um, it, it absorbs pretty rapidly so you definitely wanna eat, you know, at some point shortly after you take it if you don't take it with food. Um, just so, you know, did you say you did take it yet or? You haven't started
Patient: It yet? No, I didn't, I didn't start it yet because I, I really didn't know when I should take it because I got that, that, uh, what you call Valsartan. I have to take that and I have to take that cloNIDine. I have the pain pill. I have the Jardiance. I have the, the D or vitamin D and my other vitamin that I'm taking and my Claritin, I, I've had darn many pills. I don't know if I'm coming up on and I never took pills. So I started going to doctor and I have all these pills. Never took a pill except Claritin. And that one a day that I picked up on my own that I never had a prescribed pill. Hm. Never. And I, and I said I felt good. I did everything and since I'm with him, all I'm doing is taking one pill after another. And I'm going crazy with pills here. I said to my daughter, I don't know if I'm gonna start taking it. I quit them all because I don't know. I, I just don't understand. I was doing, I was doing fantastic. Now I'm like a half the time, like a damn dish rag. I think it's from all the pills. I don't know. I think you don't know.
Nurse: Yeah. I think he's putting you on them because you are showing signs of the health issues that, like,
Patient: With cholesterol. I mean, I don't, I know they don't like me talking about doctor but he would always say [PHI-Personal], he said you're what you call flo around that much. He said it, I'm not really concerned because it, the one time they're out of whack and the next time you come back they're in whack again. He said you're just flopping all over the place and he never prescribed anything. And, and [PHI-Personal], I was, I was doing fantastic. Now, all I wanna do is lay around and sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep or like a darn dish rag. So I don't know if it's just too darn many pills or what it is. And I'm, I'm not lying. That's just, I just feel like an old dish rag and that's not me. Definitely not me.
Nurse: Yeah. Um, I mean, they always say, you know, you gotta look at your age. That's one thing. But the other thing is, um, not treating the sugar for so long. That might be why your feet hurt so bad. So, um, I think good old doctor [PHI-Personal] is on to something here with that one. Now, the other stuff, I don't know, I didn't look into enough. Um, were you having BP issues at one point
Patient: One, like one time I went and my BP was up and then doctor had given me a pill for it. But then it leveled out. I quit taking the pills. Didn't have to take it. Like if something goes bothers me, then my BP will go. But then it levels out. Never had to be on them con constantly. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. It's just me. I flop all over the darn place but [PHI-Personal], I was doing fantastic. My kids can't believe it. They all say I'm gonna live longer than them and blah, blah, blah. But now I'm actually nothing but a darn old dish rag that wants to lay and sleep and that's not me. Definitely not me. But I, you,
Nurse: You see him again? [PHI-Personal]? Um, are you gonna talk to him
Patient: About that? I'm gonna have to say something to him. Yeah. Mhm. Because it, it's just, it's just not me. I don't, I don't understand.
Nurse: Yeah. And I'm not really sure which one would be making you tired typically. Valsartan doesn't make you tired neither. The rosuvastatin. Do you take that one at night? That's for your cholesterol.
Patient: Well, I just got that one too. That's the one I just got with the, or what is it? Jardiance. Yeah. Yeah, because the other doctor when I was on, she put me on, had cholesterol and she took me off of them. So I didn't need them because I guess I flopped around and I guess it showed I didn't need them. So now he put me back on cholesterol again. So this is just way too many pills for somebody that never took any pills. Yeah. I don't mind taking the extra pain pills that I don't, and I take the, you know, for the BP, I take them every day life but to add all these other ones and not on, it's just not me, [PHI-Personal]. I just, I don't know, I don't know what to tell you but I sometimes I think I'd feel better if I didn't have to take them all. I don't know cause this definitely isn't me. So, and I didn't wanna call the body or anything. I mostly wanted, you said I could call you if I needed the prescription. I thought a bit quicker than you know, going to them down there. So. Oh yeah, you're not
Nurse: Bothering me at all. That's what I'm here for. But I just, I'm, you know, I don't, I don't want you to stop taking all your pills abruptly without talking to him and seeing
Patient: What he says. Well, I won't stop them completely. No like that, but I, I just don't understand it how I could go from not being on any pill at all and doing fantastic. And then all of a sudden start all these pills and feel like a darn old dish rag. Don't understand it. I'm
Nurse: Just, I'm trying to figure out which one might be. I mean, the Percocet can make you tired. But you've been on that for quite a while.
Patient: Yeah. And I only take one of them a day and I, I take that at night. Ok. I take that at eight o'clock at night so I can get, you know, until I'm ready for bed, then that'll help me sleep. Because if I get that much pain during the day, sometimes I fight it because I don't want to take another Percocet. You know what I'm saying? I, I feel like I'm, I don't wanna, I know you can't get hooked on them if you don't take, you know, over or something, but I just don't wanna get used to them. I want them to be there if I need them. Right. And that's what I do. The Percocet. I do not know. Very seldom. I'll take two a day. Very, very seldom because I just, I just don't wanna take two a day and I'd like to wait, take it about eight o'clock so I'm able to sleep. Yeah. It helps me that I can get through the night or whatever.
Nurse: Well, I will send that in for you. Um, do you want me to say something to him or would you rather talk to him about everything? Well, I'll,
Patient: I'll talk, I mean, I feel comfortable talking to Doctor [PHI-Personal], you know, I mean, we talk about everything but I, I don't mind talking to him but I don't know, I'm gonna, I'm just gonna tell him I, it, it, I just feel useless. And before I felt like I felt like I, I said, I felt like a million but I never had any problems or I don't understand. So well, I ain't a pill person and they have all these pills sitting here, like I said, yes, it's just too many to take. When do you take them? When don't you take them? Because I ain't a pill person. But yeah,
Nurse: My, I, I just think that, you know, you, you've had diabetes for a while and they've just been kind of watching it like it's a very, it's a mild case but at the same time it's obviously causing, you know, your feet, um, issue.
Patient: But I mean, feet issues been going on for, I can't tell you when the first time it, you'd have to look at my records when the first time I went back to, went to and told them that and my foot was all swollen up in the, I woke up with it swollen up in the morning and it went from there. But nobody ever mentioned diabetes. Even doctor [PHI-Personal], you know, he said it might be a mild case. He said we don't have to treat it or nothing. The next thing you know, I went and I was being all, all this stuff for diabetes and didn't know I had it. Yeah. I, I'm just,
Nurse: I'm shocked that nobody said anything to you and, like, made you realize that you truly do have diabetes. Um,
Patient: Oh, I, my, my furnace man's coming. I have to let my furnace is broke and he's coming. I have to let him in. Can you hold on? Hold on, hold on. I'm coming time. Let's see. I wanna show you who found this. She wants to know if this is anything where was it? She found it when she was cleaning the call out out of the barrel? Yeah or out of the call I can only tell you what it looks like. Do you want me to call you back [PHI-Personal]?
Nurse: Oh that's yeah sure if you want to that's fine or
Patient: If not just order my pills that's fine.
Nurse: Alright I'll check on you later in the month. Ok. Alright
Patient: [PHI-Personal] bye
Nurse: Bye. Alright bye bye.
