Nurse: Good morning. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Oh, my gosh. I finally got you. We finally got together. I'm [PHI-Personal]. Oh, hi.
Nurse: How are you?
Patient: I'm pretty good. Pretty good.
Nurse: Good, good. Um, how have things been going?
Patient: Ok. We've been better, I guess. Well, um, we went to a big car show. We're car fanatics and, um, [PHI-Personal] races and Zenda cars really big. And, uh, we went to this car show and he won everything. He won the biggest trophy for his car. I think that was a, uh, a good thing for him. He needed some kind of build up at that time. You know what I mean?
Nurse: Yeah, definitely.
Patient: It was so cool. We never expected. There's probably 100 and 50 cars there.
Nurse: Oh, goodness.
Patient: I know. So, so that was good because he ii, I can't tell how somebody else is feeling but I kinda know him by now and, you know, I think he needed that really bad because, uh, his race c, he can't do, he thinks he can do everything but he can't, you know, with his health. Number one, number two, we can't, he, it costs too much.
Nurse: Right. Yeah.
Patient: So, yeah, I, as far as his, um, what do I wanna say, mental state, you know, I think that really helped him a lot. You know, I gave him a boost when, when things were just going wrong with his other car. So, you know, that's what I said to him. I said he snaps out at the least little thing and I said you're gonna have a heart attack if you keep doing this.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, that's definitely, yeah, he,
Patient: He, uh, over the stupidest thing. I said, you know, what, what more could you really want? Except for his health. I know, I know his one eye is really, you know, it's really bad. He hardly can see anything out of it and he has other really bad problems. You probably know pretty much, you know what's going on with him and, you know, um, I had to talk with him even though sometimes things just go over his head. But, you know, I said you got to watch it. You're, you get too mad over the stupidest things. I said what? You have a race car? Well, he actually, he has two. I said you have a beautiful show car. I said, do you have a beautiful truck? I said your bills are all paid and you've been feeling good. I said you have nothing to be mean about. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Even my kid, I don't have kids but I call my great nieces and nephews. My I, they're all my kids and my kids. He, he even, we took the kids out. Um, my one, great niece, she had a interview at shoe Carnival to get a job. So I, she had called and wanted me to take her. I said, yeah, I'll take you, honey. So we took her to her interview and we picked up her brother and then we all went out to eat. I took him to lunch then and they went home and told their mom that he couldn't have been nicer to them, but he was nasty to me.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, I
Patient: See what I mean. And, and I think maybe, like I said, I can't tell how somebody's thinking but, you know, sometimes I, I think he told me years ago that he was jealous of me because not the way I, what I have what I look like, anything like that. It was the way I could handle things and you, you know how I, I was more outgoing and I could, you know, make friends really easily and stuff like that, that he was jealous of that. That was years ago. He told me that and that had to be something for him to tell me,
Nurse: Ok,
Patient: If you know what kind of guy he is.
Nurse: So
Patient: I'm doing pretty good. But that's like a little bit of my mental, my mental state. It, you know, when I get up, I get up in a, in a good mood usually and then it's shattered within a couple hours because, you know, I don't know how to say it. He just snaps out. He, he don't actually, you know, he don't, like, run me to the ground or nothing like that or call me names. It's not that it's, um, like, if, if, I don't know,
Nurse: Irritable, like, yeah,
Patient: If something don't go. Right. It's not really me. He's just nasty and all he says, what the f, what the f, yeah. And he's so good with my nieces and nephews. They're, he's wonderful with them kids.
Nurse: Yeah. Which is good. That, that's good, you know. Definitely. Um, you know, and, and I, you know, I don't know. Um, you know, has he thought it, has there been any, I know, you know, obviously with his, his health is ongoing but right now it seems like things are fairly stable with health. Um, but has there been any other, um, circumstances or events that have maybe changed in the last few months? That would have, you know, is, is he feeling like he's, um, stressed out or, or things like that?
Patient: Well, he is stressed out about his race car. We had to go to Luton to get a part and he can't find a part anywhere because the, we're into like the classic cars. He can't find a part for it. It sounds funny to say. But that, but his dad passed away [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Oh, ok.
Patient: And I think he hides a lot of that, how he's feeling about that.
Nurse: Right. Yeah. Absolutely. I mean, that would, you know, that's a, you, you lose a, lose a parent that's a, you know, a big, a big change in, in life, you know, regardless of, you know, at what, what age they, they pass, you know, when everybody grieves differently, the longer
Patient: You have them too, the more you, that you're having them around.
Nurse: Absolutely. Yeah. But,
Patient: Yeah, I, to me he grieved worse when my dad died. Ok. Ok. They seem closer than, than him and his dad
Nurse: Got you. Ok. Plus
Patient: He, you know, him and my mom were like, brother and sister. He likes the westerns and I'd always say, do we have to watch that again? He would go, he, my mom loves him too. He used to go over with my mom and they'd watch the Westerns together.
Nurse: Ok. Got you. That is really cute. Yeah, definitely. Yeah. Just, and, and, yeah, and you know, that big and that's, it's possible that, you know, some of that could be playing a role in, in how, you know, he is, how he has been lately. You know, it's, it's, uh, you know, just between stress and then if he's still trying to, um,
Patient: He's trying to go too much. Like, yeah, he spread too thin.
Nurse: Yeah. And that makes a difference too. Yeah. You know, especially, um, that, trying to find that that balance and, and get that kind of stress reduction, um, is not a, not a bad idea, you know, there's no reason to, to have, you know, um, so much stuff to do that it's all falls on, you know, on his, his shoulders, depending on what's going on. You know, if he can, if he's able to designate, um, or delegate any of that to, you know, somebody else to help him take care of it, whatever, you know, whatever the circumstance,
Patient: Nephews that are really close to him, one has a, um, a garage like, uh, you know, he does inspections and all that and he's really close to him and his other nephew. And I said to his other nephew that they, they do a lot of things together. He helps him at the garage a lot and, um, he's really close to him and I had to talk with him and I asked him if he noticed anything, you know, different about him and his name's [PHI-Personal]. And [PHI-Personal] said, no, not really. And I said, would you please just keep your eye on him because I don't, you know, but since him and I had that talk and I said about, you know, what do you have to be nasty about since we had that talk? He's been a lot better. Good,
Nurse: Good. Like maybe it kind of put into perspective that, you know, hey, she's, she's right. There's not, there's really not anything that's, you know, to be upset about or, or over stress about or anything, you know. Definitely. Um, I think the, the, the important thing is, is definitely kind of paying attention to if you see or notice that he, um, you know, obviously the, the mood changes as well as if you find that he, um, is losing pleasure in the things that he used to find pleasure in, you know, things that he used to do that used to be enjoyable to him. Um, if it ever, you know, if he ever seems like he's losing interest or, um, not having that, that motivation to, to keep doing some of those things that he enjoys. Um, that's definitely something, you know, we, yeah, wanna kind of address, you know, um, that, that, and I know sometimes, you know, sometimes after a loss and, you know, you feel like you've, you've grieved. Um, well, some people will tend to find that it leads to a little bit of, of like depression or, or anxiety just trying to deal with, uh, you know, get, um, to, uh, appropriately deal with the loss, you know, the grieving process can sometimes turn into more of a depression. Um, yeah,
Patient: In other way.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. So definitely things to, to keep an eye on and, you know, I guess, um, if things kinda, you know, don't, if they, if they would happen to go the other direction and not get, get any better um, I would suggest maybe he get in touch with Doctor, uh [PHI-Personal] and, and get an appointment, um, to discuss what's going on and how he's, how he has been, been feeling and the things that
Patient: He wouldn't ever, he won't say anything to do. You know what he'd say to Doctor [PHI-Personal]? Any question he asked him, like, about his, um, daily life or his feelings. He would say he's good. I know. I know. He would say that I'm good. I'm good. I'm
Nurse: Good. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah, he would say that. I know for sure. But, um, uh, since I had that talk he's a lot better because that has a lot to do with my, my mental state.
Nurse: Right. Yeah.
Patient: And I didn't live my life. I'm [PHI-Personal] I don't live my life so live the last part of it that way.
Nurse: Right. Right. Yeah. And it's indefinitely, you know, that's, um, you know, something that it affects, it affects you, um, as well as him when, yeah, definitely. That, that, uh, you know, makes a, makes a huge difference on, on how you feel and how you cope from day to day as well. Um, you know, and that's, we don't, we don't want to want to, you know, want you to have, you know, troubles and, and feel, um, feel down or anything like that either. Um, you know, and lucent I was actually going to, um, you know, I have to do one of those, um, depression screenings a couple times a year, uh, with all of the my patients and, um, wanted to just ask you a couple of those questions if you don't mind. Ok. Um, so if you're familiar with these, with these, uh, um, they're called P HQ nine screenings, um, the answer process is, is not at all several days, more than half the days or nearly every day. Um, and this is based on about the last two weeks. Um, so in the last two weeks, have you had any, or noticed any troubles with, uh, little interest or pleasure in doing things?
Patient: Uh, what was the se not at all? What's after? Not at all?
Nurse: Uh, several days m, uh, more than half the days and then nearly every day.
Patient: No, I, I would say, um, I'd say maybe about once a month.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: Ok. It, it, it's how he, he acts. What does it to me? Ok. But then sometimes I think, you know, if he, if he's like that, why [PHI-Personal] my day. Right. No, I, I'm going on like, you know, I, I would do what, no matter how he acted unless it was health problems.
Nurse: Right. Yep. And I think that's, that's good that you don't allow him to have the way he feels or the way he is acting and you don't allow that to affect how your day goes. Definitely try not to. Yeah. Yeah. And I know that can be definitely hard to do, you know, for sure. Um, how about in the last two weeks? Have you felt down depressed or hopeless?
Patient: What, the last two weeks? Yeah. Um, maybe once I'd say,
Nurse: Maybe once. Ok. Yeah. Ok. Um, have you had any troubles with falling or staying asleep or sleeping too much in the last two weeks? No, no. Ok. How about, uh, feeling tired or having little, little energy in the last two weeks?
Patient: Yeah. I've been feeling that way for a while. Ok.
Nurse: Ok. Um, how about poor appetite or overeating?
Patient: Uh, it's either one or the other,
Nurse: It kind of go kind of go plays one way or the other, huh?
Patient: Yeah. Right now I'm like, uh, I could care less.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. Um, but I,
Patient: I'm, I can carry my weight a little bit because I have a lot on me.
Nurse: How about, um, feeling bad about yourself or that you are a failure or have, let yourself or your family down any feelings like that? No. Ok. Do you have any troubles with concentrating on things such as reading the newspaper or watching television? Yeah. Ok. Um, how about moving or speaking so slowly that other people could have noticed or the opposite being so fidgety or restless that you have been moving around a lot more than usual in the past two weeks. No. No. Ok. Um, and how about, um, in the past two weeks? Have you any had any thoughts that you would be better off dead or of hurting yourself?
Patient: No, not at all. No.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. All right. Um, so that is all of the, um, screening and, um, you know, I, I think it's, it's good that, you know, you try to not let, um, you know, if, if Cliff is having a bad day that you try not to let you know how he feels or how he's being, um, affect your day. Um, do you have certain coping mechanisms that you use lucent to kinda, um, you know, offset that so that, you know how he's acting isn't overtaking, overtaking your day.
Patient: Yeah, I, I'm not gonna say not at all but I try to shake it off and then, you know, I've been trying to, um, see I'm crippled. Right. So, before he did everything for me, I mean, I couldn't have got the operations I got without him. He was right there with me. He couldn't have been all the people at the home said, oh, I wish he was my guy but he'd come and rub my feet. He'd come twice a day and, and for a long time he had to almost do everything. And now I've been trying to, um, I'm getting around a lot better and, um, as far as driving, I kept my license, it's sometimes hard for me but it's not the driving part. It's getting in and out of the car like today. Um, he takes my niece to work a lot, like twice a week. And today I said, well, you sleep in, I'll take her, you know, I said you sleep in for one, I'll take her. I've been trying to take some of that burden that he normally does off his plate.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: Which is a good thing for him because the first time II I did it, he said I didn't think you were gonna do it. And I said, no, I, I can drive if I have to or like, um, when the kids need a ride and stuff like that, I can do that, you know, take some of that off of him because we're the taxi of our family
Nurse: Got you. Ok. Yeah, that's, and that's good too. And that, that's very, very, very helpful that, you know, that you're, um, you know, working and that's, that's kind of what it's all about and, you know, in a relationship is, is working, working together when the other one isn't necessarily up to snuff, you know what I mean? Or not feeling good or things like that. So that's good that, you know, there is, is that, um, going on and that's great because, you know, um, with, with [PHI-Personal], if he, you know, as long as he can, um, kind of keep that stress lowered, then his, his health should stay, you know, pretty, pretty stable too. Um, you know, because any time that you get, um, stressed out or overly anxious or worked up about things that raises your BP. Um, yeah. And, you know, and, and we don't want to see that, you know, long term or every day where his BP is, is raised. Yeah. Um, exactly. Because like you said, that puts him at risk for, for having a heart attack or having another, you know, having any other, um, cardiac type of event and, and we, we don't want that either. You know, that, um,
Patient: I think what's behind a lot of his is, um, you get older, your body changes and he's not dealing with that, I think because he can't drive at night. I mean, the kids don't know, don't call him after eight or in the winter. You know, he can't, he can't drive at night and, like, as far as racing his car, if, if there's a race at night he couldn't join in, ok, for his own safety and the, the other people that are racing and he knows that. I think it bothers him a little. Oh,
Nurse: I'm sure. Yeah, that would be because that's a big change, you know, if that's something that, you know, you have to adjust to and it, that's, you know, that is a, that is a tough, tough change as your body changes and, and trying to adjust to all of those changes. Um, you know, and, and having to, I know some people they struggle with you know, they went from, you know, doing really well and having to really not take hardly any medications to, having to be put on, you know, 345 different medications, um, you know, over, uh, a certain event that had happened and then they go back and they think, you know, well, what kind I have done differently. What did I do? You know? And there's, and, and I always reassure people, you know, that's it. There's nothing you, you can do. Just keep, you know, you've got, um, just keep an open mind. Remember that, you know, our bodies change over time and um that I know that is very hard for people to, to uh adjust to the new
Patient: Like me. I lost almost all my hair from having COVID last [PHI-Personal]. This is not this the past [PHI-Personal] and it's just starting to come in now. But that really took a toll on me. But what I would do is fix it at what I had as good as I could. And then I have to just quit looking in the mirror because I could like go the other way and I think just call it and get on with your stuff.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. But it's
Patient: Starting to come in. Uh uh that was one thing that my hair. Everybody used to say, oh my God, look at that girl's hair or, you know, the girls I work with were jealous of my hair. They always said, and that was one thing that took me down. Yeah. Yeah. But I didn't let it go too bad. Yeah. I thought, you know, it is what it is. I can try to, I take vitamins now and, you know, it's starting to come in. So that makes me feel a lot better.
Nurse: Good, good. Yeah. That's, that is good. That, that's growing, growing back and, you know, that is, and it is, that's a, you know, big, that's even a big change, you know, you have, have COVID and, and that, you know, can flip your life up around and upside down too, you know, depending on how you, how you do with it. So, I mean,
Patient: It's, yeah, that was a little bit hard on me, but I'm taking it, you know, I'm taking it, I would say pretty good.
Nurse: Yeah, definitely. Yeah, it sounds like, I mean, it sounds like you're, you know, you're getting, getting around and, and, you know, um, trying to, to do different things to help out, you know, like you said, given rides and, um, you
Patient: Know, I'm really close to my neighbor next door. She's, um, she's alone, she's like in her [PHI-Personal] and she's very spiritual, which I like, it's not that big kind either. You know what I mean? She's genuine. She always says, uh, see my gym is cooking for people. I love to cook. I love to and I don't like to make something just for me because [PHI-Personal] very limited on what he likes to eat. So when I make something, I usually send her over something to eat. And she just says I take the best care of her cl uh [PHI-Personal] too because he, you know, we keep our eye on her. But she's very, she goes to the gym. She's, um, somebody I look up to. Ok. And I just, I just love her. She's, um, you know, she was real reluctant at first to take the food and [PHI-Personal], took it over to her and he said, please, he, he said that's [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. So
Patient: She's, uh, she's good with it now. She always says, uh, we take the best care of her.
Nurse: Oh,
Patient: Yeah. So I can, he does anything for her. And then me, when we had COVID, my niece had it too. He went and got our groceries went and got my niece's groceries. He's just, you know, he's a stand up guy as far as that kind of stuff goes.
Nurse: Yeah. Sounds like it. Yeah, definitely. You know, and I, and I think, I, you know, I think, um, I agree with the fact of, you know, that maybe just the, the changes in the last few years with his, his health, his body, you know, things like that. I think that probably is, you know, when he's in noticing the things that he's, you know, not able to do anymore, like you said, drive at night. That's, that's probably, you know, probably feels like something is being taken away from you. You know what I mean? Like one of your, one of your abilities, you know, and I could see where that would be really hard to deal with, you know, those types of changes. Um, and makes us, we
Patient: Keep an eye on his mother too. She's alone now, which she hasn't been alone this [PHI-Personal], her and her husband would have been married [PHI-Personal] years.
Nurse: Oh, goodness. Ok.
Patient: Yeah. So we keep our eye on her but she's doing wonderful. She's doing, I said to her one day I went over and I cook for her too. Sometimes. Like, if I make a, a big pot or something, I send her over stuff because she don't like to make a big, you know, it's hard to make some things just a little bit. And, um, she's doing, actually she's doing great, which helps us a lot. She, um, I said to her the one day I said, do you ever get bored? And she goes, what would I have to, why would I have a reason to get bored?
Nurse: Oh.
Patient: Not the answer I was expecting at all. Uh,
Nurse: No, definitely not. Yeah,
Patient: She does flower arrangements. I said you should have worked at a, a florist in your young days. She does beautiful work. Well, she lives in a, um, it's, you have your own apartment. But, yeah, it's like assisted living kinda where she lives at. And, um, you know, she makes flower arrangements for the whole place and then sometimes when people come to visit they'll buy an arrangement. She has prices on them. And I went in her spare bedroom the other day and her, the whole bed was loaded with flowers.
Nurse: Oh, goodness.
Patient: I said to her, how am I gonna stay overnight when your bed's all covered with flowers? Oh, she made me some beautiful arrangements. She has, uh, really talented.
Nurse: That's awesome that she's, she's able to keep busy with doing those, those flower arrangements and she's, you know, got, got, uh, activities that she's, you know, keeping busy with. That's awesome. Very awesome.
Patient: Yes, it is. So, you know, as far as like on the surface and everything, we're, we're doing pretty good,
Nurse: Good, good for
Patient: Everything you have to deal with. It's like every day. I, uh, like I said, I took my niece to work today and the poorest thing she's having really bad cramps.
Nurse: Oh, I said,
Patient: Honey, I said I can't, I haven't had them for years. I said, but I know they're, they're a pain in the butt.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah. So I, we, we talk, she goes, well, she works at [PHI-Personal], uh, oh, family practice. She works there. So I, she goes, well, what if they, she goes, I forgot my key to get in. And I said, well, I'll wait with you until somebody comes it's no big deal.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah.
Patient: So, you know, they, her kids call me, their grandmother really? Well, their grandmother, once her son had a baby she threw all them to the curb.
Nurse: Oh, yeah. Really?
Patient: My sister and I, we're, we still are friends and, and talk and my niece doesn't like it. But I said to her as far as what she's done to you and your kids, I'm not on board with it at all. And I said, but she is my sister and as long as we don't get on that subject, we're not too bad. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah.
Patient: I, I just, I don't know how she could have done that and it's really bad and them kids took it bad too. Oh,
Nurse: I'm sure. I'm sure. Yeah, that,
Patient: You know, that plus my poor niece, she, she got slammed two ways for one with the kids and the other with her.
Nurse: Oh, no. Really? Yeah.
Patient: Her, yeah. What her mom did to her and stuff. It's ridiculous. Oh, you know, life's too short. I, I just wish they would make up. I'm, I'm kind of in the middle but I'm not.
Nurse: Yeah, I was just gonna say you're kind of, kind of a little bit in the, the middle in a sense. Um, you know, I think it's, I do think it's good and I, I agree, you know, it's just like, uh, like you said, you know, she is still your sister. Um, but looking at it from, from the kids' point of view too and, you know, you're there to support them as well. Which is great. That's, that's awesome. Um, and that would, that would be, that, that's a hard, that's a hard situation to, to be in. Yeah.
Patient: So, yeah, I love that. My niece and them kids to death, plus her son's little boy that makes the kids not care for him as much because she do on everything he does says and everything and, you know, they like him, they like him but it makes it hard for them to like him.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, I'm sure. But,
Patient: But for all in all they, you know, they, uh, they like him but, you know, I can see where it could be, you know what I mean? Yeah. I don't know the word to say for it.
Nurse: No. No, I know what you're, what you're saying. Yeah, I, um, it definitely, yeah, there's, it seems it's, it's, it, you've got, you know, it seems like things, um, you know, it obviously life throws all sorts of curves at everybody, you know, everybody and it's, it is hard to sometimes figure out good ways to deal with certain situations and, and it's, it takes a lot of, you know, um, sitting back and kind of thinking, you know, well, let's see, how could I, you know, how can I handle this? What would be the best way? But still have my best interest in mind too, you know, to keep yourself in view because you don't want, um, any of that to be putting your health or anything at risk either. You know. Um, and, and I know, um, people don't always, always realize that necessarily but the, you know, when you're having troubles with your, your mental health or, um, you got a situation that's really put you, um, you know, in a, in a mental health, um, you know, a different state at that point. You know, it's, it definitely does affect your physical health too and well being, you know, it can for sure. You know, and that's, that's where you get, you know, you're kind of like, ok, well, we need to do now. I need to do something to figure out how to deal with the situation or, you know, try to relieve that stressor. Um, so that my physical health is not, not also affected. Um, you know, and, and I, it's lots of, lots of things to think about when I, you know, when it comes to, to health wise. Um, you know,
Patient: Baby, my little baby's here. Oh, my hobby. He's our cat. He's our love.
Nurse: Oh.
Patient: Oh, my God. He loves [PHI-Personal]. He just, you know, sometimes he, he sleeps all day and the minute [PHI-Personal] comes in the door he's up.
Nurse: Really? Oh, that's so cute. So, it sounds like good support. Good support animal there, for sure. Definitely
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. Um, recliner. He goes over and he has two places he gets settled, one on [PHI-Personal] flap and one on the, the part that comes out for your feet, he'll lay on that with [PHI-Personal], like, almost every night. And then he [PHI-Personal] has that long beard and then he tries to give [PHI-Personal] kisses. Oh. And he goes, no, no, no.
Nurse: Hm. Oh, that's so sweet. I, I love when animals are, are, you know, being good support, they know they know when, when we need them, you know. Um, they definitely, yeah, they really do and, you know, they really put us into perspective too because, you know, cats, dogs, um, you know, they, they tend to, um, what do I wanna say? They tend to have their own way or own. Um, what do I wanna say their own way of, of making us feel better and, and they, they really, um, they, they just don't do their kind of, yeah, they don't really have that, that care in the world. They're gonna love you unconditionally no matter what. Um, you know, they don't, they don't place judgment and I guess is, you know, on the situation or anything, they, they love you no matter good, bad all the way around, you know, whatever is going on and that's, that's really special too. Uh, it is. It is. And then I think it's a good, a good, um, help for anybody who is having troubles with, with their mental health. Uh, you know, getting a pet going to, like, even volunteering at, like, the animal rescue leagues or something is also something that's very stress relieving. I feel like too, I can never do that. What's that? Work at the animal rescue league?
Patient: Yeah. No way. I can't stand if any animals hurt or anything. I can't take it. Yeah, I, uh, I can't, it hurts my heart so bad.
Nurse: Yeah, that would be, that would be really, really tough too. I, I know, um, I have a friend of mine who, who works at one of the animal rescue leagues and, and, uh, she, it obviously, you know, very, very, very big pet person and she's, you know, seen a lot of sad cases and stuff but a lot of times what she, what she takes joy in is the fact of she gets to go out, um, that, yeah. Yep. And she gets to go out in the, the afternoon and evening hours and go, like, let the dogs out and run and play and, you know, so she really enjoys that portion of it. Yeah. Sometimes
Patient: They make you take you back in life like they're just so, uh, like a little kid. No cares and makes you feel like younger or something. I don't know how, how it is. He does that for me.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. When he does
Patient: Really silly stuff and what he does a lot. Oh, that's the best one outside too.
Nurse: Ok. Oh, cute.
Patient: We call, I call him. It's a short version of [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Yes. Yes, definitely. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah. He's a big part of our family but he will not come in. He really, yeah, he, he killed six pigeons so far out on our porch.
Nurse: Oh, goodness. Yeah, he's been out of,
Patient: Oh, my God. It's terrible. I, the other day I went to go out, I had just socks on and I have a, a carpet in front of my door and I have to step over a, a height, like to get to our porch. It's only like, two inches high. But me being crippled, I can't just reach down from my doorway and do it. So, when I opened the door, oh, my God. I went to step down and there was a pigeon gutted right there.
Nurse: Oh,
Patient: No. Yeah. Yeah. I, I put the food as close as I could down on the, the porch and came in and I said to [PHI-Personal]. Oh, my God. He got another one. You got to get rid of it. I can't go out there.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. Oh, goodness. Just one of those he's on.
Patient: I, I pet him and give him cat net and feed him every day. But I said to [PHI-Personal], you know. Um, he bit me the other day but it wasn't me, uh, the mean kind. It was like for me to keep petting, you know what I mean? Oh, ok. And I said to [PHI-Personal]. I never want to make him mad. What I've seen him done to a pigeon.
Nurse: Oh, goodness. Yeah,
Patient: Basically we're, you know, all in, all for what we're dealing with. We're doing pretty good, actually.
Nurse: Good. Good. Yes. And that's good to, good to hear. I'm glad that things are, are going, going well at this point. And, um, nobody's really had any troubles with any, like, headaches or dizziness or, um, you know, cough or colds or anything like that lately.
Patient: No, but I'm gonna have [PHI-Personal] look at my, my neck. It's like you slept wrong. But I didn't.
Nurse: Ok. Uh, on one specific side rather than the other,
Patient: More on my left side,
Nurse: Left side. Ok.
Patient: Ok. But you know what I think it's coming from, is that TMJ? Oh,
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, that's
Patient: What I mean, like gritting my teeth and, um, the only thing I can really do about that I had a [PHI-Personal] is maybe have somebody, the dentist make me, uh, a thing to put in my mouth at night to keep from gritting my teeth.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah. Kind of like a little, um, like a mouth piece or like a retainer type thing. Ok.
Patient: There's not much else you can do about it and you know what I mean? There's not a lot you can do for it.
Nurse: Yeah, that's very true.
Patient: Yeah. And I noticed I do it during the daytime sometime too.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. Yeah. Well, I would say definitely have, have actually take a look at that. Um, let's see. Uh, do I have your next appointment at the end of September? Does that sound about right? Yes. Ok. Ok. Um, yeah, definitely. Have her take a look at that and see what, you know, what she, what she thinks if it is from, from the TMJ,
Patient: Um, side, that side too where my, my jaw doesn't line up. Right. It's on my left side.
Nurse: Ok. Oh, yeah. So that definitely could be, be the, be a definite possibility. Yeah. I, you know, um, and, uh, you know, or have you done any, like, heat or anything to your left side of your neck or taken anything for, um, the, the pain or the discomfort?
Patient: Not really.
Nurse: Ok. Ok.
Patient: Not really. I, during the day, I don't know. I mean, I'm not [PHI-Personal] homemaker or anything. I love to cook. But during the day I, I find things like mom, I don't usually get too bored. I'm usually, like, find something to do or a recipe I look up or I'm hooked on the cooking shows and I usually, like, find my own way. No. Yeah. To get through the day. Yeah. That's all my niece just said to me. I wish I could be like you. Then you, she goes, even when you're, you're a bitch, you're nice. Oh, my goodness. I said, not really. You haven't really seemed the worst to me. And then I said, Well, yeah, maybe you have.
Nurse: Oh, yeah. Uh, well, I just was thinking, I thought, you know, if there is, um, if you do have some, some discomfort and like at, at night when you get towards evening, um, you know, if you're, you're watching TV or something, you could put some, some, like a heating pad on that, the left side of the neck just in case, you know, um, just kind of relieve any, um, discomfort or pressure or anything to that side. Um, that might help a little bit. Um, and obviously, you know, definitely if it gets, if it, if anything would change, if you notice more symptoms or it get the pain gets worse or it gets more uncomfortable, um, probably better to, to see [PHI-Personal] sooner than sooner. Yeah. Yeah, for sure.
Patient: Well, I already thought of that. Really. I, that's what I said. If it gets, gets any worse or it continues, like, all day long and, you know, it doesn't relieve me at all. Yeah. Like it, not there all, all the time.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. Just kind of something that when it does come about you it's noticeable essentially. Ok. Ok. Well, I had
Patient: A pinched nerve in my neck a long time ago.
Nurse: Those are painful. Oh, my gosh. I
Patient: Know. Yeah, it was awful. And then I got muscle spasms. Oh, well, it does seem like the back of my neck that your spleen, it goes up into the back of like the back of your head. It, when I turn my head, you could hear it grind like, oh, yeah. And now I haven't had that happen since then.
Nurse: Thank goodness.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah, because I had to wear a neck brace and, um, get in a warm shower and let it pulsate on my neck and, but yeah, I, that could possibly be something to do with it too.
Nurse: Yeah, that is very possible. Yes. And, yeah, I would honestly definitely keep an eye on it and then just kind of let us know if it's, if it does get worse. Um, and you could try the, the heating pad. I don't know if it would, you know, if it would work or not, but you could definitely try it and it's not gonna hurt anything. Um, no, you know, just to, to see if it, if it does anything to loosen anything up, you know, or, or, um, kind of let that make the pain, maybe go away for, for longer periods of time or, you know, when it, um, yeah, less noticeable. But, yeah, I think, you know, I think that's, uh, sounds like a good, good plan. Um, how about if I, is there a specific time or, um, specific day next month that, that, uh, works better for you for, for the next phone call?
Patient: Uh, it seemed like we just couldn't get together the last time. Yeah.
Nurse: Kind of like playing phone tag a little bit.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. Really? Um, I can't really say, um, I would say at this time usually, um, I, I usually plan my morning. I do the same thing. Almost, not quite the same thing, but I have my things I wanna get done before I can relax, I guess to say it that way. But, um, usually a, about this time I'm usually, like, pretty good. I have supper going or I have the stuff I need to do in my own mind. I have it pretty well under control. So I would say around this time.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, that sounds, sounds good. Um, and definitely, you know, let us know if you need something in between the, the monthly phone calls and we can, you know, get whatever's going on addressed and, and get, uh, get things going that direction too. But, um, I'll just plan on touching base with you, uh, towards the end of, of next month, around the same time and, um, we'll just kind of go from there. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Oh, thanks for listening.
Nurse: Well, thanks for, for, um, I'm glad we were able to actually, you know, get back in and get in touch with each other and not miss each other this time. Um, so I'm glad we were able, able to touch base. It's good to hear that, that things seem to be, you know, going, going fairly well. So, um, that's, that's a good, good thing and of course, like I said, um, something changes or you need something, just give me a call. Ok. Ok.
Patient: All
Nurse: Right. You have a good rest of your, so, uh, no problem Lucinda. You have a good rest of your day. You too. Thank you. Bye bye bye bye.
