Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal] with the care management team. How can I help you?
Patient: Yeah, hi, I'm just giving you a call back. I missed your call. I was helping a customer at this, uh, at the moment.
Nurse: Oh, ok. Well, I appreciate getting back to me. Uh, may I have your name?
Patient: Uh, my name is [PHI-Personal]. Last name is [PHI-Personal] ndp.
Nurse: Ok. Oh, ok, [PHI-Personal]. Yes, I appreciate it. I know. Ok. So you were calling on behalf of [PHI-Personal], correct? Uh,
Patient: Yes, probably.
Nurse: Oh, see double check. Ok. Yes. Ok. Um, so I was calling, uh, because I wanted to go over the information about the program doctor is offering for [PHI-Personal]. Do, do you have a couple of minutes for me to go over it? Yeah. Sure. Ok. Uh, [PHI-Personal], the call is recorded for quality purposes. Ok. Uh, it's a new care management program and that's where our nurse is gonna call and check in with him. See how he's doing in between office visits. Uh, she goes over his full medical health with him answering any questions, addressing any issues or concerns that he may be having. Uh, she'll also go over any medications that he's taking, you know, making sure they're working the way that they should be and that his conditions aren't worsening or if he just had questions about his medications or needed refills, uh if he had questions or needed help with like appointments, labs, community resources. Those are just some of the things that she would discuss with him during the phone call. Ok. Um, I do wanna let you know [PHI-Personal] that the service is considered to be an office visit. And so it's billable to Medicare and Medicare Advantage plans, secondary insurance carriers, uh subject to coinsurances and deductibles and copayments. So when he has contact with his dedicated nurse, he may get a statement from the practice for this service. Uh He does get to choose how often his nurse calls him. If you'd like the nurse to call once a month or once every three months, six months, even just once a year, that's up to him. Uh I do mail a letter to the program and then the letter will have his dedicated nurses' contact information. So that way he's able to call her if he had any questions or concerns also. Ok. Uh uh, would it be better for the nurse to call in the mornings or in the afternoons?
Patient: Um, actually someone called about this a couple months ago and we, we really, we're never really not interested in it.
Nurse: So, oh, I apologize about
Patient: That. No, that's ok. I, I didn't wanna, I didn't, I didn't want to interrupt you there.
Nurse: Oh ok. Well I appreciate that but yeah. Ok um well what, what I'm gonna do is because the program it, it help Bayer stay on top of how his patients are doing in between appointments with him. Uh, the program is designed to offer additional support for the patients as well. Uh I'm just gonna mail the information you could look it over if it is something you decide that, uh, you would be interested in. You could just let doctor or anyone else in the office know. Ok. All right, Jason. Well, you have a great day and stay safe. Ok. You too. Thank you. Thank you. Bye bye.
