Nurse: Hi, Tony, it's Melanie. How are you?
Patient: Well, I'm telling you, I'm still surviving but I got one situation. I have one situation here. Ok. Now I've, I've been taking this, I pronounce it correctly. Me put at all. Oh ra
Nurse: Oh metoprolol.
Patient: Yeah, there you go.
Nurse: Metoprolol or however you say it. Yeah, that's the BP one, right?
Patient: Ok. Now I, I've been taking that and II I requested at Rite Aid and they said we can't give it to you because it can't be re uh renewed. Ok. They're gonna get in touch with Doctor [PHI-Personal] but I've been waiting and waiting and waiting. So I want to know if that that's gonna be uh discontinued or what?
Nurse: No, I'm, I'm gonna send. So what, what usually happens is the pharmacy reaches out to the office and the office must not be answering them quick enough. So, are you out of it?
Patient: Yes, I've been out of it for a while. Oh
Nurse: Dear.
Patient: Now my, the last three days my blood uh my blood sugar was 1 89 1 61 and 1 59.
Nurse: Ok. So this one that you're talking about is for your BP. Oh yeah. So do you check that at home?
Patient: Beg your pardon?
Nurse: Do you check your BP at home? Yes. How's that been?
Patient: Oh no, not my BP. My blood sugar. I'm sorry?
Nurse: Yeah. Ok. All righty. So um are there any other ones that you're out of?
Patient: Not right now?
Nurse: Ok. Alrighty. So
Patient: Usually Rite Aid is pretty good on, on uh renewing,
Nurse: Right? It's probably not their fault. It's probably the office isn't responding fast enough it seems like um well, actually you're like the third call I've gotten today and not necessarily Doctor [PHI-Personal] patients, it was a different office but uh I think these offices must be short handed or this some of the staff ends up out sick or something because they're not responding to the refill requests fast enough. Um so you're not alone. Ok. But uh I sure will. I yes, I sure will. Do they usually give you 90 days at a time? Right?
Patient: I really I couldn't even tell you I don't have the
Nurse: I think so. Let me see. Yeah, it looks like they normally do because you take it twice a day, right? Ok. I'm gonna let them know um and that it's urgent because you're out of it. So and then everything else you have, you're not getting low on anything else are you?
Patient: Oh knock wood. No.
Nurse: Ok. Let me know if that if that happens, let me know and I would I can let them know to refill it if there's no refills left on the bottle. Um you know, thank you. Sure. No problem. You stay warm. It's gonna be a cold weekend.
Patient: It's gonna be a nasty one.
Nurse: Yeah, sounds like it sounds like it so stay warm. Take care. Bye bye. Thanks bye.
