Nurse: [PHI-Personal] Cod Healthcare. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hello [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal] Hammer speaking. We spoke last week about my step father and my mother who are um patients of doctor. Mhm. And I know if you recall. Ok, I was wondering um whether it is you were going to check for me whether it is possible to have zoom meeting with Doctor [PHI-Personal]? Yeah,
Nurse: Let me see because I asked him that on Friday. Hold on just a second. Ok. All right. Let me go into that part and see what he said. Mhm. Ok. Uh Let's see. He said the component because I asked him about the um geriatric assessments and that you had mentioned that it could be done through elder services. He said that the component of a comprehensive geriatric assessment is the same components as a Medicare annual Wellness visit, which is what he does. Um And he said, does [PHI-Personal] have any particular concerns about uh [PHI-Personal]? So he uh he didn't mention the zoom meeting. I did uh put that in the note to him, but he didn't address whether or not he would set up a zoom meeting. Do you have any particular questions that you would want me to ask him.
Patient: Well, I have questions about both my mother and my father, father, stepfather, but my mother is going to see him in the end of the month. So that can wait, [PHI-Personal], I will wait until [PHI-Personal] to talk to doctor [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Um ok, I told him that you were also planning on coming to that visit on the [PHI-Personal]. So that that'll be good that you, yeah, be able to,
Patient: It's just hard for me to talk to him about my parents in front of my mom because I don't want to insult her. I worry that she is forgetful and has a hard time to uh focus and um think basically straight. She's not putting keys in the refrigerator yet or anything like that. But I thought that I would like some kind of a they call it um [PHI-Personal] assessment, cognitive assessment,
Nurse: [PHI-Personal] assessment. Can you spell that for me?
Patient: It's just ro that's what I saw on on the web. Rolling.
Nurse: Ok. Rolling assessment. Ok. And does that test for um are you wanting her tested to see if she has any type of dementia or anything like that? Yes.
Patient: Ok. She also is very eager to drive and of course, I don't think she should be driving at [PHI-Personal]. Her eyesight is very good and I worry that if I take her to get a driving license renewed, she will pass the test and I was told that there are some tests that she could take to, um, check her reflexes and my mother is willing to do that. Ok.
Nurse: With the reflex test. Would that be something that we would need to do here or would that be done with the D MC?
Patient: Or I have no idea, told me that you can be test you. Your reflexes can be tested to see if you pass for a driving license or not. Ok. So maybe if when I come with mom, maybe doctor [PHI-Personal] could give me five minutes in his office afterwards or beforehand, then we can discuss this. But I'm not sure how I can whether it's great to, to discuss that while mother is there. Ok? Ok. I'm keeping you busy.
Nurse: No, no, you are fine. This is exactly what I do all day long. So I'm, I'm writing my, my writing. Can't keep up with how fast my brain thinks so. Ok. So I've got all this jotted down. Uh, so he will be discreet about it, not to be discreet about it. So also too, in between that time from now until the appointment, I would also encourage you to write down some things. You know, if, if something comes to mind that you would like to address that you and I have not already talked about, you know, you could just, when you sign her in, just tell the staff, can you give this to doctor to read before we get into the office and that way you can make him aware of some things.
Patient: That would be great. Yes. Ok.
Nurse: Ok. And as far as your dad, did you have any, um, specific concerns about him?
Patient: Yes. Uh, ok. I'm writing too. Um, he is at the rehab center right now at Manor or Mo [PHI-Personal] Inborn. Ok. And he's been there since Thursday and I am having a real hard time reaching out to anybody. I made phone calls on Friday and I'm making phone calls today. Um I have no idea what his schedule is. What his mm plan is. I am asking doctor [PHI-Personal] if we could have a referral for um for him to see a neurologist.
Nurse: Ok. And that's exactly what he said uh because I've sent him a note about him as well and he said the same thing as far as the geriatric assessment, that was the comprehensive uh test that we do annually here. And he said if memory was the main concern that once he was out of the rehab, he would be able to order some neuropsychological testing for a formal memory test.
Patient: Ok. But I am I am concerned about because he has lost his, he was walking poorly, but right now he can walk, he, he can hardly walk and he has plenty of strength in his legs, but he is having a really hard time taking steps and I it is my belief that I'm not a doctor, of course, but it's my belief that something is going on in his brain that it's not allowing him to work properly or better. And I am hope, I, I understand that since his stroke, there might be little we can do. But I would like to make sure that there is, shall I say nothing we can do? I would like to make sure that if there is something that can be done, whether it's medication or not. Um, I would like to check that with neurologist.
Nurse: Sure. Mhm. Ok. Zero. Ok. So, um, as far as the neuropsychological testing, would you want Doctor [PHI-Personal] to put that in place as well when he's out of the rehab? Or is it more of a, like a cognitive physical type testing?
Patient: And what is the difference between the neuro neurological co mm testing that doctor [PHI-Personal] suggests versus cognitive testing?
Nurse: I think that the main difference would be that the neuropsychological testing would be uh addressing the memory. Mhm. For, because he said that, that he could order that for a formal memory test versus, um, if there needs to be some further testing, like any type of brain scans or anything like that to see cognitively if he's impaired for walking, uh, since the stroke or something like that, you know, that would, we'd have to go a little bit of a different route for that. I, I would think that doctor would have to order something a little different for that versus the memory test.
Patient: Ok. So, right now I think the impaired walking test is more important. Ok. And, and I would love to have both of them done, but I don't know if that's possible.
Nurse: Ok. And I'll ask him, I'll ask him if it's something that we can do for the memory as well as the, the physical being able to put, you know, the, the brain to the, to the action type thing, you know, making sure that it's cognitive there to be able to walk.
Patient: That. That's, that's what I would like to find out.
Nurse: Ok. All right. Well, doctor isn't in on Mondays, but I will definitely have this ready, uh, for him tomorrow when he's here and, uh, we'll go from there. Ok. And, but for both parents, I encourage you to just jot some things down if, if there are things because any, you know, you can bring those things in with you and if you want us to scan them into the medical record, they can be scanned in there too. But, um, if there's things that you want to discuss that you're not comfortable discussing in front of your mom, we'll address what I have wrote down, but also just write it on a piece of paper. Give it to the front desk, say, make sure he reads this before we come in there and they should be able to, you know, be pretty discreet about it. That's terrific.
Patient: Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you for your
Nurse: Help. Mm Alright, not a problem. Alright, bye bye bye
Patient: Bye.
