Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you?
Patient: Hi, how are you today?
Nurse: I'm doing well. I got your voicemail. I was just getting ready to give you a call.
Patient: Ok, good. Well, we're connected. Um, I have various questions. I just canceled a scan because it's too much for physical therapy today. But I looking at her medications, I'm supposed to be taking magnesium and calcium. I'm already taking a multivitamin which has 11 mg, drink and 50 g of magnesium and 220 mg of calcium seems to be like, maybe that'd be enough. You know, I'm worried about, you know, less than 100 usually less than 100 15 lbs. I don't want too much calcium. Is there a way I can find out how much I should have with calcium? So
Nurse: Typically they recommend around 600 mg of calcium per day, um, for people just on a daily basis. However, if you have um, osteoporosis or um, osteo, yeah. So like a degeneration of the bone, they can recommend up to 1200 mg a day of the calcium.
Patient: Well, I had a friend who, who took calcium and her jaw started to calcify. So that's what happened. She was a nurse and she did. So, I'm just concerned, you know, I am, I lost a lot of weight, not recently, but I have lost a lot of weight so I didn't know how much, according your weight or just back in age or, or what.
Nurse: Yeah. So that's, I mean, that's for most adults. So, um, you know, if you were, you know, the size, you know, under 100 lbs, you know, you know, quite a bit smaller. Um, you know, they may recommend a decreased dosage. Where is the same as, you know, if you are really, you know, a heavier person or a larger person, they may recommend increased dose. What is the dose that you take? Um I know you said there's 200 mg in your multivitamin. What's the dose that you take in the calcium supplement?
Patient: Well, I'm taking 220 mg, calcium in the, in the one vitamin uh-huh. Uh that's a uh uh one, it's going to support with vitamin D three and calcium and it is oh five mg of, of calcium that's in the morning and at night I take which is hold on, hold on. Oh 220 mg. So that means you've got that wrong on your vitamin D on the vitamin D you take on the vitamin D. She takes [PHI-Personal] mg of vitamin D. She takes 500 calcium as a calcium phosphate and 200 of the phosphorus. It's a a you know, a multi bot.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah. So with the calcium um for women over the age of um [PHI-Personal] they recommend 1200 mg daily. So you're still well within what um you know the recommended dose.
Patient: So then they also want her to take magnesium and her multivitamin has some magnesium. Should she still take a 200 mg of magnesium on top of that? And should she take magnesium that has calcium in it?
Nurse: So she could take magnesium with calcium? Um She would still be within that dose. However, I would recommend just taking the calcium that she's doing. Now, if they recommend increased in the future, you can always add the magnesium with calcium. What is the dose of the magnesium that's in the the multivitamin?
Patient: I think it's [PHI-Personal]. Let me look. It's 2.3 milli oh no, that's not it. 50 mg. I'm sorry, I read the wrong
Nurse: One. That's ok. So 50 mg. So she could you can take the um the 200 mg with that. The only thing that you have to be careful with with the magnesium is if you take too much of it, it can cause diarrhea. So um I mean you'll know pretty quickly if it's um you know, affecting your stomach that way. But if she was taking the 20 or the I'm sorry, 50 mg when she had her lab work done that they were recommending taking magnesium, she should definitely take that on top of it because with that supplementation, she still wasn't at the level that they wanted her to be.
Patient: Ok. Sounds like a good plan. Do you have any questions? Ok. So who recommended you take the magnesium? She's not sure who recommended that? That's ok. Um So she's saying that if they recommend it after your blood work, that you take the magnesium then do that. But she thinks you should just take the magnesium on its own because you're getting the calcium here and wait until after your dexa dexa scan and see what that shows other magnesium. 200 mg. Is that correct?
Nurse: Did you do that? No, I did not. Sorry.
Patient: So you're suggesting she take plain magnesium on its own 200 mg and see what the next round of testing shows? Yes. Ok. I don't know if she has any more questions. Hang on. Well, if I have any more, I'll get a hold of you. Do I talk to you or [PHI-Personal] or does it matter? We all have the same information, right?
Nurse: We do. You're talking with [PHI-Personal] now?
Patient: I thank you so much. Ok. You were confused on that daily. I should take 200 mg. Oh, magnesium, right? Yes. And do you have 100 mg of total of calcium?
Nurse: Yep. You can take up to 1200 mg of the calcium per day
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. She doesn't recommend recommend adding calcium. Now until after your dexa scan, when we see what that shows. Well, the 1200 mg is what's in there? Ok. Is that right? The 1200 mg is now recommended.
Nurse: That's the recommended dose for um women over the age of [PHI-Personal].
Patient: And is she getting enough of that in her? Um
Nurse: So I think she said she was getting 200 mg in the multivitamin and then 500 additionally with the supplement. Correct? Yeah. So she's usually um unless there is signs of osteoporosis or osteopenia, they won't necessarily recommend the full 1200 mg as long as you're taking a calcium supplement. However, if they do notice either of those, they may recommend increasing that dose closer to that 1200 mg.
Patient: Ok. So what she's taking is good for now, correct? Yes, I will. So you are taking a good amount now. Ok. Ok. Are you running all that down [PHI-Personal]?
Nurse: Yes. So I'll have it hold down
Patient: But ok, so less than anything less than 1200 mg, but how far less what you're taking now is sufficient? Ok. You are taking 750 approximately now. That is enough for now. Ok, I think I strained your brain enough [PHI-Personal]. Thank
Nurse: You. No, you're fine if you guys need anything else, feel free to give me a call. Ok? Alright, thank you. No problem. Have a good day. You too. Bye
Patient: Bye bye.
