Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal] with the care management team. How can I help you?
Patient: Uh my name is you called me yesterday about a program that was gonna set up or something?
Nurse: Oh, ok. Well I appreciate getting back to me, Glen, how are you doing today? Ok, good. Uh yes I wanted just to go over the information about the program that is offering. Do you have a couple of minutes for me to go over it now? Alright, great. Um uh the call is recorded for quality purposes. Ok. Uh what it is Glenn really? It it's a new care management program, excuse me, a new care management program and behavior health program. Uh and that's just where our nurse is gonna call and check in with you see how you're doing in between office visits. Uh she's gonna go over your full medical health with you answering any questions addressing any issues or concerns that you may be having. Uh, she'll also go over any medications that you're taking, making sure that they're working the way that they should be and that your conditions aren't worsening or if you had questions about them or needed refills. Uh if you had questions or needed help with appointments, labs, community resources. Those are just some of the things that she would talk to you about during the phone call. Ok. Now, uh your dedicated nurse, she's in daily communication with doc, with Jen and Doctor Charles. Um and everything is documented for review. So that way she's kept up to date on how you're doing. Now, um The care management programs and behavior health programs are both considered to be office visits. Uh, so they're both billable services to Medicare and Medicare Advantage plans and secondary insurance carriers. Uh, they're both subject to co insurances and deductibles and co payments. So you may get a statement from the practice for these services when you have contact with your dedicated nurse. Uh, you get to choose how often your nurse calls you, if you'd like her to call you once a month or once every three months, six months or maybe even just once a year, that's up to you. Uh I'm gonna mail you a letter to the program and then a letter. It will have your dedicated nurses contact information so you can call her if you had any questions or concerns also. Ok. Uh Glen, do you prefer for your nurse to call you in the mornings or in the afternoons, morning, morning? Ok. And then if I could just confirm your information is still the same. Uh, we have your mailing address still 48 East Avenue, Tower City P A 17980. And we have your insurance still as it looks like Anthem, Blue Cross, Blue Shield and Medicare P A. Yeah. Ok, great. Now Glenn, uh your nurse should be giving you a call in about a week or so. Just introduce herself to you and get to know you a little bit and then at that time you just let her know when you'd like her to call you again. Ok. All right. Well, Glen, you have a great day and stay safe. Ok. You too. Thank you. Thank you. Bye bye bye.
