Nurse: This is [PHI-Personal], the nurse care manager.
Patient: Oh, hi. Oh, my God. I got somebody live. This is, hi, this is an El, I was on a cruise when you called and I did not get the cruise until I got back on land. I mean, I didn't get the message. So let me pull you up and see if you want to when you wanna talk. Yeah. II, I have a very busy social schedule. I'm in [PHI-Geographic] for the winter. So,
Nurse: What type of cruise did you go on?
Patient: Uh, what do you mean, what type of cruise? Uh, the [PHI-Geographic]? 00, it was called the, um. Oh, yeah. Sure. Uh, oh, isn't that awful? It was Royal [PHI-Geographic]? I can't think of that. Yeah. Yeah, Royal [PHI-Geographic]. And we went to [PHI-Geographic]. Are they, what
Nurse: Are they pretty nice? I've only been on portable.
Patient: 00, ok. Oh, yeah. The, um, except for this one, this was an older ship because we went out of Tampa and usually we go out of the, see, I, I'm down here in [PHI-Geographic] and, and so we, we take either, usually we take Cape Canaveral or Fort Lauderdale or but this time we took Tampa and that, this one had two very old ships, uh, and this one was one of them and I mean, it was nice. Um, we had a good time. They had a lot of activities, same as all the other ships, you know, but it just, it just was a little older and, and had a few things wrong with it, you know, I mean, like our, our sink leaked and, and of course they didn't fix it all week, which, I mean, it was only just dripping but it, but it left like an orange thing down in the, in the drain. You know, that, that kind of stuff isn't, you know, isn't what I think a cruise ship should be like, you know. But, um, but anyway, I mean, there were a few other things that you could see that were either missing or needed painted or something like that. But, you know, but anyway, there were 40 of us on the, on the cruise from my park here. And so, you know, we had a lot of fun because we knew everybody, well, we knew almost everybody, some people invited like there, sister and brother in law or, you know, so there were like 88 of them out of the 40 that, I mean, you got to know them after the cruise because two of them sat or four of them sat at our dinner table. But, you know, it was, it was very, very nice. Very nice. We had good weather
Nurse: Here since I went on one. I'm ready to go back.
Patient: Oh, honey, I've been on many, many, many, I've been on, uh, oh, what's the other one? Starts with an H, uh, h, yeah. Um, mm. Mm. I can't think of it right now, but I've been on, I pro pro, I haven't been on Viking. That one I haven't been on, but that was very expensive. A
Nurse: One. Ain't that the [PHI-Geographic] one?
Patient: No. Oh, I haven't been on, I haven't been on any river cruises at all. I've only been out in the ocean.
Nurse: Yeah, maybe I'm thinking about something else. There's some type of cruise that goes
Patient: Down in [PHI-Geographic]. That, yeah, that's a river boat cruise. That's not the other kind of Viking. Oh, no. No. Oh, well, I don't know if, I don't think so, but I don't know what that one's called. I never looked into the river river boat cruises. Especially since we're having water problems here and there and everywhere, you know. Um, now I've had some friends who have been on the, uh, ones over in, uh, Germany and, and you know, the river boat cruises over, over across the ocean. Yeah. In fact, I have, I have two ladies who are take, they're taking different ones. Um, the one's taking one line and the other one's taking the other one to dif, to different places. Yeah. Anyway, they're taking their scheduling too for, you know, this summer.
Nurse: That'll be good. I wanna do. I want to go on an [PHI-Geographic] one.
Patient: Oh, [PHI-Geographic]. We were, we've never been to [PHI-Geographic]. [PHI-Geographic] is awesome.
Nurse: No. So, we had an Alaskan cruise through carnival planned, like, you know, we have been paying on everything and, and I got pregnant so we
Patient: Had a cat. 00, I guess that stopped that. It did. It
Nurse: Did because by the time we went on it I was gonna be like, so far along. So, yeah, we had a
Patient: Cat. Yeah. No, no, that wasn't. That was, that would not have been a good idea. But now, uh, the Vikings are purely adult. No Children whatsoever. They're, uh, completely adult line. So, you know, I'd be ok to do that. Now we had a few kids on this one but you didn't see them, they're, you know, I mean, you saw them coming into dinner or something like that but, you know, they weren't, they weren't, they weren't troublesome to all the adults, you know what I mean? Yeah. So they, they were real good. Yeah. Anyway, very nice. Ok. So your turn.
Nurse: Yeah, that's fine. So just the, um, this month is easy stuff. It was just, I needed to, like, make sure your address hasn't changed. Your insurance hasn't changed and then I'll go through like, your 2022 goals and just check them off and then I'll create 2023 goals and then I'll put it in a letter and then I'll mail the letter to you.
Patient: Oh, ok. Ok. Well, I, I don't come home until [PHI-Personal] so don't hurry yourself about it unless, I mean, it'll prob, it would be forwarded down here, you know, all my mail forwarded. But, you know, uh, I'm not in any big hurry for anything at the moment.
Nurse: No, you're fine that, um, it's [PHI-Geographic] lot [PHI-Geographic].
Patient: Uh, yes, that's my main address. That's not where I am now.
Nurse: It's still the same. Yep.
Patient: Yep.
Nurse: Ok. I'll get that updated. Um, I
Patient: Got a, I got, I don't, I don't understand this. Uh, I got, I got medicine for, I mean, I don't understand what I'm gonna tell you. Um, I got, um, a, a text from my medicine people saying, you know, this is due, this is due, this is due. Well, I turned them, I, I kept saying no to each of their messages because I had, I was in three bottles and I had three more lined up on the shelf and I didn't want them that far ahead. So I said no, well, I'm now in the midst of going back and saying yes, you can fill them even because I'm into one of the bottles that's in the storage area. I have two more left. But I thought, well, you know, I'll just get them off my back and, and tell them, yeah, I'll go ahead and send them. Um, but, uh, the one, the pride, which is for my diabetes, they said they only have one prescription left. Now, see, I just changed to these people. Um, oh, who the heck is it? Silver script? But it's called Caremark. Is the, is the CVS Caremark? Yeah. Yeah. CV S right. Well, the one, the people I had prior to this uh prescription people two years ago, they, they automatically got in touch with you got, I never had to call my doctor and say send in a script for them. But these people I'll take
Nurse: Care of it.
Patient: Ok. Well, they're, I mean,
Nurse: No, they're, they're
Patient: Telling me I have to do it, you know. Oh, I know you would. That's not a problem. But that's me coming to you telling you they need a script where the other people just took care of it, you know? Right.
Nurse: Yeah. So pharmacies are all different.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: Ok. Every pharmacy and how they handle things, even if it's the same company location to location is always different. Now, when most of the time though, say there is only re one refill left, but you need like two of those fields done. All we have to do is I just send it to the provider and then doctor signs off on it and that's it.
Patient: Oh, yeah, it's
Nurse: Uh so, but
Patient: I never, I ne but I never had to do that, you know. But anyway, so they sent me one of those little love notes while I was gone too and I didn't get it until I got back. So that, I mean, they told me I have one more left so they're sending the one, you know, the one, but then I guess they would need them for the next time. So. Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. That's fine. I can, I can let them know, I can let them know because you normally get one script and it's 90 days worth.
Patient: Yes, ma'am. Ok. And I prefer it that way. I don't want, you know, to be getting medicine. I'm too busy down here and then, you know, uh down here, I mean, I'm sure it is up home too. My God, the, the delivery people, they just, they just tap on your door and leave it at the door and away. They go whether you're home or you're not home, you know. So I don't want pills laying out there in the [PHI-Geographic] Sun, you know. Right.
Nurse: Yeah. Um most likely though with the, since you have one refill left of those 90 days and they're get getting that ready for you when you take 60 days worth is when we need to submit that refill request.
Patient: Oh, no. II, I mean,
Nurse: I can try to go ahead and do it now, but I'm not, that's probably what they're gonna come back at me. With, but I will try to go ahead and get some refills sent in for next time, so it automatically gets sent.
Patient: Oh, ok. Well, they're only telling me that one. I take three medicines. Ok. Yeah, that I get that I get from them, you know. Yep.
Nurse: Yep. And you wanted, it's the CVS Caremark. Right. The screw. Yeah. Correct. Ok. Correct. Correct. Ok. I'll send it in. Um, we'll see how it goes, but it should be ok, but I'll make sure that that's the correct, correct pharmacy as well because you have two in here.
Patient: Who do I have for the other one? I use CV S all
Nurse: Have the Caremark and then you have a regular CV S.
Patient: Well uh some the text come from there but but CV S pharmacy where the the drugs come from. So I don't understand and, and yet I I signed up for uh silver script so they're the ones who assign these people to me now I I don't understand at all but hey, as long as I get my drugs I'm right.
Nurse: It's ok. Yeah I I will get this sent over to our lady team and hopefully we can get it all situated. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Yeah. Sure. Sure.
Nurse: Alrighty if you need me in the meantime let me know otherwise I will talk to you next month or no actually no it's three months so I won't talk to you until or this [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Ok, but what type of month because I, so far I'm coming home on the [PHI-Personal] of [PHI-Personal]. I don't know. I don't know. Ok. I, I mean, right now, see, I had damage because of the hurricane a little bit. Not much, not much, but I have to have my roof fixed. Well, first of all, they told me that they couldn't, because of all the people in [PHI-Geographic] they have to fix roofs for, they can't come to me until May I was ok. I said, oh, well, I'll be home but I have men, uh, folks down here, my neighbor across the street he would watch over them. You know what I mean? I, I don't have to be here. I have to pay for it, but I can do that through the phone. You know what I mean? Yeah. So just, uh, before I left, oh, right before I left for the cruise, maybe the week before they called me and said, oh, we can move you up now. So now they're moving me to the 26th of [PHI-Personal]. Well, I had, uh, a, a podiatrist appointment across your, your parking lot there on the 26th. So I changed that and I changed my, uh, appointment that I have with, uh, um, the doctor. Ok, I had two appointments that week. So I was coming home the night, the [PHI-Personal] so that I would get home and be unpacked. And then, uh, Monday was the podiatrist and and Wednesday was, uh, Koz. Ok. So I cha, I pushed them out a couple weeks. Yeah, it's not a big, it wasn't a big deal. So now they called me and said, uh, just hang in there because within the next two weeks we could probably move you again in, into, into closer before I'm even ready to leave yet. So, so I, I, so far I'm leaving the [PHI-Personal], but I could change that too and then you could hit me a time where I'm on the Audi train so you don't know about what time of month do you that you um in the middle end?
Nurse: Yeah let me look up let me go to my calendar so [PHI-Personal] I could call you the 20 any time of [PHI-Personal] if you want me to say [PHI-Account].
Patient: Oh make it uh let's make it the 20 27th. Ok. Yeah I I will I will definitely be home by then. Yeah, perfect.
Nurse: I'll put it down before I call you back on that date. Ok.
Patient: Oh yeah yeah yeah you call me and, and then I'll yeah I'll tell you whether anything changed again. You know what I mean? If I'm here I wanna stay here and I can move see I come home the auto train so I can move the auto train any time. Ok. Yes ma'am.
Nurse: Yeah if anything changes, you know, just give me a holler. Ok.
Patient: Will do,
Nurse: Ok. You have a good day.
Patient: Ok. You too. Bye bye bye.
