Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi. Hi, how are you? I saw a number and I didn't recognize it if I don't see a name I don't pick up but
Nurse: That's fine. I understand. How are you doing?
Patient: I'm, I'm feeling better today. Ok. And yeah, and you want my my phone number or something? What is it? Whatever we we're talking. No, my date of
Nurse: Birth name
Patient: And date of birth. Oh, ok. It's been on [PHI-Personal]. There you go.
Nurse: Alright, thank you.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah, thank you. Um yeah I um uh I saw a text this morning something about and it's not from you guys. I I don't know who it is for the flu uh vaccine. Ok. The, yeah, and I was wondering, I normally I have them at the clinic when I was a [PHI-Personal]. Um, well, do you have the same thing here at West [PHI-Geographic]?
Nurse: I don't think so, but I'll take a look the reason I say I don't think so. I think I looked that up for someone else yesterday and it was she um I don't remember seeing um, West Chase listed but you know what things could have changed since yesterday. So let's take a look.
Patient: Ok. Ok. Yeah. Well, there's been a lot of changes anywhere with, with this whole thing. What temperatures are wrong?
Nurse: Well, tell me this while I'm looking at that. Yeah.
Patient: Was your appointment? Ok. Uh, the appointment? Yes. Yes. Um, um, [PHI-Geographic] of Balance. Um, so it was, um, it was quite, quite a, quite a thing. I was as sick as anything. Um, yeah. No, I was tested with everything, you know, the plugged into this and plugged into that and all of that. But then there were, um, um, treatments that they do and so, you know, they, they, they twist your, your, your body this way and that way and, and all of that and II, I never had that before. Excuse me. But, I mean, they're very nice. Um, and, um, but then, like, the very last one was really, it seemed as if I think she, she, excuse me, um, uh, the person that was doing the treatment, you know, she, she twisted my head one way and then the other and then all of a sudden it was like the world I was gonna fall off the work, you know, I mean, it was, it was really talk to total, um, going around and I thought I was gonna fall off the, the, the thing where I was on. Uh, but then that made my stomach just, um, a fall. I mean, I thought I was, I, I was, well, anyway, it was, you know, I shouldn't, they, they had orders like, in the morning not to have, uh, um, you know, just have a very light breakfast, like they suggest test it with toast and, and juice. And I'm not, I, I'm not, I wasn't, I'm not used to that. But anyway, I, I did it but then I guess, uh, you know, an hour and a half or two hours later I, it, it just did, oh, it just did a number on me. So, um, she said it's ok and then like in 48 hours this is, it's gonna be ok and all of that. And, um, um, my, my work, you know, all the report on, on what was done yesterday was sent to, um, the doctor. So I just gave, um, what's her name? What is the name? Please help me. Um, uh, yes. Uh, what's the, the last name is what [PHI-Personal] or something like that? Yes, ma'am. Right. Yeah. Yeah. So that was sent to her. And, uh, but I mean, my son had to, he brought me back to the house and I was just, you know, I didn't throw up but then it, I think maybe because I had kind of, um, an empty stomach besides anything else. And so, um, so I spent the, the whole day until, I mean, in the evening. Uh, but thankfully, uh, I don't know, I mean, I went to bed and, and, um, and I was able to sleep last night. I didn't have a cough either. And so, you know. Yeah. And then Saturday, Saturday passed, I went to the urgent care. Um, I see. Well, you have, you had suggested it, but I was thinking about it anyway because I thought, well, it's a weekend and not gonna go to an emergency room ever, ever. Uh, and, uh, so, uh, I was, uh, seen, I, they did x-rays in my chest then that was due to that, all that coughing that I had, uh, they did that and, uh, they prescribed two items and all of that was, was sent again also to [PHI-Personal] to the doctor. Say it, it's on there. And, um, I know there's one item that I have to wait until the 20 uh, I think it's the 26th or something from, from, uh, Walmart, uh, pharmacy. That item is, is, is still holding, uh, but I mean, the, the cough was, um, I, I don't know, I mean, I, I feel today definitely, I feel, I feel better, you know, I mean, I, I, yesterday I was just, just, I'm, I'm telling you and, and even my knees just felt like wobbly cause it feeling just that dizzy and I've had the, the vertigo vertigo for a long time, but I've never had anything that, that drastic, you know. But, uh, yeah, yeah. Now I have some sort of, uh, thing from [PHI-Geographic]. Um, it's one of those, you know, that they do the job properly, whatever, uh, I have to do that. Um, let them know that it was ok. I mean, it's, it's part of the, what they have to do, um, because the other stuff, you know, whirling in a chair, they do all of those things. But that was the first part of it and, um, thankfully it was just the last thing so that we cut out of there. I thought, um, I have a friend, my friend, uh, [PHI-Personal] was saying that I should have stayed there with my, my son and I said, well, he has something to do and I was feeling, you know, I wouldn't throw up or anything like that, even though it never got to that point, it was just that the, this awful feeling in the stomach, you know, anyway. So that was, that was it. Yeah. Yeah. And let me see, I'm looking for, uh, the items and the, the things that I needed to talk to you on and, and the other thing with the BP has worked. Ok. But then a couple of days I just totally forgot
Nurse: That's ok. I'll look at your BP. I saw you checked it today. So you're doing good. Just try to remember. Um, a good idea is a lot of patients like to leave it out beside their medications. So, when they go to take their medication, they see their BP device there and they're like, oh yeah, I need to check my BP too.
Patient: Right. Right. Ok. All righty. What was that?
Nurse: What was it that urgent care ordered you? I'm sorry, what, what was it the urgent care prescribed?
Patient: Uh ok, let me look at my, I have a folder in the living room and I'm sitting in the kitchen because I have the lighting. Yeah. Hold on a sec. Yes, ma'am. Uh Yes, I'm still, you know, somewhat. I know that I can't drive now and I can, I should just stay put. Oh, yeah. Right. Bend over for anything in your feel. No, but not. Thank you. Need to
Nurse: Hold off on that until that dizziness resolves.
Patient: Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah, that's what she said and, and I know that's what my son had the same, my daughter called me and said the same thing. Yes, I'm, I'm put, I'm, he even ordered some stuff from Publix, but I never do. I like to go to the store and find, look at what I'm buying and, and he just got the order and I got it this morning at my door. Oh, ok. Yeah, I appreciate it. Uh, ok, so the medication list, uh, he wrote, um, um, oh Benzo, Benzo Knights, Benzonatate, 200 mg. That was supposed to be, you know, if I had it like three times a day, it would be like, uh, for a week or something. Um, but then there's a problem with that. There was a problem, uh, afterwards because, um, when I, you know, they, it went directly to the pharmacy at Walmart. Uh, and when I called to check and I said, uh, it's 200 he says it's 200 he go, well, 200 you know, anything that it's very high like that, it, it messes my stomach honestly, you know, it just blows on my stomach. So, and he said, well, you know, there is 100 mg and I said, oh, ok, that would be good. And he says I can't, I can't change that. You have to speak with your doctor. Ok, try to do the doctor that was on Sunday. Uh because I still have them on Saturday and then on Sunday on Sunday. Uh, what was it? Yeah, we uh I was calling Urgent Care and they had, they don't have a direct phone like I, they did because I, I had been there like a year ago, uh when everybody, oh, this was going crazy. And I, and I spoke with people on the phone and I dialed the number. I got somebody. Well, no, now it's a system. Uh it's another system and I couldn't, and I couldn't reach anybody. So, uh this has to be uh I think it was uh oh, I forgot, I forgot coming back my, so we stopped there. Ok, I stopped there and I I stayed in the car because I couldn't possibly. So my son went in and he explained it and somebody there, whoever he spoke, he told me the name but he, I should have written it here. Uh, they said yes, it was changed then. Ok, when I, I got, excuse me, I got a call that a call that, uh, you know, from the, the notice from, from the, from, um, W Walmart, excuse me? Um, I get one c one thing, the flu. It's, but that's a nasal, that's, that's ready. But I, I, I'm gonna call this afternoon and make sure that, you know, they, they should hold it until the supposed to be. It's, it's gonna be coming in at a certain time, certain day but not immediately go. Ok, so that's what it is. That's where it is right now and you
Nurse: Know, the ate is for cough, right?
Patient: Yes, that's for the cost. Yeah. When I came out of there on Saturday, I wasn't even sure my daughter was the one who was looking at this thing and that was uh, it's capsule, they're capsules, right? It's nothing liquid. Nobody, they don't do any liquid anymore. No, they, yeah. Oh yeah, these are s yeah. What's
Nurse: The name of the Urgent Care Center? I don't see any records in your chart. That's why I'm asking.
Patient: Really? Ok. Well, that was supposed to be uh going to because they got the name of the, my primary doctor and, um, you know, it's all in, in the, the paperwork that I gave him at the time. Uh, this is urgent care. The one on, on, uh, and on C and uh, let's see, what else did you need? Oh, the name of the, the visit with [PHI-Personal] Deal [PHI-Personal]. And it says his, instead of doctor, it doesn't say doctor says P A dash C. What does that mean? Physicians,
Nurse: Assistant, physician's assistant. I don't know what the C means.
Patient: Mm.
Nurse: Unless it mean critical care specialty or something. I'm not sure I ate, I'm not sure. Um Does the name, does the urgent care have a name?
Patient: No, it says it's, you know, general urgent care. Fast track. Is that the name? Fast track. Yeah. And let's see there was a phone number here. Let me get my magnifying. I can't see this. That would be. Yeah, that's the, yeah, CGH. Urgent care. This is at the very bottom of the paper. Uh Carol Wod 45 05, Gun Highway. And the phone number is [PHI-Account] [PHI-Account]. Ok. Yeah, so um I'm waiting on, on a Walmart to, to whatever day it is. Uh uh thankfully, I mean, thankfully I don't, I don't have that cough, I guess. Uh like last night I did not cough the day, the night before uh, the appointment. Um I, I did a couple of uh cos and then I fell asleep. Uh, so, um, I don't know, but I, I, I'd like to have it if, if, if that's what he said, I, I can have it 100 100 mg and just in case this thing comes back to me, you know, I agree. I agree. I
Nurse: Just go ahead and get your prescriptions. Um, now looking at the flu shot, um, I do see some openings. When would your son be available to take
Patient: You? Oh, yeah. No, this is not gonna be right now. He is, um, he works at, uh, you know, he has his regular job but he had, uh, he works at the stadium. He works with the, uh, electrical people, you know, when, when they, they have, they're having games like for the Bucks and all of that. So he's, he's tied up for, he said Friday, they have to be there Saturday and Sunday, you know, setting up and then taking down and all of that. That's stuff that he does on the side. Um, I'm gonna, I could see if my daughter can, uh, can take me but then she, you know, she's forever, um, very busy and then, um, now that she's going, she's doing her studies also for lawyer. I don't know, you know, that she decided this thing and this is in the middle of being at home having a very important job for, um, the hospital, you know, and, um, and two kids and a husband also working in the house because he's also, he works in the house. So I would have to ask. I mean, would it, is it the day? So, like, uh, like Friday or Saturday? No, maybe not Saturday. Do they have Saturday? They,
Nurse: They've got, they've got every other day during the week though Monday through Friday they got, like, most of them are morning appointments though.
Patient: Mm. Ok.
Nurse: Except for Thursday. [PHI-Personal]. I see an afternoon appointment at, like, one
Patient: [PHI-Account] and that's at, uh, at the clinic.
Nurse: It is at Chase. See the other thing when I look so it's, it's there
Patient: Now. Oh, I wonder if you can help me on. Mm. Well, so you would need to find out is
Nurse: Best for them to take you and then we can look at times after that.
Patient: Oh, ok. Ok. Yeah, I will do that. Yeah, I'm gonna have to, um, ask her because other than that, I mean, I have a friend who lives in West Church but she, she works for the, for the veterans and she's work, she's doing, she's doing the work in the house so it's always very hard to pull her out of the house to do anything. She's, uh, you know, the one that I said, but I wonder if she could take me over there and bring me. But that's just too much asking. Ok. I'll see how, and then I can call you back.
Nurse: Yes, ma'am.
Patient: Ok. You're very busy, huh?
Nurse: Oh, I'm not. No, I, I mean, I, I feel kind of sleepy after I eat my lunch, to be honest with you.
Patient: I know, I, I can understand, like all of a sudden, uh, I know after lunch, if it's, if it's a big lunch, forget about it. Yeah, the cell phone calls me. Yeah. So I'm gonna, uh,
Nurse: And let her know you had the urgent care visit but that you're feeling better and uh you just let me know what day works best for your flu shot and then we can go from there. Ok.
Patient: Very good. Ok. Alrighty I will call I'll leave a message again. Alrighty take care.
Nurse: Alright you too bye bye
Patient: Bye.
