Nurse: Hello, this is [PHI-Geographic].
Patient: Uh,
Nurse: Well, hi [PHI-Personal]. My name is [PHI-Personal]. I'm your, hi. It's nice to meet you. I'm your nurse care manager from the chronic care management program. Yeah. Yeah. How are you today? Good. You doing? All right. Well, I was calling to introduce myself because I'll be your care manager from this point forward. So you're stuck with me, [PHI-Personal]. Ok. All right. So I just wanna talk to you about a couple of things if that's all right. Um, I just wanna see how your blood sugars have been.
Patient: Yeah. Uh, no good.
Nurse: They're doing good. What are they range in [PHI-Personal]? Uh,
Patient: About, about in the, in the 100
Nurse: In the hundreds. Ok. Yeah. How, and how often are you checking them, [PHI-Personal]? E
Patient: Every, every day?
Nurse: Just once a day? Good. Yeah. All right. Good. Yeah. And then you say they're always in the one hundreds. Ok. How are you eating?
Patient: Yeah, that go. Ok. They, they got me,
Nurse: I'm sorry, what did you say?
Patient: I, I got my car. That it? Oh, ok. So
Nurse: Can you hear me [PHI-Personal]? Yeah. Ok. Now, are you eating plenty of fruits? And vegetables. Yeah. And lots of protein. Like chicken and fish and pork. Yeah. Good. Yeah. Yeah. Good. Ok. Yeah. Ok. Yeah. Now, [PHI-Personal], have you been, how's your mood been? Has it been? Ok. Yeah. Ok. Have you, have you been sleeping? Good? Yeah. Yeah. Good. Um, have you been eating good, good appetite? Ok. How many meals you eating a day?
Patient: [PHI-Account] meal a
Nurse: Day. Three meals a day? Good. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah. Uh,
Nurse: Do you snack? Huh? Are you snacking? Yeah, I'm not. Yeah,
Patient: You could talk to my daughter too here.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, I can talk to your daughter.
Patient: [PHI-Geographic]?
Nurse: Ok. Do I need to my car? Hi, my name is [PHI-Personal]. Hi, [PHI-Personal]. My name is [PHI-Personal]. I'm, I'm your dad's nurse care manager. Um, through [PHI-Geographic], the chronic care program that it was signed up yet. I'm just doing a little checking in on him and see how he was doing and introducing myself because you'll be stuck with me from this point forward. So, if you guys need anything, all you gotta do is give me a call and I'd be more than happy to assist you, but I just kinda wanted to check on his blood sugars and he said they're running that he's checking them once a day. They're about in the one hundreds. Uh, you know, and he's eating well, he says he's eating plenty of fruits and veggies and, um, oh, excuse me, it's a Friday. So, you know, your brain and mouth don't wanna work at the same time. Yeah. And he said that, um, he's eating plenty of chicken and stuff. Does he like eggs? Is he eating plenty of those too? Yeah. He, um, he works at the, our volunteers at the food bank and so he gets a lot of donations and stuff from them and then he buys like, the eggs and stuff. So, yeah, food. never an issue for him. He, uh, he likes it a little bit more than he should, but he's been better in the past couple of years and then he has in a while. All right. Good deal. He's drinking plenty of water and ok, good. Ok. That's awesome. And I asked him how his mood has been. He said it's been good. He's been, um, you know, he sleeping good and his appetite has been good. He's been eating his three meals a day. Um, I was just wondering if it's ok because I have to do what's called A P HQ. It's just to test his depression and make sure he's not showing any symptoms. Is that ok if we go through that? Yeah, he just walked away from me. I, that's ok. No one likes these calls that, you know, especially when I'm asking personal things on the first call, you know. Oh, yeah. No, it was, it was just a bad timing. He's, um, we were looking at a vehicle for him and then we drove up here to his house and then his son pulled in and his, oh, my girlfriend pulled in and they got like a truck and like, it's just, it's just bad timing. He does, he need to call me back or anything. It's fine. If you guys are busy at the moment, he probably won't call you back. He's very unreliable at answering the phone. So I'm surprised he didn't catch it. Um, let me just walk over here and see where he went. I'm sorry. Um, that's ok. I mean, like stuff out. I'm usually the one that handles all his medical stuff and ok, I was gonna ask you like that because I don't like, it doesn't look like they put you down here at the practice, but he gave me a verbal and what's your full name? Uh, [PHI-Personal] and same last name? Ok. Yeah. So the, when you, yeah, it would be a good idea like when you go into the practice to, um, fill out that have him sign off that you're allowed to make, you know. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I am there. Yeah, maybe I'm just let me look again. My grandma used to be the person that she passed away. I should, I should be, I can go back up and you know, call him. Oh, it's ok. Let me check and maybe I just missed you. There you are. Yeah, you're there. Ok. I'm just, yeah, Ok. Sometimes my computer takes a while. Oh, that's ok. Yeah. Yeah. Is it ok if I add you on to here for, you know? Ok. Ok. I'll pop you on our system because we are, we're not in the office with them, but we work for them. Does that make sense? So, what happens is we have access to the EMR record and so we do a lot of in between the visits where we help, you know, maintain health, things like that. And then hopefully it just, you know, though every visit you see an improvement with his health and he's able to keep his goals and things like that for him. So that's awesome. So um I, I got you on here, I'll add you on to the record and if he doesn't mind giving me five, it won't even take five minutes. Um I'll just go over that quick assessment and he can be done with me this month. I was walking away from myself. I can hear you. You can't hear me. I know the dads do that. Oh, she needs to do a mental health assessment. She's gonna ask you some questions. Ok.
Patient: Hi [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Hi. So I'm gonna give you, I'm gonna gonna ask you these questions. Shouldn't take, not even five minutes. Ok? And then, and I just need you to answer, just answer for me in the last two weeks. Have you had any little interest or pleasure in doing things like, you don't like to do anything. You don't want to do anything.
Patient: No, I like to do everything.
Nurse: Well, good. And what about in the last two weeks? Have you been feeling down depressed or? Hopeless? Hopeless? No. Good. Have you had trouble falling or staying asleep or sleeping too much? No. Have you been feeling tired or having little bit, uh, little bits of energy?
Patient: No, I got a lot of energy.
Nurse: Well, good. Have you been having any poor appetite or overeating? No. Have you been feeling bad about yourself? No. Have you had trouble concentrating on things such as reading the newspaper or watching TV? No. Good. Um, we're almost done. You're doing fantastic, [PHI-Personal]. Um, have you had any, um, someone mentioned to you that you speak too slow or that you're moving too slow? Good. Have you ha had anyone tell you that you're too fidgety or restless? No? Ok. And then have you ever had thoughts that you feel like you would wanna hurt yourself or feel better off dead? No good. Well, that was easy as [PHI-Personal] because you answered all my questions and so
Patient: You got too much to lose. Like that's right. You, I, I met [PHI-Personal], I met [PHI-Personal] and my wife left me [PHI-Personal] and [PHI-Personal] and, and I met [PHI-Personal] 2014 and, and II, I gave all my furniture to her and, uh, and, and we didn't have nothing. Her husband working in the nursing home. He, he, he can't, he can't, he can't walk or nothing and I went out and got TV room. Yeah. You want, you want a woman like you got like a queen? That's
Nurse: Right. Well, you are just wonderful, [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Nurse: Well, [PHI-Personal]. So do you have this phone number here if you need me?
Patient: Yeah, on my phone.
Nurse: Ok, [PHI-Personal]. So if at any time that you may need me, you can call that phone number and remember my name is [PHI-Personal] and I'm gonna be like your personal nurse so you can call me directly at that number and then if you need any help with your medicines or if you don't know what to do about, you know if you feel bad or you're sick or something, you can call me.
Patient: Ok?
Nurse: Ok. Yeah and I'm gonna put her down here too. Ok?
Patient: Ok. Yeah you want her phone
Nurse: Number? She uh uh she already gave it to me so I'm taking care of there. I she told me where to find it on the on the computer so I found it. So we're good to go there.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: All right, [PHI-Personal]. Well, I'll be calling you once a month to check on you. Ok. All right. Well, thank you for talking to me today and it was lovely to meet you.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: All right. Thanks for calling me back, [PHI-Personal]. Have a good day with your family. Ok? Alright, bye bye
Patient: Bye.
