Nurse: This is May I help you?
Patient: Hi, this is calling you back.
Nurse: How are you doing?
Patient: I'm doing just fine. Well, not really, but I'm doing as good as I can. Might as well say fine. Right. Yeah. Uh I have some prescription. I have some prescriptions that are no refill. Like, uh, the, um, my, uh, my psychologist made it up to 100 and 50 mg and uh there's no more refills on it. So do I need to talk to her about that? Uh huh.
Nurse: Yes, ma'am. If she increased it then you'll have to call her on that one.
Patient: Ok. And uh, let's see. What else is it? Oh, calcium 3 3d 3.
Nurse: Yes. Ok. I,
Patient: I need it. Yes, ma'am. It says three refills, but they're coming in like, like every other day and instead of coming in like, you know, it's crazy.
Nurse: Ok, I'll check on that for you. I
Patient: Appreciate it. I go to the sleep lab tomorrow and uh, she's gonna tell me my results from my uh, what do you call it? Test? Test? What? Oh,
Nurse: Yes. Uh, your sleep test. Yes. Oh, no, not
Patient: My test. Not my sleep test, honey. But the test on my, my lungs, uh, what was that called? That they were gonna do peak flow? Hm. The peak flow. I don't know
Nurse: How, like how your lungs are expanding and, and how you're breathing.
Patient: No, I already had that done and she said that definitely something, something wrong. And so, uh, she did another test and I'm supposed to find out the results tomorrow on
Nurse: That. Ok.
Patient: And then the second I'm supposed to go, I think it's the second. Is it the second I go to the heart doctor?
Nurse: Let me see.
Patient: Ok. Ok.
Nurse: I don't have that on here. I just have, uh, sin tomorrow. Ok,
Patient: I have, I have one at the heart doctor there in [PHI-Geographic] and I was thinking this is second but it might be another day, you know.
Nurse: Yeah, it could be how your blood pressure's been doing.
Patient: Uh, I don't know, I haven't checked it. Ok. I mean, honest with you, I haven't checked it.
Nurse: Yeah. How about your breathing? How's your breathing been,
Patient: Uh, as long as I don't walk, walk, uh, we, or, uh, it's been better going to the, to the, uh, put the trash in. It's been doing some better with that, but because I was out of prep by the time I got there. But, uh, it's doing, it's doing some better with that. So we'll see what's going on tomorrow. I, I hope that she sent some of the results to, uh, to you, I don't know if she will or not. But,
Nurse: Yeah, she usually does. So she'll probably have them sent in as soon as she's done with you. Um, now with this warmer weather just kind of make sure you try and go out either in the mornings or in the afternoons in the cooler parts of the day so that you do, your, your lungs aren't, aren't getting, um,
Patient: Too much with the change. Ok. I know. I just went to, uh, my sister and I went to, uh, the night at the, and, and she got overheated in the car and, uh, she's, she's really feeling bad right now. She wanted to do is come home and, uh, you're right. It's, it's miserable out there and my air condition is not the greatest, but not more free on it.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. And just be careful what you go out and then stay in the shade if you do happen to go out.
Patient: Ok. Sure will. I usually stay in. I don't like all the, all the all dry mouth,
Nurse: But I know, I know it. Yeah. You
Patient: Know, I'm talking about
Nurse: Getting so hot and then you, then there's the storms and everything else.
Patient: Yeah. We had a really bad one last night, didn't we?
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. One of my patients said all of his corn blew over.
Patient: My goodness. God bless him. I know he,
Nurse: He, his personal corn but he said it still he,
Patient: He still hated it. I [PHI-Personal] that was probably his, he was probably going to, to, uh, for winter time. Right. Right. Yeah, cos or something, but he thought it was
Nurse: So he said it was for
Patient: Him. Oh, that was all his, all right. Ok. Well, thank you for calling. I'm sorry, they're missing your call.
Nurse: No, it's ok. Thank you for calling me back. And if you need anything, you just let me know
Patient: I will. Thank you.
Nurse: Uh huh bye bye.
