Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you?
Patient: Hi [PHI-Personal]. Uh this is [PHI-Personal]. You had I talked or you called me about a week ago or so just to check in for our monthly visit and I was not available. Um, so I was just kind of calling you back to catch up on that.
Nurse: Sure. Let me get your chart pulled up. Give me just one second here.
Patient: Oh,
Nurse: Alrighty. So I've got your chart pulled up here. So it looks like since we talked last you had an appointment with doctor [PHI-Personal]. Correct.
Patient: Correct. I did, I did
Nurse: Looks like you're having some pain in your toe. Um He did looks like some X x-rays and lab work. Correct.
Patient: Correct. And he did put me on allopurinol and that, that's pretty much one big reason why I'm calling is that I've been on that now probably um just about a month I think, and I'm still not getting any relief in that toe. Um, you know, I I've been reading a lot about it since I was diagnosed with it and I understand that sometimes it does take a few weeks for that to happen. I guess I just wanted to confirm that with you. But, um, yeah, I'm still, yeah, I just, I wait for the morning, I wake up and there's nothing there. I, I, it just hurts all the time and I'm, I'm a walker and sometimes I walk in spite of it and I'm limping. I just went out for a walk this morning and came back because it was, it was really sore. So, I don't know if I, and I was taking the anti-inflammatory, but seriously [PHI-Personal], that wasn't doing anything. So I just, I just take Tylenol. Um, and that takes a little of the edge off. Not a whole lot, but I don't know if I should just give this more time or if there's something else I should take.
Nurse: Yeah. So it can take some time to, to begin working, unfortunately. Um, because it does have to, basically, it helps to break down that uric acid level, um, in the blood so it can take some time for that to happen. Um, so typically, you know, we recommend, I don't know if he talked to you at all about diet or things that can, um,
Patient: On how you Yes, I have been, I've had nothing. No alcohol, no red meat, no meat, period, pretty much. Um, for several weeks. Um, thinking, you know, because I, because of what I've read, you know, that, that and then also some fish II, I love fish, but I've given up on shrimp and, um, I do like salmon and I think I can eat salmon if I'm not mistaken. But, um, so I've, I've, I've really tried to watch that because I know, and I've been eating a ton of [PHI-Personal] because I heard [PHI-Personal] were good for you. So, I've been eating a lot of [PHI-Personal]. Um, yes. So I have,
Nurse: Yeah, [PHI-Personal] are great natural anti-inflammatories. So that's great. Um, alcohol, you know, can be triggering, triggering, um, high sugar content. Um, so, you know, sugar can, can worsen things. So if you're drinking, you know, juices, different things like that, that can cause flares as well and then, um, being dehydrated. So making sure that you're, you know, drinking plenty of water can help as well. Um, and then, you know, just trying to avoid processed foods as well. So trying to do as much fresh food as possible.
Patient: Ok. All right. All right. Well, yeah, and if I just might add this, I don't know if this, uh, obviously, like I said, I've been reading a lot about this and the first of [PHI-Personal], I got food poisoning from a salad, um, which was horrendous. Just horrendous. And I did mention that to Doctor [PHI-Personal], um, and like for six hours, I just was horribly ill and then that was followed by two months now of constipation. And, um, every so often I take a dulcolax or something to get me moving. My bowels are starting to somewhat go back to normal and, um, I read somewhere that, that could have triggered my flare up with this gout, flare up because I wasn't, you know, pooping out what I should, you know. So, um, like I said, that is coming back a little bit. Um, it's still not like it was before I had the food poisoning, but at least I am doing a little of bit, um, more, but I, I just think that might have been all connected there, starting with the food poisoning, a shock to your system, you know, then constipation and then this gout because I was just, like, shocked when I found out that that's what it was, you know, that I had this gout. But anyway, I will just hang in there, I guess because I guess allopurinol is about it. Right. As far as what you can, what you can take.
Nurse: Yeah. So there, I mean, that's typically, that's the main medication that's prescribed to help with gout. Um, allopurinol and lifestyle changes. There are some additional meds. Um, I don't know as much about them just because they are not, they're not typically used. Um. Ok. Mhm. Very much. But, yeah, just really making sure that you're staying hydrated. Um, yeah. You know, taking medication trying to avoid, you know, processed foods, things like that. That can all help.
Patient: Ok. Um, and, and can I add one more thing the foot involved is, is my right. Foot. Mhm. Which always tends to swell a little, a little bit. Well, it's really swollen since I had the gout and it goes down a little bit in the morning. But, you know, and I try to keep it up and put ice on it and that is that fairly normal too?
Nurse: Yeah. Swelling, sorry, swelling is pretty, is pretty normal with gout. So, um, yeah, that is something that's very common. Um, the swelling redness that that is normal. And with the, with the constipation, you know, some things that we recommend, you know, taking the Dulcolax that can help. Also, um some people can do a Miralax and doing Miralax. Um it's a powder, you can mix it with pretty much any kind of liquid. Some people will do it in their coffee because the warmth kind of helps it dissolve a little bit better, but it's a clear taste um powder and what you can do is um mix it in with a beverage, you just take it once a day and that can sometimes help people to get more regular and then once that happens, you can just switch it to like an as needed basis. Um, but that really works. It helps to pull additional water into the um intestine. So it helps to loosen up that stool so it moves a little bit more easily. So that's another one, the more water you drink with that, the better it will
Patient: Work. Ok? I will try that then because I think the Dulcolax sometimes when I take it, it makes me sick to my stomach like the next day. Um, you know, when, when I'm trying to have a bowel movement. So, yeah, maybe I will get that Miralax.
Nurse: Yeah. It, it, it could be a little bit, a little bit gentler than the, the Dulcolax. So it may be, you know, a little more tolerable.
Patient: All right. Well, that's good. I, I will do that. Thank you. And, and I'll just give it more time. I just guess I'm impatient. My husband has it out and he said, oh, gee. And then he's had it for years. He said, I thought it was instant that, you know, he said my pain went away instantly and I've been waiting for that to happen. So, um, but like I said, reading it said, you know, reading about it said that sometimes it can take a while for it to, to happen. So anyway, I'll be more patient, I guess.
Nurse: And are, yeah, no problem. Are you needing any refills on any medication or are you still doing? Ok as far as those go,
Patient: I'm still doing good. Is it, in fact, I was able to, um, put the, um, allopurinol over to my, my, uh, mail order. So that worked out good. I already got that in the mail for 90 days. So that's good. Yes, I'm pretty well set on medication. Ok. Perfect.
Nurse: Ok. Alrighty. Well, I will plan on following up with you in a month or so. Of course if you need anything before that though, you know, give me a call, but if not, I will plan on speaking with you then. Ok,
Patient: That sounds good. Thanks so much.
Nurse: No problem. You have a great rest of your day. Ok. Ok,
Patient: You too. Alright, bye bye bye.
