Nurse: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal]. How may I help you?
Patient: Um Yes, this is [PHI-Personal]. You just called and left a voicemail uh on my phone. I'm just calling back.
Nurse: Ok. How are you doing today?
Patient: I'm doing well. Um we are not in Pennsylvania right now. We're close to getting there later on next week. Um Would that be a better time that we call you back? And, and you can explain to us what is the new program is
Nurse: Or if that works better for you, I can do that. I can do it right now. Whatever, whatever is easier for you.
Patient: How long will it take? Do
Nurse: You think if everything goes well? Maybe two minutes?
Patient: All right, we'll listen to you what you have to say then, [PHI-Personal], we're both here is here and I'm here and we're both under Doctor [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Perfect. Give me one quick second just to pull up your guys profile. Ok. Ok. Yeah. So the reason for the call today here guys is Doctor [PHI-Personal] has a new care management program which she is providing. Basically it's just a call from a nurse to help answer any questions, refill prescriptions, chat about previous or future visits, discuss any new issues going on and things of that nature. This is a program that uh like I said, that you guys are qualified for which allows you to maintain peak health by having this nurse contact you all of these call. All of these calls are documented and sent to Doctor [PHI-Personal] for review and are treated as billable services to Medicare, Medicare Advantage plans and secondary insurance carriers and may be subject to deductibles, copays and coins insurances. Now, I do see you have the Medicare and the Mutual of Omaha. I'm not super familiar with the Mutual of Omaha. Is there typically a copay when you see the doctor in the office? No. Ok, great. Just wanna let you know you also not have a copay for this program and have a $0 charge. Is there a, is there a time of day that works best for the nurse to give you ca give you a call morning or afternoon?
Patient: Um, I don't know that there's a, do you think there's a specific more morning or they're more in the morning than in the afternoon? Yeah. Well, probably more morning call. Ok.
Nurse: Ok. I will let the nurse know and I do wanna mail you some information about the program. Just kind of explaining it in more detail. I have the address I have the address down here of [PHI-Geographic] in [PHI-Geographic]. Is that correct? Yes, that is fantastic. I know you guys won't be home for the next 10 days or so. Um, but by the time you get there, they should be there. So you just open it up the, on the bottom of the, uh, the bottom of the letter is a phone number attached which is the nurse line. So if you guys need anything, you can always call that number. Ok.
Patient: Ok, real quick. Um, when you say nurse, are we going to be talking to the same nurse or is is it just we wouldn't know we wouldn't know
Nurse: It be it would be uh the same nurse who you'd be speaking to. Ok. Now, if for whatever reason you're 10 do 10 years down the road, you're still in this program, it might be a different nurse just because people move around here and there but like outside of that it should be the same nurse.
Patient: Ok. That's good to know. Yeah. Ok, sounds good.
Nurse: Awesome. Thank you so much for your time. I greatly appreciate it. Have a great rest of your day. Ok,
Patient: Thank you. You too. Alright bye bye bye.
