Nurse: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: This is [PHI-Personal]. Hi, how you doing? Ok. I was on, uh, another call and, and I hit the wrong button. So I think you just tried to call me, didn't you?
Nurse: Yes, I did. No
Patient: Worries. Well, I was trying to, you know, it's kind of a, a sad situation. Uh, I, I got a, a call from, uh, the CIO at, uh, where I used to work. Uh, uh, I've been retired for, since [PHI-Personal]. But, uh, the CIO and I were pretty close and one of his directors was told this morning that she had, uh, pancreatic cancer that it metastasized. You know. So, uh, he's asking, you know, he, he, he thought I had pancreatic cancer and, and I did have cancer in my pancreas but it wasn't pancreatic cancer. So, uh, everybody thinks I had pancreatic cancer and I tell them, no, I, I did have cancer in my pancreas and they removed three quarters of it. But, you know, uh, I, you know, I'm still kicking, you know, mine was non hodgkin's lymphoma, put a tumor in my pancreas, you know. Um, but so when, when, when they hear that term? Pancreatic cancer, they say, oh, call [PHI-Personal], he had pancreatic cancer, right? And he survived and I, and I go, like, IIII, I never, I've never communicated that to anybody, you know? Oh, no. Yeah. I mean, this was what a, what a, an unbelievable story that this, uh, this person, uh, I, I worked with also many years ago but her husband, uh, races, uh, antique race [PHI-Geographic] and this weekend he was in a terrible crash and he's paralyzed from the waist down. That was this weekend. And today she gets told she has pancreatic cancer. That's, it has already metastasized. I mean, you, you couldn't, you couldn't make that story up. Right. I mean, and, and this woman has no hope. Uh, and I, um, you know, I don't know if, you know, I'm on the, I'm on the board of, uh, memorial Hospital. Oh, ok. Yeah. So I called, they're associated with the cancer center. So I'm, I called the VP of Operations and, you know, I, I said, what can I offer this person? And he, he's going to get her fast track for a second opinion? Oh, ok. And, and, and get her, uh, these people know what clinical trials are out there or what would fit, you know, those type of things. So I wanna give this person some hope, you know?
Nurse: Right.
Patient: Exactly. But, but pancreatic cancer that's already metastasized is, yeah, you, I don't have to tell you you're in the medical field that is not, uh, you know, I've had a couple friends that have it. It's been isolated still to the pancreas. The ones that start and they're, it, it's pretty quick. I'm, I'm just hoping, uh, this young, this woman isn't even [PHI-Personal] years old. Oh, my goodness. Heart breaking to me. Uh, I was in here, I, I was on my way this morning to, uh, I volunteer at the Catholic with Food Ry and, you know, I'm rushing around, I met, I met some people for breakfast at 6 30 this morning. Uh, and, and, and then I ran back, walk, walk, the dogs, fed the dogs, got in my car. I'm, I'm rushing off to the food pantry and, and I get this call, it says, I said, who would be calling me from? I haven't been there for 10 years and, and then just, you know, he said, you know, [PHI-Personal] calls me and said, uh, him, I need to talk to you and I need your advice and I, I was in tears going down route 30 when I, because I know [PHI-Personal], I pretty well. Mhm.
Nurse: Yeah. Really?
Patient: I mean, I can't even believe that story. Her husband crashes and gets paralyzed this weekend and then she gets told she's got terminal cancer. Oh, my goodness. You know, that's when you look up in the sky and you say, God, I really have small problems, don't I?
Nurse: Right. Right. Oh my gosh, my heart is broken.
Patient: Yeah. It, it, yeah. Iii, I mean, I, I just, I, I walked into the food pantry and the, the operations guy there, [PHI-Personal] said, what's wrong with you? It's because he saw tears in my eyes. I saw, I just had an unbelievable call that if I told you I, I, it's like you're making up stories. Oh, wow. Oh, my gosh. Oh, but my, my wife is in uh [PHI-Geographic]. Uh got COVID on the flight over. Oh my goodness. She's doing ok though. I mean, we're both, we're both uh boostered and uh, we both had it before but she has, yeah, she's starting to, I talked to her yesterday. You on Messenger and she looked, she looked alive in you,
Nurse: Right? Ok. So she's, she's on the mend feeling a lot better
Patient: Then. Yeah. You know, over there it's not like here, you know, I mean, well, they don't have the medical care that we have here. You know, that's why I told her get a flu shot. Wear your damn mask. 17.5 hour flight. I, you know, you know, I'm going over the [PHI-Personal] and I'm scared shit was, but, you know, I'm wearing my mask. I, I'm so I'm boosted and I know I've, I've got antibiotics uh in me. Uh you know, I'm getting my flu shot and, you know, I'm just gonna be careful as I can. That's all I can do. You know. Uh. Right.
Nurse: Exactly. Um, you know, and if you, if you can, I don't remember, you know, the airport protocols. If you can bring a little bottle of hand sanitizer too, that would be very, you know, beneficial and helpful for you.
Patient: Yeah, because I, and I have little ones too in my, uh, in, in my cupboard. Yeah. The little ones that I think they passed the four ounce test.
Nurse: Yes. Yeah. Ok. Awesome. And then do you take a vitamin C supplement?
Patient: I don't, but I was thinking about getting that airborne. You think that makes any sense that has more than vitamin C? But it's low.
Nurse: Yeah, I've heard of that. Um,
Patient: Is it
Nurse: Good? I gotta refresh my memory here. Um, yeah. So that's the immune support with the vitamin C in it. Um, yeah, I think that would be a great idea.
Patient: Yeah, I'm gonna pick some of that up. Uh, I, I have to pick up my insulin at, uh, uh, Walmart today and I, I, I'm gonna pick some airborne up, uh, you know, and, and take that. Ok. Yeah. Yeah, that's a great idea with that. Uh, I will take some hand sanitizer too. Mhm.
Nurse: Ok, perfect. Um, all right. And then, um, let me see, what else do I have? Um, vitamin D is also a good, you know, immune system strengthening vitamin. Um, so if you, if you don't take that,
Patient: I think airborne has,
Nurse: Has it, have a bunch of that stuff in there.
Patient: Ok. But I, but I'll check because I think that's what I think it has like seven different uh vitamins. And sounds right. Uh this, this lady came up with this supposed to be fantastic formula filled with vitamins. So, uh I, I if if it doesn't have it, I will definitely get some d also.
Nurse: Ok, perfect. Um All right. Awesome. Awesome. And then yeah, just, you know, like you said, wear your mask, keep your distance, wash your hands. Um you know, bring that hand sanitizer with and just use it, you know, every couple hours or after you go to the obviously after you go to the bathroom, wash your hands and touch handles and seats and things like that. Um And I think, I think you should be ok.
Patient: Yeah, fortunately uh my, my flight is so hers was 17.5 hours direct mine. Uh I, I go, I I at least I, I get a break. I'm I'm not going direct, I'm going San Francisco to Taiwan and then Taiwan to Manila. So uh I got a few stops. Uh uh So, you know, at least I won't be on the same plan for 17.5 hours. Right.
Nurse: Right.
Patient: But I will not wear my mask. I mean, I would definitely, yeah, perfect. Um And when do you have, I have one of those, one of those m uh what are they called? The I, I'm not gonna wear the regular cloth mask. Uh,
Nurse: What, the N95. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah. My, my, my construction guy got me one, a couple of them a long time ago, uh, when they were hard to get, you know, uh, and because I think they have a better filtration system in them because they, you know, that's where the drywall guys who, who would cost to death if they, if they didn't have the, the better, uh, filtration. So I'm gonna wear, I'm gonna wear a better mask than, than, than the cloth mask. I don't know, I, I don't know if that'll help, but I,
Nurse: Yeah, I mean, it, it should and, you know, some people recommend doubling up on masks too. Um, you know, I haven't looked that but, you know, some people think it, it really helps. So if you wanna wear a cloth one and then the N95 or, you know, something like that, you can do that
Patient: Too. Ok. Yeah, that's probably a good idea. I, I am a little, I can tell you that. I mean, you know, I am [PHI-Personal] and I, and I am, you know, I am compromised to a bit with the diabetes and, and stuff but, and no spleen, you know. So. Right. Yeah, absolutely. So, that, that makes me a little nervous but I, I don't wanna miss [PHI-Personal], you know.
Nurse: Right. Right. Just, you know, take your precautions and, um, you know, everything everything will work out. I have
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. I'll just doing the smart, be as smart as I can.
Nurse: Exactly. Yep. That's, that's really, honestly that's all you can do. I mean, if, if you're gonna get it, it's gonna happen. But as long as, you know, you took those precautions and did everything you could then you know, that, that's all you can do.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah.
Nurse: Perfect. All right. So, well,
Patient: Um, I do need one prescription filled with the Cialis. I think that's a giant. Uh Not at, not at Walmart Giant. I I need to get it at Giant. Uh G ok. It's more expensive for me at Walmart. I don't know why but uh set it up. So uh if you can get, you get that filled at, at the giant the pharmacy, I appreciate.
Nurse: Ok. Uh let me just double check and make sure I have the right one. So the Giant Pharmacy is on [PHI-Geographic] in [PHI-Geographic].
Patient: That's the one. Yeah, perfect. Yeah. Yeah, I was lucky. II I looked at my uh Lantus. I said uh I'll just get it next week and I, I just, I don't know what made me look at it last night right before I went to bed, I pulled the box out and it said one refill before 12, 8 22. I said you gotta be kidding me. So I called in, I got, I called it in like soon as soon as I saw that and, and, uh, Walmart already has it filled. So, yeah, I would be. So, II I, that, that'll give me five pens of that, that I'm sure that will be enough and I think I have enough, uh, NovoLOG so I be good. Yeah. Ok.
Nurse: All right. Well, yeah, I'll get this, you know, refilled for you. And then, um, what, when do you come back from, from, uh, vacation?
Patient: Uh, [PHI-Personal]?
Nurse: Ok. All right. I will call you after that then. So, so I don't, you know, interrupt things down there, so I'll call you after that.
Patient: Yeah, when's my next appointment?
Nurse: Um, the next appointment with Doctor [PHI-Personal] is [PHI-Personal],
Patient: So I need to get a blood. Uh, I, I know I already have the, the blood work but I'm gonna get the blood work done with you guys anyhow. Uh, that's what I did last time.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, there's orders in there. So,
Patient: Yeah, you do the blood now still, right? Yes, you still do. Ok. All right. So I'll make sure I get that. Uh, when I, when I come back I'll, I'll get that uh, scheduled also. Ok. Ok,
Nurse: Perfect. Yeah, you can go to any of the family practices um, for that because it's in the system. So.
Patient: Yep. Ok, perfect. You have a great [PHI-Personal]. Ok. And
Nurse: I, I will, you too, um, you know, safe travel and please call me if you need anything. Ok.
Patient: From [PHI-Geographic]. Ok.
Nurse: Yeah. You can if if you if you're able to
Patient: We're 13 hours apart so yeah well you can leave me
Nurse: A voice mail.
Patient: Yeah when you're when you're sleeping I'm awake and when I'm sleeping you're awake. Oh gosh
Nurse: What hopefully you don't need anything but you know just leave me a voice mail and I'll try and do the math and touch base with you if if need be ok.
Patient: Ok. Ok.
Nurse: Alright we'll talk next
Patient: Month. Enjoy, enjoy yourself and be be safe. Ok, I
Nurse: Will thank you so much.
Patient: Alrighty bye
Nurse: Bye. Alright bye bye.
