Nurse: Hello. Good morning, [PHI-Personal]. Yes, this is [PHI-Personal]. Hi. I, I apologize but my, I just got a new phone and I'm looking, I'm looking at the dawn thing. It didn't even sound so I gotta get to know it. Oh, that's
Patient: Ok. No, that's fine. Um, is, uh, I'm sorry, it didn't come up with your name. Is this [PHI-Personal]? Uh, yes, it is. Ok. Hi, [PHI-Personal]. Um, I was just calling to check up on you and see, um, if you were having any symptoms of the UT I, any flank pain or anything like that after you finish the antibiotics.
Nurse: The only thing that I can think of is my, uh, I've been feeling full bladder and, uh, that pain in the back on my left side, in the left side. Um, but aside from that, uh, it's not, it's been clear, not yellow, not yellowy, like it's supposed to be, um, you know, and it's like I told [PHI-Personal], I wouldn't know if I have a, uh, uh, a UT I or not because aside from those symptoms I just described. Mhm. I wouldn't know, you know what I'm saying?
Patient: So. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. So, you're not having any discharge or anything like that.
Nurse: I've never had them, never had them in the past. Ok. All
Patient: Right. Um, you just finished the antibiotics, correct?
Nurse: Yeah, I think last week beginning. Ok. Um, Monday, last Monday.
Patient: Ok. All right. Well, let me see here. Um, it looks like they were able to reschedule your, um, urology appointment.
Nurse: My God. Yeah.
Patient: Finally. Right. For the, the, uh,
Nurse: The original doctor that was supposed to see me was in, was, uh, going on a medical leave? Oh,
Patient: Ok. Yeah.
Nurse: So they had to reschedule me for, let me see. Uh,
Patient: Looks like it's the [PHI-Personal]. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Yeah. So, um, as long as you don't have any problems until then, um, that's good. Uh, we'll just, you know, keep it where it's at. Um, but if anything, if anything drastic changes, you know, you notice blood in your urine or you have a lot of discharge, foul smell, anything like that, your back pain worsens, um, you know, go to the quickest urgent care or nearest urgent care, quick care. Um, and
Nurse: Then the problem with that has the, I have back problems. Yeah. So it's kind of hard to distinguish if it's back pain from my, you know, back surgery that I've had or, or, you know, but then, yeah, when I'm laying down, I feel like these little stab, you know, kind of pain like. So it's, it's weird.
Patient: Yeah, it's difficult to distinguish
Nurse: Yeah, on the 25th I have to go my g, I, uh, schedule me for a flexo demographic scope is something to that effect. Oh, ok. Yeah. So, because they found the polyp, uh, last year and it came back abnormal but it was pretty, it wasn't, you know, cancerous. So he's having me, uh, check again. So, say a prayer for me.
Patient: Oh, absolutely. You'll be in my thoughts, prayers, everything. So we'll hope that test um comes back negative and everything is, everything is good from there.
Nurse: So I'm asking it, but it's kind of, you know, it's like in the back of my brain.
Patient: Yeah, absolutely. I mean, it's, it's always nerve wracking to, to get a test like that done and wait for results. So, um I'll definitely be thinking about you. Um Thank you. Yeah, absolutely. Have you heard from um, [PHI-Personal] the social
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]? Mm. No.
Patient: Ok, because I see that [PHI-Personal] reached out to her or her name is [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. Yeah, I did call and then I tried calling a matter of fact this week and I got another name. Uh I can't remember her but I left a message as well just in case, you know, [PHI-Personal] is no longer with us. Um But yeah, neither one of them has returned my call and I, I would, I would love for them to reach out to me.
Patient: Yeah, absolutely. Um I have their number here so I will also give them a call today. Um, see if I can get anything and if I do, um, if I reach anybody, I'll tell them to call you. Ok,
Nurse: Beautiful. Thank you so much, honey. Absolutely.
Patient: Absolutely. Is there anything that I can do for you today? [PHI-Personal] medication refills anything like that? I
Nurse: Don't think so, but just checking up on me is a big help. Um, I pray that I don't have to go to on Friday jury duty. Oh no,
Patient: That's the worst
Nurse: It is, but I got a lot of them. I got a letter from um doctor and hopefully that'll take care of it but you know, you never know,
Patient: You never know sometimes you know, so we'll see but fingers crossed, you get out of it and you don't have to, you don't have to sit through anything. So um we will, we will keep our fingers crossed for that as well. Thank you. Alright. Absolutely, Miss Cindy. You too, honey. Have a great day. Bye bye.
