Nurse: Good morning. This is
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. Well, good morning. This is [PHI-Personal]. Hi, how are you? I received a call from yesterday from and I missed it. So I was calling to find out what was it? What, what is the reason for the call? Um Do you remember who happened to call you? No, I, I don't know, remember because I wasn't here to take the call. Ok.
Nurse: Well, hold on one minute. I will check and whoever it was I will see if they are available to speak to you right now. Ok. Alright. All right, hold on. Hello. Hello. Hi. Is this [PHI-Personal] in? Yes, good morning. How are you?
Patient: I'm fine. Thank you.
Nurse: Good, good. Well, like I mentioned in my voice mail yesterday, I'm calling on behalf of family practice and doctor [PHI-Personal], uh calling on a recorded line to talk to you about a care management program that doctors offering and the program is basically a phone call from a dedicated nurse where she would check in between your office visits. She can answer questions or concerns, assist with anything from medications, lab results, prescription costs, really anything pertaining to your health. She'd be an added resource and then she would keep doctor updated with current conditions and any changes that may happen. Care management is a billable service to Medicare, Medicare Advantage plans and secondary insurances. So may be subject to coinsurance, deductibles and copays. I do see that you would qualify with your community blue insurance. Is that still up to date? Yes. Ok, great. So it looks like you would see your $15 copay. Now, the nurse, she could reach out monthly or every couple of months that would really be up to you. Would you have a preference if she were to call in the mornings or the afternoons?
Patient: Oh, I see. I guess if, if I was going to get a call for pre preference in the morning.
Nurse: Sure. All right. And then let me just confirm your address. I'll send out some information that includes her phone number. You'll be able to reach out to her as well. Um I've got 1420. Is it Rollon Street? Yes. Ok. In Harrisburg. All right. Well, I'll send that out li and you can expect a call in the next week or two. Ok. Alrighty. All right. Well, thanks so much for the call back and I hope you have a good day. You too. Thanks. Thank you. Bye bye.
