Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you?
Patient: Yes, [PHI-Personal], this is Kay [PHI-Personal] calling. And, um, I discovered, well, my daughter and I discovered yesterday that the bandages that we were, we were given to put on my incision and my staple little area for my back surgery. I've had an allergic reaction to them. Oh, goodness. It's all red. I wondered why my back was itchy, itchy and I was trying not to scratch it because, you know, it's pretty sore back there. And, um, and so once she, uh, it was getting ready to, uh, put a new bandage on, she said, have you put anything on your back? And I said no, was I supposed to? And she said, well, it's better than ever. And then I guess it's a rash. I don't know. And she said we're not gonna put those back on. So I thought I'd call you and see what you might recommend.
Nurse: Ok. Is it like an adhesive bandage? Is it ok. So my guess is you probably had a reaction to the adhesive? Have you ever had any trouble with tapes or anything like that? Um, after having blood drawn or anything like that.
Patient: No, no, I've never, you know, that's why I was surprised. And like I said, it, my back had been itchy, itchy for the last couple days and I was trying to use self control and not scratch back there, but it's been driving me nuts and she said it every day she changed it. She said it was getting red and red and I thought, huh? So we finally figured out I must have had a, an allergic reaction to these bandages and we're not gonna use them anymore.
Nurse: Ok. So, um, let me take a look at your chart here and let me see if I can see what kind of dressing they recommended.
Patient: A she, I happened to buy a brand new box of band aids at the drug store, multiple different sizes and she found one that was large enough to put on my back last night. But [PHI-Personal] thinks it's, I shouldn't keep, it, shouldn't keep that area covered all the time that I should let the air, um, help heal it better.
Nurse: Ok. And with the, do you have stitches in place?
Patient: I have staples, I believe. Four or five. Yeah, I haven't had them removed. That's on Monday.
Nurse: Ok. So, um, I would say unless you've been advised otherwise as far as keeping them covered or uncovered, I would keep them covered. And Doctor [PHI-Personal] did your surgery. Correct?
Patient: Yes, he did. Ok.
Nurse: Ok. Um, so, you know, I I agree. I wouldn't put those, those same bandages back on there. Um, but what I can do is if you want, I can give doctor [PHI-Personal] office a call and see what kind of bandage they would recommend or if they would recommend covering it. Um, do you know if there's any open areas, um, like where the skin is open and raw from the bandage or is it just irritated and itchy?
Patient: It's, well, I can't really see back there but, um, I don't think there's any open soreness. It's just very, very itchy and, uh, real red and I don't know if it's blistery or what, but we've determined that it's caused by the bandage and, um, I'm thinking, well, uh, I got by with this one band aid that, that we took out of the box last yesterday and, um, maybe I only need to cover it, um, when I'm taking a shower or going to bed. Mhm.
Nurse: Yeah. To kind of prevent the, the friction and stuff on it and from water getting into it.
Patient: Right. Yeah. Right. I, I try to keep my back away from the shower, you know, because it's still very tender. And, um, so anyway, I, I need to take a shower today. I thought that might help the itchiness, um, back there.
Nurse: It could. And what you can also try is, um, you know, not on the incision itself but you could always try putting some, like Vaseline or something over the top of it. Just that irritated skin to try, see if that helps. Um, just because it'll keep it moisturized and could help it, you know, not itch as much.
Patient: Oh, ok. I can do that. Um, I think I have, well, I don't know. I have Vaseline. I have, uh, antibiotic ointments and I have Caladryl, but I don't know about using that. And so you,
Nurse: You could try that triple antibiotic ointment. That's definitely one you could try if you don't have Vaseline.
Patient: Yeah, I have triple antibiotic, um, tubes of it. Actually a couple different ones.
Nurse: Yeah. So I would, I would recommend, you know, maybe putting some, not, like I said, not directly on the incision, but you could put some on the area around it and that may help. But, um, I can also give their office a call and see if, you know, they'd recommend leaving it open to air or what exactly they would recommend and then I can get back in touch with you if you would like.
Patient: Ok, that sounds great. Ok. So I just wanted to, you know, um, because I don't know what [PHI-Personal] is going to do when she, uh, gets off of work and comes over here. I don't know what the plan is. I don't wanna call her at work and bother her. But, uh, I, I guess I've looked online and they make non allergen allergenic. I can't say that word non allergenic band aids bandages. But I can't jump, I can't even drive. There's no way I can go to the drug
Nurse: Store. Yeah. And so I would recommend, you know, doing the band aid that you've got on it. Now, that's perfectly fine. Um, sometimes they'll recommend a non adherent, um, pad or it's also known as, like Aula Pad. Um, so basically it's just kind of a non adherent gauze that you place over the top of it and then you can use some of that like paper tape, what they would use to tape down. So like a cotton ball, if you had a blood drawn, you can use the paper tape on the edge of that and that can um hold it in place. But let me see what Doctor [PHI-Personal] office recommends and then I can give you a call back. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Um I just didn't have any gauze or anything like that and, and like I said, I don't know if [PHI-Personal] uh got an idea of what she, what we're gonna do when she shows up to, to, you know, change my band bandage or band aid. And I just thought I'd give you a call and see what you thought about this situation because the itching is driving me up the wall.
Nurse: Yeah. And I'll see if you can use like a hydrocortisone cream or like an anti itch around that area. Um Just with incisions. You wanna be careful with what you put on them so I'll follow up with them to see if you know that's something we can do and then I'll I'll give you a call back. Ok?
Patient: Ok, I really appreciate it. Thanks so much.
Nurse: Sure, no problem, I'll talk with you soon.
Patient: Alright, bye bye bye
Nurse: Bye.
