Nurse: Good afternoon. This is, how can I help you? Uh, [PHI-Personal], uh, one second. Let me transfer you. Oh, thank you.
Patient: Mhm. She did. So, so, really, really
Nurse: [PHI-Geographic]. This is [PHI-Personal]. Hi, uh, [PHI-Personal]. This, this is, uh, yes, how are you? I'm fine. I'm short of breath but, uh, otherwise I'm good. That's, I never get to [PHI-Personal] phone when, when you call because I'm, uh, puffing. That's ok. Let me see here. Did you have an old message from me? Well, I thought you, you had called somebody, I thought with which you had called [PHI-Geographic] call. Oh, now somebody from [PHI-Personal] office may have called, um, oh, maybe that was it. Let me see here
Patient: And I calling from [PHI-Personal] main. Very good. Yeah. Yeah, that's what we call, we call them. Hm. Family Practice in [PHI-Geographic]. Mhm.
Nurse: Let me see here.
Patient: This is talking in brain. I can.
Nurse: Ok. So looks like you had an, er, visit. Was that yesterday? Uh, uh, either that or day before that was for, uh, yeah. What did I go to, er, for? Oh yeah, that was for my, uh, I, yeah, I know what like you were bleeding from your right ear. Yeah, I had gone to, uh, Geisinger for, um, uh, h surgery and they took, they took a, uh, two, s two s off my ear and I had bleeding in from it and I had to go, I had to go back and so forth. That was the reason that was in there. So I have had both surgery on my right ear and it had blood and I had to go back and have a cyst again. Let me see here. Um, let me get on through this. So I have, you've not had any, um, bleeding since then? No, I haven't. And that's probably who called me. I thought it was you guys who had called me? No, that's ok. Um, what I could do is I can update her, um, that you're, you know, you're doing ok that the bleeding resolved after they, um, fixed. That would be great. And let's see here. Uh, is, uh, I can give you the phone number and everything if you want it. Uh, let me see here. She's me. Uh, yeah, it was for, it would be for, uh, Doctor Sebes. Uh, and their phone number is, uh, 5757 O2 718050. Ok. And now, did you see dermatology after that? Uh, yeah, I just saw them yesterday and they, they, they re, it ok, re it. Yeah. All right. All right. So, no, um, no bleeding since then everything seems to be doing ok. No increased pain. Ok. All right. So my guess is that, that, that was probably what they were calling for based off the note. So I will send an email and attach that to it that, um, you know, you're doing ok that you followed up and then we'll also request the note from dermatology to send over. Um, and that was the number that you gave me was from the derma dermatologist that you saw. Correct? Yes. Well, they, they, they, yes. Ok. All right. So I'll call them and get them to send over the information for us. Um, and then that way we'll have it to attach to your chart. Now, you know, if, um, you mean you did the right thing, you know, with the increased bleeding, you know, to go there. Um, if, for some reason that was a change you were to have, you know, increased pain, um, you know, or any, you know, fevers chills, anything like that. Um, you know, definitely give us a call. So that way we can, you know, address it. Um, and then are you going to be following up with dermatology again within the next couple of weeks? Yeah, I follow up sometime in May. Ok. All right. And did they give you instructions on, like, caring for that area on the back as far as, like to wash it daily or to keep it? Clean and dry. Did they tell you what to do for it? Yes. They, they did. I have a, I have that information. Yeah. Ok, good. All right. So, just go by what dermatology gave you. I'll update the office. Um, and then, um, you know, like I said, if you need anything, um, you give us a call and then I'll follow up with you at the end of the month and make sure everything's still going. Ok. All right. Uh that would be great and I'm sorry I miss miss the uh no, that's perfectly fine because what happens is is I mean you call then I can pull your chart up and see everything and then I can just update them so it's just one phone call. Oh that's that's great. Alright. Well you have, you're welcome you have a great afternoon if you need anything. Call me anytime. You too Britney. Thank you. You're welcome. Bye bye.
