Nurse: This is [PHI-Personal] nurse care manager with [PHI-Geographic].
Patient: Hey,
Nurse: Please. Your phone died or something?
Patient: Yeah, you
Nurse: Sound like me. But
Patient: Anyway, that's, that's where we are. Uh, I probably, you know, I let the la until she was ready to get up and I probably got her up and, um, into the chair, her recliner and then, um, like I said, tried to, she wanted some apple juice so I gave her some apple juice and she couldn't even hold that in her hand. She dropped it. And, um, so after that I changed her gown and stuff and told her to get back in bed and not to get up until she called me. You know, not even to try to get up, um, until she calls me. So that's, that's where she is and now she's back in bed but again, um, in and out of it talking, holding conversations. I don't know who she's talking to but with people. Mhm. And, and it's about, it's about her phone and she fell and, you know, so that's why I say she, sometimes she's coherent and sometimes she's not still talking to somebody.
Nurse: Ok. Bless her.
Patient: Heart. Yeah. So that's where we are this morning. So, um, ok.
Nurse: Ok. Let's see. I'm trying to let doctor [PHI-Personal] know. Yeah, just if you can, you know, look her over, make sure you don't see any cuts bruising, um, bumps arising. Sometimes if somebody does hit their head, it's not instant. Sometimes it's a slow process so they not coming up. So check for things like that if, since you fall and we're not sure if there's any injuries visible yet. Um, if she can not sleep right now, that would be best if she starts having nausea, vomiting a lot. Um or somebody cannot come out there soon. Go ahead and just call 911 so she can get assisted by medical staff at the hospital.
Patient: Yes, there's nothing around it for her to get her head up. Ok?
Nurse: But even hitting the head say on the floor can you know, I just don't want you to, you know, say there might be something wrong even though it's not obvious it's more of a better, better to be safe than sorry. So, but as soon when you do when they do come out or something, um or if they don't and you're gonna go to the hospital, just give me a call. You can even just leave me a voicemail just so I can make note of it and keep doctor [PHI-Personal] informed. Um And what I could do of course is Monday just give you a call back and see what all happened, what they said so I can get doctor [PHI-Personal] updated. Ok. All right.
Patient: That sound good. Alright, sounds good and um like I said, I'll call if they don't call me back soon, I will call them and see if we're gonna get somebody out here. They achieve the uh everybody's been out here except um well the nurse that did the assessment has been out but the actual nurse is gonna do. Mhm. Continued visit has not been out. We had an occupation therapy yesterday and like I said, we're having choice palliative care come this morning at [PHI-Personal]. Mhm. So, um, we got everything's in place except department of aging. I, and I still have, yeah, I, I have to get all that paperwork that they request together.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, it's a lot, it can be a lot of stuff, but at least things are rolling. You're getting help and stuff. So, and I think once that hospital I, or hospital, sorry, that hospital bed comes in, I think that'll help. Um, maybe if you could even get like a, I don't know if there's something that, where if she wants like a call lot life alert or something like that. Well, we, some
Patient: On it, the bed is coming, has a lift, we upgraded it, then it has a gel pad. It's half rails. It's electric because I told him I wanted the old fashioned bed. Yeah. You know, I
Nurse: Know old fashioned way to work.
Patient: Yeah. Upgraded it. And, um, good. So it, it should be and like I said, it has a lift on it that she can lift herself up. Um,
Nurse: Good. Maybe you could get her some type of like clicker or a bell she can use to where if she wants to get up you can get her talk to where, you know, do this or click this and it alerts you to help before she tries to get up on her own. Well,
Patient: I think what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna get a bell to put on the bed when it comes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, those two because she gonna have to grab the side to get up and when she does that it'll hit the bell. So we'll, we'll see and we're even going to get a belt on her. Um, because like we talked about it, a belt on her walker that she uses to go to the bathroom. I mean, [PHI-Personal] last night she walked forever. She was getting up thinking she was downstairs, um, one in the, in the kitchen area where she was really upstairs because she was cooking, she was cooking all night too. That's the other thing. She had these pots on the stove. And so, but, um, she was cooking all night and wanted to go check her pots. And so, and I even found yesterday that trying to, her trying to get into her stair lift to go down. She was forgetting how to do it. So. Mm. So that's where we are. But um let me get up and get myself dressed before I get here but that's where we are. Ok. And all right, talk to you later. Ok.
Nurse: Bye.
