Nurse: Good morning. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. It's [PHI-Personal]. Hi, how are you? I feel like I've been run over by a freight train.
Nurse: Oh, no.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. How it just, I feel like every bone in my body. Every muscle. Oh, my God. Yeah. Oh, yeah. But you, I mean, my headache went away that. Oh my God. Yeah, that was horrible. I mean, I still have pressure but I don't have the throbbing like I had and now it seems like it's going to my chest and my guts, my guts are, like going, oh, no, no, no, no, no, I don't need the shit.
Nurse: Yeah. No kidding. Yeah. Yeah.
Patient: So I got two of the doses of that stuff in and I'm due for another [PHI-Personal] around 11. I've been trying to take them right on the money. Ok. Um, uh, and, and in between that, is it? Oh, still, ok. To take the, I mean, the, the Nyquil, I mean, cold and flu. Is, is that ok?
Nurse: Um, you know, I let me just let me just take a look because I'm just wondering, I
Patient: Mean, it, it does help. I mean, it kind of relaxes me and puts me to sleep last night. I couldn't sleep. Oh, jeez. These night, my, I sent my husband out to get some because they give you two doses of night time and four of day time. And that's it. But it's like, oh, you get eight pills and so many of these, it's like, yeah, but you need two pills for each dosage. Oh, my God. And then they, they, he needed his driver's license. Oh,
Nurse: Geez.
Patient: He's like what I said. Yeah, you gotta do that for Sudafed too. Now he goes. Oh, my goodness. Yeah. I can't believe it. And then that was the last [PHI-Personal] on the shelf that they had and they were, the capsules. They don't work with crap. I tried them and no, it didn't work. I took it at around seven o'clock last night and I could not sleep. I'm up at midnight. Hey, Hallmark Christmas specials are on. So I'm ok.
Nurse: That, that's ok.
Patient: 8000 times. But that's ok. Right.
Nurse: Yeah. But
Patient: The thing is my body is screaming for rest and it's, mm,
Nurse: It's just not letting you. Yeah. I know.
Patient: But it just seems like, oh, my God, I can feel every ache in my body. It's like you gotta be kidding me.
Nurse: And that's the worst. Today's Thursday. The 28.
Patient: Wow. I'm just looking at my calendar. Wow.
Nurse: I know. I think
Patient: [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Account] days without any pain meds. Oh,
Nurse: Wow. That's awesome. Good deal.
Patient: I don't want them. I don't want them.
Nurse: I, I don't blame you. I
Patient: Can manage without them now and I think it's because the hip was so screwed up.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. And now you're
Patient: Not only the hip, I mean, I couldn't believe I didn't have any muscle. I'm like, what? He's like, you don't have, you didn't have no bone, you should have no muscle. I'm like,
Nurse: Whoa, I,
Patient: That's the only thing that bothers me is the, um, the muscle. Yeah, I still have, uh, numbness on like, half of my leg, half of my thigh. It would be like, like half going out to the end. You know, that's where I have it. Not in the middle, that's all come back. It's like halfway and it's weird because I keep on getting these, like, electrical volts and like, these weird sensations and he goes, well, that's because your body is going. What the hell is this? Yep. I actually got muscle back. Right. And my leg's strong. I mean, but I'm not strong.
Nurse: Oh, you're doing, you're doing well.
Patient: I'm just beat. Oh, my goodness. I just feel so beat up. It's like trying to recover from the hip and then this hits me. Holy crap. Yeah. Like I said, I, I got hit by a freight train.
Nurse: I know it. And you're doing, it sounds, I mean, you're doing, sounds like you're doing ok. Um, you really haven't.
Patient: Mhm. I, I did eat oatmeal and a piece of, uh, oh, and a whole English muffin yesterday. And a cup of tea for that was my breakfast and lunch because I don't eat. And then for supper I just had chicken soup. That's all I was hungry for. Then I went back up to lay down and I think I fell asleep for a little bit, then woke back up, fell asleep a little bit. And that's all I've been doing is like sleeping and then waking up sleeping, not sleeping full, but at least I'm resting somewhat.
Nurse: Right. Yeah. Yeah. I don't see that there would be any reason [PHI-Personal] that you couldn't take the Nyquil and the, the Paxlovid, um, you know, in between, you know, and because there's no no interactions that have been found to be, you know, that there's
Patient: Anything not taking any narcotic anymore. So I can take because they were so concerned about me taking anything except for Tylenol. And I said Tylenol doesn't do nothing for me to. Right. Yeah. Uh, I tried Tylenol for years and it doesn't do a thing. And the only thing that works for me is [PHI-Personal] and that's what I take when I, my back starts hurting me and that's the only thing that really bothers me is my lower spine. Oh, my God. I can scream at times. See, the only thing that bothers me, sometimes I get pain so bad. I can barely stand up. But then I get up and it's like, ok, you're going to walk, you're going to walk, you're going to do it. And then, you know, I just kind of, oh, it's like, ok, you can do it. But then, then some days I have good days it doesn't bother me at all and then some days it hurts so damn bad. I'm like, what the hell, you know. Yeah.
Nurse: It takes you out. Yeah. Oh, I know it. Like, first I had
Patient: [PHI-Personal] damn thing. Now I got another thing. It's like, come
Nurse: On. I know at least the, hopefully the COVID, you know, you should be starting to slowly feel better as far as with, with the COVID. You should start be getting some improvement there. Hopefully here soon. I'm
Patient: Hoping because I take these every 12 hours and that's what i, it's just what it says on the bottle. Yep. Take four, every 12 hours. So I'm gonna make sure I take it at 11 o'clock because that's when I eat, by the time I got downstairs yesterday I slept until like, 10 o'clock. I'm like, oh, my God, it's actually, well, I woke up early and I made some coffee and I had a cup of coffee and some cookies and of course I had the, of pets and wash out the coffee pot.
Nurse: Right. Right. Yep. Do
Patient: The motherly duties. Yeah. See the little, little stinker, that [PHI-Personal] and the two cats I gotta get fed it's like, oh my God. And then I just sat here and I had some emergency and then I had um some of the uh Vicks Nyquil and then I'm like, ok, I've got to lay down. So I just went up and lay down and I think I slept till 10 and I forgot to tell him he woke up. And I said, honey, you gotta go get my script. He's like, 00, ok. So he went and got it and I said get some more Nyquil. They give you plenty a day but they only give you like two night in like eight day. I'm like, that's not enough but you're only allowed so many packs. I'm like get the hell out of here.
Nurse: Yeah. They come down hard on my sorry.
Patient: So I have to check my sorry ass in there but I don't think they wanna see me because they would run. I look like death mourned over. I'm not kidding. Oh my God, because you're
Nurse: Not feeling
Patient: Well. Oh my God. I never looked this bad in my life.
Nurse: Well, it's the COVID. You can blame that lovely COVID. Oh my
Patient: God. You know, for so many years I thought, oh I'm going to avoid this. Make sure I wash my hands, sanitize everything, you know, and I haven't gone out since week four and that's when I think, I think it was week four. I went shopping because I felt really good and then I came home and go, oh, I shouldn't have done that. Oh, my God. I have so much pain in my spine and I'm like, ok, that's it. I'm not going out and I did, I have, I haven't gone anywhere. I mean, I've been here home and then all of a sudden it's like, mm.
Nurse: Yeah,
Patient: I, I kind of know where I got it.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, I know. It's, it's, uh, it's un, it sucks. It's, it's not a, not a fun thing for sure. Absolutely not.
Patient: It's not like what I had, I thought I had COVID when they just, you know, I don't know if it's because I started this medicine, the, the, whatever you call it. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. And it could, it actually could be. Yeah.
Patient: Ok. Because it hit me the, almost the same way. The fever. That's what hit me first. Um, I, we went shopping, it was a Monday and I said to, oh, my God. I said I don't feel right. Something's wrong. And the next morning I woke up and it was a Wednesday and I had such a high fever and I didn't have a thermometer that worked. I'm like, are you kidding me? No, thermometer worked or all, you know, the battery operated, operated [PHI-Personal]. They didn't fr, I'm like, oh, my God. I wonder what my temperature and I just kept on passing out because I was so hot. Yeah. Yeah. Well, so that's when we started the Nyquil cold and I, I was worse. I was, I did not throw up and I did not have diarrhea. I had no appetite. All I want to do is drink water. And that's what I did for, like, two [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. No food. I couldn't eat, I couldn't just drink, just drink, drink, drink. And that's all I did was just
Nurse: Drink. Yeah. Yeah. I keep big
Patient: Thing of water and that's all I did but it was so different. I ache so bad and I don't know if it's because I'm taking this, that I feel like this but it's in my chest. I can feel it. Oh,
Nurse: Goodness. Yeah. And just have to kind of watch that because when you get done with that, um, that antiviral medication then, then we'll just have to kind of keep an eye on you just so that you're, you know, make sure that doesn't settle in your chest and, and cause you any, you know, secondary, um, issues and, and, you know, when I say secondary issues I'm, I'm thinking, you know, pneumonia or anything like, or bronchitis or anything like that. I mean,
Patient: I can, I can take a deep breath without it hurting or shortness of breath or anything like that. I just feel like I got yucks in the chest and when I cough, I cough up the cu so I just took it out. Yeah. Right. But it feels like it's breaking up. It's just good, taken a while. I know. I know. It just happened. But, oh, my God, this is horrible.
Nurse: I know it. I know. And it seems like, and to me, at least when I, when I was down with it I had had it in August and, and I tell you when I was down with it, I thought, oh, my God, this is never going to end. You feel like the days just keep rolling by. But they feel like they're taking forever in a sense too. At the same time. Um, I started feeling better by day, about by day 4.5 5. I really started to kind of feel, feel better. Feel a little bit better. Ok. Yeah. Yeah. And I take that medicine too. No. Nope, they wouldn't. Uh, my doctor would not give me the medicine. So I struggled through it and I thought, ok, I can, I can do this. I'll be ok. You know, this is just it. I feel terrible but I'll get through it.
Patient: How the hell did you get it when you're not seeing people or are you seeing people?
Nurse: Well, I, I don't actually see people but, you know, it's like if you go to the grocery store, you know, I, I always have to go out for my family and go do all the grocery shopping and, and it's not that my husband doesn't want to. It's just the fact of he's busy with his work. So I get to. So I'm thinking I could have
Patient: Been somewhere
Nurse: There and, oh, probably, yeah, pumping
Patient: Gas just walking, you know, and I keep on thinking people that did have it. Yeah. Ok. May not have it anymore. But could they be carriers of it?
Nurse: You know, we don't know that yet. We don't know that
Patient: Yet. But God, I, I feel that so strongly. Oh, maybe not, but I, maybe down the line they'll prove that. But I feel that people that have had it are carriers of it, even though they may test negative for it, they still can pass it on. I don't know. Maybe I'm crazy. Well,
Nurse: No, no, there's just, uh, well, there's lots of stuff that, you know, we haven't, we haven't uncovered yet with it. You know, we don't really, we don't know what, you know, some of these and even some of, um, it was, was it last night I had heard that there was a, um, news conference on it and I remember when the first COVID vaccine had come out and, um, I had, you know, I, I had gotten it, um, a couple of my other coworkers had gotten it and a couple of them, you know, they're women. So they were reporting that they, they were, it was funny because they felt like, you know, hey, this is changing my, my menstrual cycle, things are going, something's, you know, something's changing with it and they were like, I don't know if it's actually due to the vaccine or not. Well, then I had heard they had made a news conference on it and said that there was, there was proof that, that it was, you know, that those, those women were not, you know, just crazy or, you know, thinking it, that they've actually, it, it does. Yep. Yep. So, you know, just different things that we've learned.
Patient: I'm scared to death to get the shot. Well, they told me I can't because of my having my hip done. But um I had a friend um perfect health. I mean, couldn't ask for more. Perfect health. Teaches yoga. Very busy. Woman got the shot because of COVID because if she didn't get the shot, they weren't gonna let her teach yoga class. So she got the shot and she got the first [PHI-Personal]. No problem it, her arm uh not a biggie. Then she got the second [PHI-Personal]. I get, he gets the 2nd 12 [PHI-Personal] or three [PHI-Personal] later, she said her arm wouldn't stop hurting. She goes, her arm just hurt and then the hurt went to her breast. So, oh, know that she's like, oh no, she goes, why does my breast hurt? Yeah. So she went to the breast cell center. Yeah. She had cancer and she just had a mammogram.
Nurse: Mhm. Oh my. Yeah, that's
Patient: Just have, yeah. And my daughter, she got the shot. Now she has heart issues. She, her heart races and then, and she can't lay down, put it that way. She can't lay down. She has to sit up to sleep with her baby, you know, with her baby. And she's like, how the hell do I do this? If I bend over I'm afraid I'm gonna pass out. I can't do that. Oh, my goodness. She, she's a mess. I mean, it, it, her kidneys, um, when she was born she had nephrotic syndrome. Well, from getting COVID brought that back. Now. She's 40. 0 God, [PHI-Account]. I'm trying to think. Oh, she is. Oh my God. Thank God. I know my God kids get away from it and I know she never had a problem with her kidneys. Um, she had it as an infant. By the time she was [PHI-Personal] year old she was off the medicine, checked her urine every year. No protein. Everything was good. Gets COVID and it comes back and smacks her in the face. She was in kidney failure. Um They had to put her in the hospital and do some stuff to try to stop the pores. What happens is the pores get too big and the kidneys and everything leaks out. No, none of the nutrients or proteins and everything just comes out. So they, they did that by God. What the heck is that called? PredniSONE? Ok. Very high doses of predniSONE.
Nurse: But it works good enough. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Now they're trying to wean her off. It's been a year and they're still weaning her off. Her morning days consists of taking these pills, puking her guts up, getting dizzy, trying to eat, take care of an, you know, little [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. Mm. Oh, wow. That's how all day is. Yeah. And then worrying about your heart. 000, on top of it she got diabetes because it, oh, yeah. And then the last, yeah, then the last [PHI-Personal] there was something wrong with her liver enzymes were, were elevated. So they're keeping an eye on her liver now.
Nurse: Oh, jeez. So it's caused a heck of a heck of a deal with, with her. And she lost
Patient: Her job. I mean, she was a pa, she lost it. There's no way she could have
Nurse: Done well. No, she got into it.
Patient: It smacked the crap out of her so bad. She was in bed. Couldn't move. Um, she had vertigo so bad throwing up. She was a mess. She was a, to, yeah, she, she really, two [PHI-Personal] she just was in bed. She couldn't move, couldn't eat, couldn't do anything. Mm. Yeah, she was, I know she was a royal mess but she got it shortly after, I think COVID was announced, I think shortly after that because her daughter was in daycare. Oh, the little germ buggers.
Nurse: Yeah. Yes, absolutely. 100%.
Patient: They called her at work and said we closed the daycare, come and get your child. And she went there and she goes, what's wrong? She goes, I don't know, all the kids had lunch and then we sent them out back to play. They all came in puking. She goes, we have no idea what is wrong. And it couldn't have been the food because the staff and everybody ate the food and they all tested, all the kids tested positive for COVID.
Nurse: Oh, my goodness. So she
Patient: Said, well, if she got COVID then I probably will have COVID too in time. And she did. But she had a really bad Bella only had like stuffies and, and just achy and it was only lasted a few day, like a few days and she was fine up running around [PHI-Personal] on the other hand, had it so bad. Oh, my God.
Nurse: Oh, man. Yeah,
Patient: I know. And it, let's, it's like now I got it and I'm like, oh, fuck.
Nurse: Yeah. Right. You worry about. Of
Patient: Course. Yeah. I'm thinking of what my daughter had and how, you know how [PHI-Personal], you know, with the shot. But she's fine. She, she went through, she went through all the treatments, rang the bell and she's, she's so active and, oh my God, even to this day she's still teaching yoga. She's help, she helps her sister. She's involved in so much. And that's good. I can't see how she does it. I really don't. She has fire under her ass and she goes, she does, she just keeps going. Oh, she does because she said cancer is not gonna let her let her down. No, absolutely not gonna stop her. And they said that's the biggest thing is the positive outlook that it's not gonna beat you and it didn't beat her. They like, no, no, she got her treatments and went and did what she wanted to do. You know, it's like, no, I'm not gonna let this stop me. Yeah.
Nurse: Absolutely. Yeah. Oh, my goodness. Oh, I know it. Well,
Patient: The only thing that kind of worries me yet is my heart keeps beating funny yet. Ok. That worries me. But hopefully after this stop goes away, hopefully it'll stop that. Stop, that scare the crap out of me. But then, oh, yeah. But it was happening before I had COVID though.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. Ok. Well, and then definitely just kind of keep an eye on it because then once you get out of this, you know, we finish that antiviral medication and then, um, kind of get over your, the fiveday hump of the, the COVID. Let's see how you, how you keep doing. Um, and if you think of it, if you, you know, um, wanna monitor your, your pulse and your BP a little clo more closely like when your heart feels like it's, you know, racing and beating out of your chest, see if you can excuse me, uh, get your heart rate and, you know, hold, put, take your pulse by putting your, you know, your thumb on your, where your wrist is at kind of on the upper portion of it. And you can kind of feel your, your, uh, pulse through your skin there and just count the beats for, even if you do it for, um, 30 seconds, it'll give you, you know, give you kind of, uh, a closer number of,
Patient: That's what scares me. It beats really fast. And I thought, oh my God. But it's mainly when I'm laying, if I try to lay down. Yeah. Or relax back, sometimes I can feel it like beating hard. I'm like, hard. Yeah. But this was, even before I got COVID, I noticed this. Um, and I'm like, wow, why the hell is my heart and, and, and I didn't want to lay down. So I kind of, yeah, kind of sleep on pillows, sitting up, sitting up. Right. But sometimes I wind up falling over so good. Oh, my God. Now I'm a left side sleeper and I mean, I could not sleep on my left side because of my hip for, for years. I could not lay on that side because it hurt so bad. And I finally, I woke up the other morning and I'm on my left side. I'm like, 00 my God. I actually slept on my left side and I slept so good because I, I snore if I lay on my back. But if I lay on my side I don't snore. I'm a snorer. Oh, my God. I can cut wood.
Nurse: Don't feel bad. I have my husband's the same way. I mean, he, and then he tells me that I snore but I don't believe it. I don't believe it. I'm sure I probably do maybe a little bit, but I don't, I still, I'm in denial. I don't snore. What are you talking about?
Patient: I didn't think I did it so I actually woke myself up [PHI-Personal] time. I'm like what the hell? And I thought oh my God, that's me.
Nurse: I did it to myself. Yeah. Oh goodness. Alrighty. Well um keep a keep an eye on those things. I will plan on it probably touching base with you come first thing Monday um to see how you're, you know, see how you're doing if you need something tomorrow, don't be afraid to give me a call especially with going into the weekend and we wanna make sure that you're, you know, doing ok still um but I will
Patient: Better tomorrow. That's my biggest thing. It's like, oh yeah and then I I know Doctor [PHI-Personal] on the 10th of [PHI-Personal], that's my next appointment with him and then I don't see [PHI-Personal] until [PHI-Personal] I thought in [PHI-Personal] it's not, it's, but is it necessary that he knows or doesn't it matter that he knows
Nurse: By then? It Yeah, well and by then it's not really gonna make any difference, you know, whether or not he knows. Right. Yeah. I mean, as long as it does doesn't have anything, you know, which it shouldn't, if it doesn't affect anything with, you know, your, um, any of the work that he did you should be, be fine. He kept on
Patient: Telling me, please don't get an infection, don't. And I'm thinking, oh, no, I got an infection. I feel like I got an infection in my lungs. But I thought, is that going to affect my hip? It doesn't feel, no, I don't have no pain in my hip. He's talking about falling and getting infection.
Nurse: I, yeah,
Patient: I'm, yeah, I'm not falling. Oh, no. No, I like going through that shit again. No. Yeah.
Nurse: No. That, that was a, that
Patient: Was, that was pretty traumatic
Nurse: And that was,
Patient: That
Nurse: Was absolutely
Patient: Never ever want to go through that. I guess I don't have to. They're both good. Yeah,
Nurse: You should be good. You should be. No. No, we're gonna think he's done. We're going to think positive that's not gonna happen. We're gonna, we're gonna stick with, with just the, um, with just the, uh, hips and that's it. Nothing. Nothing else. We're, we're good. That's what, which direction we're
Patient: In my family that had the hips. Everyone in my family had the knees. Where the hell did the hips come from? Yeah. See, I was born with a deformity of the hip joint. He said, that's what the guy when I first got my done. He said, look at this, you should, it should be completely round where it's circles in mine was like ac he goes, that's just wearing it away. He goes, that's why your bone was never formed correctly around. And I'm thinking, oh my God, as a kid, what did we do? Roller skate, ice skate, run, jump in the playground in the pool. I mean, come on three channels on TV. Who wants to stay home and watch TV? Except for Saturday monster movies. But I mean, we were always out and about the whole time. Yeah. Yep. And he goes, well, that's what did it to you, I thought, oh, so I was a couch potato. This wouldn't happened. He goes, probably not. I thought, well, I'm glad I got to swim and roller skate and ice skate and jog and play tennis and you name it with all my friends. I said, if that's the price I have to pay then, hey, I have time.
Nurse: Exactly. Yep. Oh, goodness, that's a better
Patient: Time than what it is today. That's for damn.
Nurse: Absolutely. All right. Well, [PHI-Personal], I won't keep you any longer. Yeah. And I'll check, I'll touch base with you come Monday to see how you're doing and make sure you're doing ok. Like I said, if you need something tomorrow, give me a call. Ok.
Patient: All righty. Well, thank you
Nurse: For calling. Ok. No. Problem. Take care. Bye bye.
