Nurse: [PHI-Geographic]. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi [PHI-Personal]. It's [PHI-Personal]. How are you? Good, how are
Nurse: You?
Patient: I'm alright. Uh Would you rather I called back tomorrow because it's getting pretty close to quitting time for you? No, you're
Nurse: Ok. Let me get you pulled up here. Hold on one
Patient: Second. Ok. Um maybe you wanna know my notes to Dr [PHI-Personal] as well. Um I don't know if the last time I spoke to you, I have had the retinal tears.
Nurse: I don't think so. Let me look.
Patient: Yeah I had a real bad day.
Nurse: Let me see here. Let me go back and look at my note here. Um No, the last time that we talked at the beginning of [PHI-Personal] was when your mom had COVID,
Patient: Right? Um
Nurse: And then
Patient: Must have been very early in [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Yes, it was like [PHI-Personal] actually it was [PHI-Personal] 1st to be honest.
Patient: Ok. And right. Well, that was a couple days before things started to happen
Nurse: Before so yeah, I have not. Um No I haven't. So you have an email
Patient: Here? That sounds no, I have more than that. Uh I had uh I woke up on the third. I think it was, that would probably be a Saturday probably a couple of days after we talked bunch of flashing lights in my left eye. Mhm. Uh I had a PV D in my right eye a couple of years back, but this was a lot different. So I called the Eye Center uh which is like the local uh one of the local eye outfits here which has a bunch of branches. I'm not really in love with the place or the doctor that heads it. Doctor El, he's not my favorite person. I don't see him anyway. But uh and he did both my cataract surgeries. But anyway, um so, uh it was Saturday. So I, I called me on call and I wrote a note to Doctor [PHI-Personal] but he didn't respond to it. And uh uh doctor Pa, I don't know which down in [PHI-Geographic] asked me, you know, if I could drive down on, you know, so I did and I met her down there about 11 30 or noon and she dilated me and looked and looked and looked and she didn't see anything. So she surmised that I was having another PV D in my left eye. But I noted from, from my uh reports, you know, when I get online for uh ophthalmology that already had a PV D in that eye, it was already noted by the last guy that saw me. So I knew that was not the case. So I told her, ok, she says, well, just see what happens. Yeah. So the next morning I woke up and the white was flashing now was like black, I mean, like aircraft carriers floating around and everything else. So I called her back and I said, look, she, by, by the way, she had set up an appointment for [PHI-Personal] the 20th for me to go over to the [PHI-Geographic] uh uh office, which is right next to Doctor [PHI-Personal] office. Ok. In sport, the eye center. It's right next to family or, you know, family practice and cornerstone someone in there. Uh, well, I, she, she wanted me to go the 20th, but that following day I said, look, I wanna be seen on Monday and I, I knew she wasn't gonna do anything else for me. That is. So, I guess it was what, uh, I guess it was the sixth. Um, I went in about one o'clock in the afternoon. I don't know if you're reading the note that I sent to doctor. But, uh I saw a P A there and he saw a tear in my left retina and I said, oh, ok. Well, what's the deal? He says, well, it needs to get fixed. And I said, oh, ok. And he goes today I go, oh, oh, apparently the retinal guy that they use is doctor and doctor was not available. He was on vacation or whatever, which meant that I had to drive down to wood ophthalmology at [PHI-Geographic] in [PHI-Geographic], which is a 45 minute drive from here. So, uh he dropped me off with one of the girls out front in the office and uh she proceeded to battle the people at wood to get me in cos he didn't want to take me. Uh they were busy and their retinal surgeon was not in, he wasn't even on, you know, at the hospital or at the clinic. And this woman really, you know, really pushed and they called back and I said, OK, send them down, we'll take them and we're gonna call the doctor in. So I actually ended up, I'll let you know about that later. Anyway, I thank her profusely for getting me in there and I left, I must have been about 2 30 at the time and I drove down to [PHI-Personal] and uh went into the clinic. It was jammed. Uh but they took me back in about 10 minutes and they uh female ophthalmologist. Uh a doctor [PHI-Personal]. The first doctor I saw was Doctor [PHI-Personal] and then I saw Doctor [PHI-Personal]. So see, I mean, they, they really mall your eyes with tools and stuff which I had never really experienced before. They look like dental tools, but they're smooth. Oh And you know, she uh looked around, looked around, looked around and buy this button a, a few minutes. And uh but this time the surgeon and the, this uh retinal surgeon and his name is Doctor [PHI-Personal]. He looked in my eye and was like a minute. He said, well, Mr, you have four tears in your right. I said what he says? Yeah, there's four tears here. We need to repair these now. Otherwise you're gonna be coming back here a week from now or two weeks from now and I'm gonna have to completely reattach your retina. So, surprise. Right. Well, I mean, like,
Nurse: How do we, how do you go from nothing there to four retinal tears?
Patient: Well, uh, well, that, that's the rest of the story. So anyway, I, this guy took care of me. He was very nice. It was not fun. Ah, my eye still hurts from the different positions that I had to hold it into for so long while he lasered. I mean, [PHI-Personal] stitched all these apparent ripped in my left retina. I mean, I was there for quite some time laying flat on my back. Well, another doctor was with the, the machine and, you know, if they tell you this stuff doesn't hurt, well, it hurts, you know, you feel this, you see this yellow flash and it, it kind of, the pain kind of goes back in your brain. I don't know. It must have been like 300 flashes to get these. I said, well, what are you doing there? He says, I, I'm, he says I'm [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal] doing days. So they don't come loose. He says I'm sealing them up. I said, OK, you're the doctor. I got on that website later at this guy is like five stars, five star retinal surgeon with umpteen people saying how wonderful he is. And uh so I got to the right guy anyway, so uh I was to go back and see them in two weeks, which I did and uh uh they proclaimed it was doing ok and I go back to see them again in six more weeks and that was two weeks ago. It's like another month or five weeks to go back, which means I have to drive all the way to [PHI-Geographic] for my ophthalmology and to see this retinal specialist, uh, they do have an, have you ever
Nurse: Had any tears or anything like that in the
Patient: Past? No, no, I had, I had a, I had a PV D and I, they, he asked me, he said, have you hit your head lately? And I said no, you know, I think you wouldn't believe how good I take care of myself. You know, I exercise, I eat right. I do have some bad habits. One of which is, I eat too late at night before I go to bed and that's leading to some other issues, I think. But, um, anyway, for now it's ok. Uh, I went, uh, I went, uh, I called the supervisor, the girl that got me in down at and said, look, you know, uh I wanna send you an email about this woman and what she did to get me in. Uh I think I please put it in our personnel file. So I wrote a nice, nice up because this, this woman really fo these people down at to get me in that day. Otherwise I'd have been screwed. So, um, anyway, I, after I went to my two week appointment, I decided, and I, I stopped at my optometrist. Uh, his name is [PHI-Personal]. I'm due to get to get new glasses in [PHI-Personal] 2 every two years. And I trust him as well. He's a good guy and he's always, he and I have had a lot of discussions about the eye center. And so the, the, the first, the very first cataract surgery he did with me when I was laying on the table when he was doing it, he was laughing and joking with the nurses about the latest office that he was opened up. He, he's, this guy is like a business. He runs a factory. He, he, he gets like 100 people through a day when he does his surgeries. He, he's, I don't know. And he's an arrogant sob, but whatever. And then that's just my opinion. Probably so my mom loves, but then she's blind. Ok, she's completely blind. So, anyway, uh, I went back after the second, after I talked to [PHI-Personal], he says, well, I can probably get you down to that. There's a closer up the office with another uh retinal guy by the name of, he says I can get you in down there. That's, which would be about 15 miles away instead of driving all the way down to [PHI-Geographic] every time I need something with my eyes. But I did uh talk to him and then I went straight over the eye center and I request, I told him I said, I'd like, I want all my records from the eye center. This is going back to probably [PHI-Personal] when I had my first cataract done. I said I want all my records sent to, uh all of them sent down to ophthalmology. And this was the supervisor, the, the girl that, you know, had helped me out and she didn't, you know, blink an eye. She just said, ok, you know, I think they knew I wasn't real happy but the fact that, you know, 1st, 1st of all, they had a AP a on Saturday or, or whoever she was that saw absolutely nothing. Then I demand to be seen sooner. I get seen. They see one tear. They go down the guy singer and the doctor there looks at me in one minute and tells me I have four tears. So I have absolutely no, no faith in the eye center whatsoever at all anymore. And I'm done with them. Never going, never going back. So that's the, that's the story with my eye. You really had
Nurse: A month, didn't you?
Patient: Well, that, that, that's, that was part of it. Uh, something's going on now and I'm really not sure what it is. I, I, I'm concerned about couple of things. Uh, I've had some bouts of indigestion, which is unusual for me. Not at night. Um, but, uh, couple two bike rides, one that was indoor and one, I took a bike ride yesterday. I finally got outside and as you may recall, I'm a road bike rider. So I'm in, in, in that, that bent over type position, you know, uh, I'm not sitting straight up, you know, I'm in, in it kind of, you know, I'm in a road bike position when I got back. I experienced some, a lot of burping. Mhm. And a couple sharp and this and, and I know it's not, it was not cardiac because II I can go, like I can peg myself out. Ok. Literally. Ok. And hold it and not have heart pain. I don't have any cardiac issues in that sense. Ok. Uh, but it was a definite kind of a sharp burn and I recognize it as something that's totally gastric and, and I've experienced it before at various times. Mhm. So, I'm, I, and I have been, I think I told you before. I've been experiencing some, uh, uh, some issues with some, ah, uh, constipation. Mhm. You know, and, uh, so I started taking some more meam Metamucil here the last couple of days and I really did a bunch of moving today. I mean, that wasn't, you know, I didn't have to grind it out like I usually do and I understand that that also can have some bearing with in terms of possible Hiatal hernias and stuff like that. Although II, I don't know, it's hard for me to tell because I'll sit, you know, I'll be eating stuff at night and at the same time I'll be doing stomach exercises while I'm sitting in my chair. So, you know, I'm, I'm probably doing a lot of things that aren't the greatest thing. G I, wise, uh, last night I, I did not, I, it's not unusual for me to go to bed at two o'clock in the morning and I didn't eat anything after, like, eight or nine, which is unusual for me, you know, sometimes I would eat like fruit at midnight, like something like pineapple or something like that, which is pretty, you know, a acidic. Mhm. Uh, twice between this position and the last position I've had in the middle of the night. Uh, um, well, uh, they were, they were partial inhalations, aspirations where I woke up choking my guts out. Um, the fact the, the first time I had it, doctor had me go to the hospital, which there was nothing. They took an x-ray the second time I just told me about it. And I haven't had one since but, um, it kind of scared me and I did a little reading and, uh, I don't know that I could have, I'd have a Hiatal hernia but I know that I've been, I've been on PriLOSEC since they develop it. Mhm. Daily. Uh, 20 mg. Now, that's a long time. I've probably been on PriLOSEC for 30 years or more. And the more I read about that, the more I read this is really something that's only supposed to be used for, you know, either somebody who has a serious GERD issue related issue. I mean, I do have GERD to some, I've got my father's gut. He was the same way. Plus when you get old, he was constipated except, except he was the kind that sat and worried about it all day long, you know, whether or not I go every day he would, you know, and I have diverticulosis and all the usual stuff, you know, and I'm, I'm somewhat of an antibiotic. That's why I don't sleep well. Plus I'm a, you know, a reformed alcoholic. So, uh I, I was a little bit concerned about that. I'm, I'm kind of thinking maybe I wanna call uh the local G I people. I had a uh colonoscopy in [PHI-Geographic] and there was one small, there was one non noncancerous small polyp just inside the rectum. I don't think there's anything wrong with my gut. Uh, but I am a little bit concerned because I, you know, I, I have once or twice tried to get off of the PriLOSEC on my own and that, that, that, uh, heartburn comes stumping back and I read where it's not unusual for that, you know, somebody who's been on it so long, like me to have kind of almost like an acute gastritis come out of it. Well, and
Nurse: I was gonna say too, I mean, do you think maybe just, um, I just know sometimes with people when you have any type of stressful situations, you know, it can kind of get your gut balance out of whack, you know, and I thought maybe, you know, with everything you had going on with your eye and everything last month, like that was just a lot of additional stress to where maybe it's causing like a flare up of some
Patient: Sort. Plus plus plus I have an O CD personality. So, you know, it's just me, you know, I'm kind of, I don't know, you wouldn't know what to meet me but, you know, internally I'm kind of churning, you know what I mean? That's me.
Nurse: Mhm. I understand.
Patient: And, uh that's what made me so good at my job was because I, you know, I, I was just like a demon and I'm a demon about just about everything. That's probably why my, my hip flexors are partially torn and, you know, it's just me iii I don't have I've never done anything. 75% or 80%. I'm either on zero or I'm on 100 and 20. You know what I mean? That's just me. But, uh, uh, I'm gonna watch my, you know, and, and the thing about it is, I mean, I eat, uh, a, a low, uh, carb diet. Um, so I do eat, end up eating a lot of citrus tomatoes, fruit. Uh, I don't need that. They can kind of
Nurse: Aggravate
Patient: And I don't know that it has, I mean, because I use, I, and I take my PriLOSEC in the afternoon around five o'clock, but I typically don't eat dinner until like, around eight or nine or sometimes even later. And then I'll go to bed at 2 a.m. and I'll wake up at nine or 10 in the morning. So I've got kind of a, you know, I've turned into kind of a night owl after I retired. Mhm. Uh, because I, I didn't like getting up early. So, you know, and, and I'm a late night movie nut. So, you know, that's just my lifestyle. Yeah. But, um, I don't, you know, I'm not early to bed and early to rise, so I guess I'm not very wise. So, what can I say? Um, but I don't know, you know, it was just transient but today I noticed, you know, I'm pretty burpy. I, I am taking Metamucil. I'm, I'm gonna take like two teaspoons, flat teaspoons. A day along with, you know, more water. Like I said, today, today I got out of bed and, you know, I went to the bathroom which I did, there was no struggling, uh, because I had taken more Metamucil yesterday and I am trying to drink more. That's usually pretty easier for me in the summer time because of, you know, uh, being my, my activity and, and needing to be hydrated, but I sometimes kinda get away from it a little bit and, uh, and coffee, you know, I started getting this habit of drinking two and three cups of coffee in the morning and I know that's acidic. So I'm cutting back to one. I gotta have one to wake me up. That's just the way it is. I understand. I don't know. Same way. So I'm just mentioning that to you. Uh, like I say, uh, I'm actually sore in my chest just from riding yesterday because it's not the same as riding in a trainer, you know. Uh, I've, I've had years ago, ok. And several times since, uh, uh, I've had multiple heart, heart, uh, test testing and all that kind of stuff. I do have some, uh, I do have kind of a brachycardia which is, which is, I guess, partly electrical, partly just because of the, the, uh, exercise effect because I've been doing what I've been doing for so long and, you know, my resting heart rate is not very fast normally. You know, but my BP has been good and everything else, you know, I checked that and that's been, you know, that was spiked there for a while. I don't know what was going on with that, you know. You get all like that. Yeah, but that's been fine. Um, so I'm just gonna kind of monitor this, uh, you know,
Nurse: Well, I mean, you're doing all the right things as far as, you know, like you said, cutting back the coffee, you know, um, especially coffee on an empty stomach. I mean, it's like, you know, cookbook recipe for terrible heartburn or any type of indigestion. Um, you know, and just being, like you said, you're being, um, mindful of, you know, um, your, like the acidity with what you're eating, you know, and like tomatoes, tomato base and stuff like that. So, I mean, you're on the right track as far as that's concerned and then, you know, that's good too that you're increasing the hydration with the Metamucil. So that way it doesn't have, you know, the opposite effect. You know, it makes it easier, you know, for those stools to be,
Patient: Um, I, I do chew it. Yeah, I do chew an 81 mg Aspirin as, as well. It's a chewable and that's when I had a cardiologist. I don't have a cardiologist anymore. I was seen for 20 years by a cardiologist because they thought I had, uh, an enlarged aorta and I do. It's, it's a millimeter and a half bigger than yours. Ok. But they watched it for years. I had just, virtually every year or every other year I had, you know, uh, Echoes and it didn't change. So doctor who, uh, was my cardiologist finally told me two years ago, he said, look, they, we've been following this for 20 years. It hasn't gotten any bigger. You just have a bigger aorta than the rest of us. That's it. You know, that could be just your, you know, by birth or, you know, it is what it is. It's not an aneurysm. So, um, uh, but I do have a murmur. I have a couple leak, leaky valves. They won, they're slightly regurgitating. There's nothing, uh, I mean, no, never any limits with my activities. And, you know, sometimes I think I probably do go harder than I should but it's, you know, I still feel like I can do that. Um, I don't know, it, it, it's what it is, you know, I, I'm having a real hard time being 70. I'm telling you. So, the, the last, the last, yeah, so I, I hit, hit you with one more. The, the BPH has been bothering me lately that's waking me up every two hours like clock work. So, you know, the more I drink and, you know, I try not to drink later at night, the more it wakes me up during the night. So that's affecting my sleep and it's, it's, that, that also has a tendency along right now with the change in this. I'm not sound like a real sick case here. Right. With, uh, my migraines which are seasonal and we've had this real weird winter summer where it's back and forth and back and forth. So I've been having more migraines than usual and cluster migraines. So, I don't know. I'm just, I'm, I'm feeling my age and I don't like it.
Nurse: I understand. Uh that's a, I mean, but you've got, you've had a lot going on in the last month now you're still, is it the um, is it Euro?
Patient: Well, it's um, um trying to think of what's on the how fs milligrams.
Nurse: What is it? Half a tablet you take it every day. I'm
Patient: Only, I'm only taking five. Yeah. So it's one tablet that's the dosage for thinning hair. And I even said the si said, you know, should I just move up to 10? Because the reason that I, I got off the 10 was because my BP dropped. Mhm. And I noticed when I got out of bed a couple of times when I was on the 10 mg, I, I felt like I was gonna pass out when I got out in the middle of the night. I'm one that also needs to learn to not jump out of bed like I did when I was [PHI-Personal]. You know, I need to consciously, like, get up, sit, get my bearings before I go. Um, case anyway. Uh, I, I've often thought maybe I should just start taking the 10. I'm supposed to see him in May. He wants to do a year left. I'm thinking of myself and my brother. You know, here we go. What am I gonna get into with that? How is that gonna affect me? Am I gonna have any form of incontinence? Uh He definitely wo I definitely would if he does a real, you know, prostatectomy, uh you know, my dad had that and he leaked for the rest of his life that would undo a lot of activities for me and I would not be a happy camper by the word diapers the rest of my life. I don't know that I would wanna be around [PHI-Personal]. Ok. That's my, that's my inner voice speaking. B because I've been such an active person for so long. It's just, you know, it's tough, it's depressing. It really is. But um, so as far as
Nurse: This, um since it's early in the month, let's do this, um I'll give you a call back, say middle of the month and we'll just see where you're at how you're doing with the um like you said that regurgitation that the increased heartburn we'll see. Um If anything else has changed, I wanna check on, you know, make sure you're still doing ok with your eye um and just check in again and then that way if it's something that we need to address or do further, I mean, like I said, you're doing all of the right steps or anything I would educate you on and as far as, um, you know, to try to help alleviate that or to make it, you know, better. Yeah. I
Patient: Mean, I know the right things to do with the, with, with the diet. It's tough for me to stay away from tomato sauce because there's a lot of the things I make. I also drink tomato juice every day. Yes. Like, or like V eight. I mean, it's one of my sources of vegetables, you know, I, because I don't eat a lot of beef and stuff like that. Um, I eat more fish and chicken than I do beef and, ok. Uh, you know, uh, it's just, you know, the way I, I mean,
Nurse: Like I said, it's just, uh, it's just a lot, you've got a lot. I mean, you had a lot going on since the last time I talked to you.
Patient: Well, my mom's, my mom's now crazy as the bed bug. I go in there. She's, she had the COVID, she came out of that alive, but probably twice as, as, uh, as much dementia as she had before. She's talking about animals running around the room. Fortunately, no monsters. It, it's all pleasant hallucinations thus far. Uh, they, they're, they're gonna, they brought in a mental health person to see her, uh, that individual is gonna tell me that they don't wanna put her on any psychotropic meds right now because it's apparently, and with somebody, her age it's apparently, uh, somehow related to earlier morbidity. So I think they wanna try to avoid it. She's not combative or anything. She's just silly. You know what I mean? The stuff that comes out of her mouth. I have to, you know, I have to keep them cracking up sometimes because you'll look at me and just see the wack of stuff, stuff. But, um, she sees my dad, you know, around walking around and stuff like that. She had a room full of chimps while I was talking to her the other day and she had one on her lap. She says, oh, [PHI-Personal], you should be here. This is the dearest little chimp and I'm like, I, the other on the phone. I'm like, oh my God. But, uh, that, you know, and it's not shocking to me. I mean, I was, I was, you know, I, I dealt with these folks when I was a social work so it's not a big deal but, you know, when it's your own mother and that's like, uh, you know, she's, she's fading. She's, she's definitely fading. She'll be [PHI-Personal] in, in, uh, [PHI-Personal]. So, that's incredible. Yeah. Yeah. Well, her, yeah, her, she, she came from a long lived a gang of people except for her own mother. Her own mother died at age, I think [PHI-Personal] of a massive heart attack. She was a brittle b, a diabetic back in the day, I mean, back in the sixties and, uh, I think he might have even been a juvenile diabetic, but none of the rest of the family ever ended up being diabetic. It's amazing. She was a terrible one she had, uh,
Nurse: Well, so, like I said, um, you, like, continue to keep doing what you're doing and then I put you down in my plan. I'm gonna call you back in two weeks and then that way I'm checking in kind of middle of the month. Um, and we'll just kind of see where things are going and, um, if we need to, you know, address anything further or if it's still becoming an issue or something, you know, now if something worsens or change before then, of course, you know, to call me. Um, but I've got you, my planner to call you in two weeks and then, um, I'll just check in and kind of see where we need to go from there.
Patient: Ok. All right, [PHI-Personal]. Thank you for your time.
Nurse: You're welcome. I'll talk to you in a couple of weeks. Ok? But if you need me to call in or something changes or worsens, call me anytime.
Patient: Well, wish for me that nothing else fails right now.
Nurse: Yeah. No, we're, we're on the up, we're gonna be positive we're on the upward, the weather is starting to get better. We're gonna go on the uphill. So yes, that's what we're hoping for, for sure. You have a great agent and I'll call you in a couple of weeks. Ok. Bye
Patient: Bye. Alright, thank you. Bye bye bye.
