Nurse: This is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you?
Patient: Returning your
Nurse: Call? Hi, [PHI-Personal]. Hold on, let me get in here. I was giving you a call. I was checking in to see how [PHI-Personal] was feeling. I know she got the Cipro sent in the other day um, for, for her urine. How's she doing?
Patient: So, so she, she's got still feeling it in the lower back.
Nurse: She's still feeling it in her lower back. Right? Let me bring up her chart here. Uh, yeah. So let's see. She got the Cipro on Monday. Was it?
Patient: This is only the third pill she took this morning? Ok. Four. I'm sorry.
Nurse: Fourth. Ok. So, um, yeah, so she's, she's still having it in her lower back. Any other symptoms or? All right. Um Is she let me, oh, sorry, my computer's really slow. Just bear with me here while I'm trying to get into her chart. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Here we go. All right. Yeah. So it looks like they sent her urine out for a culture to take a look at it. Um, to, to see if there's anything it hasn't come back yet. So we're still kind of waiting on that.
Patient: Um,
Nurse: Yeah, cultures take, take a little bit to come back because they have to wait for it to grow and everything. Um, is she having any side effects of the, the Cipro at all or? No? She seemed to be doing ok. She's doing ok. Yeah. So she's on her fourth dose. She takes it twice a day. It looks like, so it can take a good, you know, 40 24 to 48 hours for it to kick in and start working really well. So hopefully it'll start kicking in soon and, and help with that lower back. Is she doing anything else for it or? No? No? OK. Um And this is different like this isn't pain that she normally has. Correct. Right? OK. Perfect. I just wanted to check and see. Um Yeah, so I mean it, it can start working, it takes a couple days, obviously because, you know, it's gotta get into her system and start working in her system. It's not, you know, it's got to build up and everything. So she, you know, she hopefully will start feeling better soon um in like the next day or so hopefully. Um And then the other thing is we have to wait for the culture to come back cause then the culture will come back and let us know if the Cipro is even the best antibiotic for her infection that she has. If it's not, then we would have to switch it. So, um there's also that, you know, that we have to wait on as well. So, I mean, in the meantime, just make sure that she's taking the antibiotic as prescribed and that she's, you know, drinking a good amount of water to help with everything. Um And then going to the bathroom when, as soon as she feels the urge don't let her, you know, don't let it get too full or anything. Um Cause then that, that could help, that will help get more of the infection out. Cause if she's holding it in, then the urine with the infection is gonna stay in there a little bit longer and we kind of wanna get it out as soon as possible. Um And just, you know, kind of go from there and just keep an eye on her, but hopefully the culture will be back soon and we can find out if this medication is the right one for her to be on um to help knock out, you know, this infection that she's got going on. Um But she's not having any burning or anything when she urinates or any kind of odor or anything. No. OK, good. So hopefully this, you know, the Cipro will kick in a little bit more in the next day or so and she'll start feeling a bit better and then hopefully that culture comes back shortly and we can make sure she's on the right medicine. But again, like I said, in the meantime, just have her keep taking the medication as prescribed and just have, you know, have her drink plenty of water to help flush all the, you know, infection out as much as possible. I know it's hard for you because you have to help get her up and everything. Um, but we wanna try to get her, you know, feeling better too. So, um, I don't know if, if you tried taking any kind of Tylenol or anything to help with the back that might help too. She did. Ok.
Patient: Yeah she's surprised he did not on the 500 mg Cipro.
Nurse: Oh he gave her the 2 50. Yeah um I mean gave her the 2 50 twice a day so let's just kind of see how this goes obviously if it doesn't go away after she completes it she's gonna need to you know get a different antibiotic but we also have to wait again for the culture to come back because this might not even be the right one for it. Um hopefully it is but and hopefully it's just taking its time getting kicked in but yeah we'll we'll keep an eye on her if anything gets worse or anything just give us a call and let us know. Ok. Alright. Alright you have a good day. You too thank you. You're welcome bye.
