Nurse: Good afternoon. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. Hi, it's Lin calling.
Nurse: Hi, how are you? Oh,
Patient: Good, good, good, good. You try to get a hold of me, but I was doing a consult at, uh, the sleep center yesterday. Now I, now I go, the [PHI-Personal] is when I do my sleep study. Ok. Ok.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. And I was just, uh, just a couple of things that I wanted to go over with you and just wanted to see how, you know, how you've been doing. Um, did you have a good Christmas and New Years? Oh, yes.
Patient: Definitely. Good.
Nurse: Good, good, good. Um, well, [PHI-Personal], as far as, um, you know, the CCM program goes and everything wanted to verify. I still have your, um, mailing address as 26 05, East Hills Drive in Williamsport. Is that correct? Yes. Ok. Um, and I'd like to verify this information at the beginning of every year just to make sure that everything, you know, nothing had changed. Um, and then as far as insurance wise, have you had any, um, insurance changes from last year to this year? No, I haven't. Ok. Ok. Sounds good. And then, um, Gerin, it is also that time of year where we send out the, um, what we call the Wellness goals or the maintenance, um, health maintenance goals that actually has set up there for you at the office. And, um, you know, typically that in, you know, kind of includes your annual physical, um, any routine lab work, any routine immunizations that you get in any routine, um, testing that you, that you may be due for, um, any questions or anything that you know of that's, that's coming up, um, you know, coming up soon for, for goal wise. Uh, do you have your, um, wellness visit scheduled or physical, I guess for you? I
Patient: Do. Uh huh. Ok. Ok. I guess in [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Yeah. Ok. All right. Good deal. So, that's already done and out of getting that scheduled it looks like you've got, uh, lab work. Well, um, I'm showing you've got an appointment with [PHI-Personal] on the 21st of [PHI-Personal] and then, um, looks like lab work a week before that. So that'll be, that'll be perfect. Um, now do you, who do you follow outside of so special specialist wise? Do you follow with a cardiologist and a G I doctor currently,
Patient: Uh, a cardiologist doctor? See?
Nurse: Ok. Ok. All right. Sounds good. Yeah, I,
Patient: Well, I already did that. I do that every year. Oh, about a week or so ago.
Nurse: Yeah. Ok. So you just see them once a year at the beginning of the year typically. Yeah. Ok. Ok. Sounds good. Um, now [PHI-Personal], the only thing, um, that I'm letting people know too is that with these letters this year, um, we are putting, I guess what you would call a, um, target date next to all of the, uh, goals on each goal. There should be like a target date on there. Um, and that target date is not ii, I don't want you to think that, you know, that with that target date being on there, that that's specifically like when you have to have that goal completed by, um I put it on there just so that you can kind of see, you know, as opposed to. So like last year you had, let's say you had lab work or a flu vaccine in, in October. Um So for this year when I put it on there, when I, when it says flu vaccine and lab work, I might just put a, a date on there of, you know, 10 1 just so that, you know, that, that's, that's around the time that that labs will be due again or um you know, something like that just to kind of give patients more of uh idea of what they're, you know, what they're looking at. OK. OK. Um Any questions for me?
Patient: No, uh everything seems to be going OK. And so far so that's what I'm looking for, you know, everything be OK?
Nurse: Yes. Absolutely. That's good. We want, we want you to, to be feeling good and doing well and, um, for sure. Absolutely. That's, that's a good thing. Um, well, [PHI-Personal], if anything, you know, comes up or anything changes need anything from me, just give me a call. Ok, I
Patient: Will, [PHI-Personal]. Thank you so much
Nurse: And no problem. Have a good rest of your day. You too. Bye bye. Thank you. Bye bye.
