Nurse: Hi.
Patient: Hello. I knew you'd catch me. I walked outside for a second. Of course,
Nurse: How it works. Ok.
Patient: I got, uh, I'm gonna say, within the past two weeks I took the Metformin. Yeah. And I'm, I'm taking it twice a day. Well, I was having it where it seemed to be in the afternoons and this has happened pro probably close to four times now where it's dropped down to the sixties and [PHI-Personal]. Uh, so I sat here. Yeah. And so I turned around and started taking one of the Metformins before I, before my supper time and then for the evening. Ok. And every now everything seems to be running, uh, [PHI-Account], 2, 17. So I started taking the Metformin again back in the mornings when I would eat for my breakfast and stuff because prior to that, when we first started, that is clear. Back on [PHI-Personal], I started keeping your record there, uh, four or [PHI-Account] times a day before my meals. And right now my 30 day average and my 14 day average is running 1 60. Ok. But like I said, it was running. It was, it was 1 71 76 1 49 1 77 1 55 1 88 78 1 65 1 67 1 31 12, 1 41 1 [PHI-Personal] 7-Up. Until I changed and tried taking that Metformin in the evenings. Then everything went to 22 hundreds and the higher numbers. So I'm going back to taking the Metformin in the mornings.
Nurse: Ok. And how often are you getting into the sixties and [PHI-Personal]? Is it pretty regular?
Patient: Uh, let's see, I have, since I've started, I have [PHI-Account] [PHI-Personal]. Uh, there was [PHI-Account] and [PHI-Account]. Ok. But I've had, I've had basically four times now where it's been in the [PHI-Personal] or sixties. You know,
Nurse: Have you felt, um,
Patient: A little and it seems to be, I can do it in the morning and I'm fine. I eat my lunch and everything and I, and I'm doing something outside monkeying around whatever. And that's when I usually feel it.
Nurse: Right. And you get dizzy, light headed. Um, yes,
Patient: I, I can tell I can, I know that something's not right. I did that the other night just sitting here in the living room. I was watching television. My wife had supper ready. She said supper is ready. I turned around, I went to get up and it was like you get up real quick. You feel like whoa. And I walked back in the bedroom, got my thing out and checked it and it was [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Oh. So you do feel it in the [PHI-Personal] then? Because, you know, everybody's different. Some people will feel totally fine at [PHI-Personal]. Um, some people are feeling awful at [PHI-Personal]. Um, it's such a varying degrees of what?
Patient: Well, I, I found it at [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Really? Ok. Why you're on the sensitive side then? Because, you know, [PHI-Account] and [PHI-Account] is not low by any means. So some people are more sensitive to the lower numbers and they really can
Patient: Get, like I said, that is, that is the one where I sat here and got up to go eat supper and stuff like that. And that was at 4 40
Nurse: Maybe, splitting up the Metformin maybe. Instead of taking both in the morning, you do one in the morning and one in the evening and see if that keeps you from dropping down. I did that sixties or [PHI-Personal]. Oh, I thought you switched completely to taking both of them in the evening.
Patient: No, one in the morning. I take one in the morning and one later in the afternoon. And I'm gonna, but I'm gonna say that is back when everything started jumping up into the one nineties and two
Nurse: Hundreds. Ok. So then you went back to taking both of them in the morning.
Patient: I started today. Got
Nurse: It. Ok. I was confused by what you said, I thought you switched both of them.
Patient: You weren't. No, no, no, no, no. Just one. Just one of
Nurse: Them. Oh, ok. So you did try that? I thought because that would, that would be the best. All right. So that wasn't good because then you were in the two hundreds.
Patient: Yes, I have. I'm gonna basically say, uh, because I can go back here on [PHI-Account] at 7 a.m. It was 1 71. Um,
Nurse: And what time do you do your, um, insulin? What time of the day? First thing in the morning, in the morning? Ok. And your lower numbers are typically in the afternoon to late morning, like lunch
Patient: Time. Well, when I was taking both Metformin and everything, everything was in the one forties, one [PHI-Personal], one sixties, one forties, uh, 1 71 64. But I'm thinking since I changed that and went to the single pill. Mhm. One in the morning and one in later in the evening, everything has jumped up. Uh huh. Right. So I'm gonna go back, I'm ii I started this morning, going back to both of them. Mhm.
Nurse: Ok. So you do seem to, and this is all fairly new and I think your body is really just trying to adjust and figure out, you know what the heck to do because now you, you've got this insulin going on which is new. Your body is not used to getting this. Right.
Patient: This is the first, I mean, we've ever done it in years.
Nurse: Exactly. So, I'm thinking that, you know, and hopefully that's the case, the things your body kind of starts to figure out what's going on and you aren't seeing the ups and downs as much because the [PHI-Personal] you said was before dinner. So that was in the evening that you were feeling kind of woozy and you had the symptoms of hypoglycemia and that's when it's low and typically [PHI-Personal] is kind of the number we look at in the medical field, like if you're below [PHI-Personal] that's concerning, you need to get food or sugar in you. Um, but for you, you feel it in the mid [PHI-Personal], you know, you may, you feel it all the way up to even sometimes [PHI-Account] and [PHI-Account]. Now, are you [PHI-Account] and [PHI-Account]? Are you always standing or, um, does this feeling kind of can come on?
Patient: Just when I, well, when I sat in the chair here and everything else and she said about the suppers when I went to get up and it's like, like I said, I felt like I jumped up too quick. Uh huh. I don't know if you feel
Nurse: Like you, we're not thinking like this is a BP related feeling because when you go from, you know, sitting to standing and you feel it, then I wonder if there's a component in there with BP being you know it drops, but you're not on a lot of BP medication. You have the Lisinopril, but it's only a five mg. Is that right? Is that, that's what we have here in the computer? Ok. And, and that, that's it. I mean, I don't see anything else on here that would cause you to have that BP. Well,
Patient: I'm gonna, I wanna venture to say that there possibly might be because I had, I laid on the floor here in front of the fan blowing on me and everything else. My heart was just pounding out of my chest. Hm. I mean, I can feel that thing be in every part of my body.
Nurse: Really? Yeah. And that was maybe we're only in this
Patient: [PHI-Account] and [PHI-Account].
Nurse: It was at, that was at [PHI-Account] and
Patient: 303 or, or I'm gonna say the low end of, of what?
Nurse: It's just odd because, uh, that is not such a low number that I feel like you would be. Were you sweaty? Were you kind of, I,
Patient: Like I said, I laid in front of the fan because I
Nurse: Was hot. Yeah, you were, you were sweaty? Ok. And hot. Ok. Um, did you feel like really sleepy, like lethargic, kind of like tired, things like that?
Patient: No, not really. No. No, I just so it was, I was concerned why my wife was beating so goddamn hard.
Nurse: Yeah. And you, do you have a BP machine at your house.
Patient: I do. It don't work no more. I did have one.
Nurse: Ok. I, I'm curious if this is not just blood sugar
Patient: Every time you had this
Nurse: Right. I'm looking at it here um, earlier this month when you went in 1 38/82 and your pulse was 60 which is good. Um What did you ever have these symptoms where you felt like the pounding, the palpitations? Really is what you're describing
Patient: Prior,
Nurse: Prior to being on insulin or, or the Metformin and all? Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Is it happening more frequently? Do you feel like now or not?
Patient: Really? It's just like I, I just was concerned why it was pounding like that. Right? I just, I mean, yes, I've had it before
Nurse: I can bring that on. I just, that doesn't seem to be the cause of it. I'm really starting to wonder more if it was more of a, I think you should get um, another BP machine. Um, do you use [PHI-Personal] by any chance? Do you order from that or? No, I was just gonna say because that's easy. You don't have to go out to the store and shop around. Um, I would not do the wrist. I'm not a fan of the wrist cuff. They sell the upper arm cuffs, they sell the wrist cuffs and I, I had the upper arm. Ok. I, they're more accurate than the wrist cuffs. But what I like, you know is it's not just gonna check your BP, it's gonna check your pulse and I'm more worried that that would be a cardiac issues than a low blood sugar issue. Now, if this was happening and it, it was, you were [PHI-Personal] something I would say, ok. Yeah, let's, let's say it's that but [PHI-Personal], I just, I don't feel like it would be causing that. Um, this is, my head is sweating and I'm feeling, you know, sweaty and stuff. Those, yes, absolutely. Those are signs that your blood sugar is low. Um, but like you said, you checked it and it was [PHI-Personal],
Patient: So [PHI-Personal] at 4:40 p.m. yesterday. Uh, oh, this
Nurse: Happened yesterday. Ok. Yes. Ok. Um, yeah. Has it happened again or like let's say when was the last time you had a, a situation where you felt this like kind of sweaty, um, hot and your heart was beating out of your chest? Oh
Patient: My God. It's been quite a while.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: I just, like I said, I'm just throwing that in there because it did
Nurse: Happen. You are. Yeah. No, I'm glad you are and I,
Patient: I think, but I mean, over, over, over, you know, the past year, maybe two times something like that. But still i it's just, I was wondering why times
Nurse: Prior to this one. Yeah, give or take. Yeah. Ok.
Patient: It's not monthly or anything. Like that? No. Ok.
Nurse: And did you have a headache? Did you have anything like that accompanying it? Nope.
Patient: Nope. Nope. Just as quick as it started and, and did you feel short of breath? Said it calmed down and it goes away?
Nurse: Ok. And you didn't feel short of breath? No,
Patient: Just, just lay there in front of the fan, cool, cooling off and then it's like really throbbing, you know, it's like, wow,
Nurse: I'm wondering if you went into, you know, like a little bit of, uh, uh, Tachycardia, which is when your heart starts to race. Um, V tach is usually what it is like an SVT. When, when was the last time? Have you ever been to a cardiologist specifically or not? Really? Is it mostly just managed over at, with [PHI-Personal]? Because I,
Patient: That was just, uh, yeah, that was just with Chris and stuff like that. Oh, my God. It was, it was so long ago that I did actually go down to, uh, picked up by the hospital and did, and then did a heart thing where you did the walking on the treadmill and then they checked you and stuff. I've done that. Yeah, I've done that but that was years and years ago,
Nurse: Like, 10, 10 years ago. Yeah. Ok. It was a really, really long time ago. Ok. I, I'm, I'm gonna just put, I think you should have another one done. I think we should figure out or even do, um, they have these things called a Holter, which is, um, and they're, you know, they're not fun. You, you have to wear it for a month. A lot of times it's a 30 day thing. They put this little sticker thing on your chest and is your, it's an EKG, so it's checking your heart rate and the rhythm and it, it hold on to all that information and it's always checking you for 30 days and then they go through and they review and see the problem is that this is only happening a few times a year.
Patient: Yeah, it's not looking right. If it
Nurse: Doesn't happen over the course of 30 days, they, they're not gonna be able to get that, you know, it would have to be, um, it would have to happen in that 30 day time that you're having these, this episode, which it sounds like that may not happen if it's only happening a few times a year. Yeah, but I feel like it's more of a heart thing. So I will pass along the information because I do think that Doctor o'neil should just be aware of it. Sure. Um, I
Patient: Usually tell him about everything but
Nurse: Ok. Yeah. And I'll let him know just, I don't think that there's anything that maybe will be done at this time. I think he may want you to see a cardiologist, but if they do that monitor, that's not like I said, not necessarily going to
Patient: Show now, could that could be considered like a panic attack maybe?
Nurse: Did you feel anxious when this was going on? Did you feel? Um, no, I
Patient: Sent a chair. It was just, like, kind of stupid. But, yeah. Do I get myself worked up into it
Nurse: That I, I don't know. Did, do you think you did, did you, what was going on?
Patient: I, I do it. I don't think so. But
Nurse: What were you doing prior? Like what were you sitting on the chair watching a show
Patient: TV? Yeah. And like I said, she said about, she said about supper was ready and I went to get up and, and I thought, man, I just don't feel right and went back and checked and it was [PHI-Personal]. Mm uh like the other day there when I checked that one and that was cleared down to [PHI-Personal]
Nurse: Right? With that. And that, that again was, you didn't have the palpitations with that one? That one you felt dizzy? You felt lightheaded, very shaky. Ok. So then that one I do think was a low, the low blood sugar causing that one because that would uh that makes sense. But the [PHI-Personal] with the same. So the [PHI-Personal] you felt the, that was when you were having the, the palpitations I'm gonna call them palpitation. That's what you're describing to me. That's what it sounds like. Ok. Um Like I said
Patient: I'll just say something to him. Yeah. But I'm definitely,
Nurse: If it starts happening on a more frequent, if this happens again. Um, call me, I think you need to go and get your heart checked.
Patient: But II I marked on my paper here basically when I think that I started taking one and I'm gonna say it was a little over maybe about, it's about a week now, but I'm gonna go back to taking both of the Metformin in the morning and stuff because my numbers are, my numbers were in the
Nurse: Sixties. Yeah. So, obviously I don't want you in the sixties and I don't want you in the two hundreds. Um, you're kind of needing to be in between there. Uh, I thought it was wise of you to try splitting that up to one in the morning and one in the evening just to see if that helped with those work. But it didn't work. It did. Exactly. It didn't work and I wonder how much your body is just really trying to regulate, um, dealing with the new insulin that you're putting in it and it's just trying to figure out, like, adjust to it, you know? And hopefully
Patient: Because this is just the first pen. Yeah, it's not even, it's, it's been just, just almost a month, not quite a month yet because I started, I started keeping track of it on [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Mhm. Right. And you are, you're writing down these numbers and keep everything
Patient: Is written down.
Nurse: Perfect, good deal. If you happen to experience any more, I want you to write down when you feel that shaky feeling, write it down next to the number or even just put like next to it or Yeah. So like, exactly. So we can see how many times you've had these episodes and what your number was at when you felt them. And of course, if you ever feel these palpitations again, um, I wanna know about it and we can, I think get you in to see the cardiologist is what I think probably I
Patient: Got, I have [PHI-Personal] uh [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal] and then the [PHI-Personal]. So the, the lowest is [PHI-Personal]
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Honestly, those aren't bad numbers. I, I uh [PHI-Personal] is great. If you could always be around [PHI-Personal] that would be um splendid because that's where we would want, that would be no dia there's no diabetes with that. Um, once you get over like the one twenties then you're starting to look at. Ok, then you're diabetic if you can really keep it [PHI-Personal] to [PHI-Account] I mean, that's ideal, but it's also, that's, that's might not be attainable. Like that's a, that's a hard ask. So if we can get you there. Awesome. Um If you feel shaky at [PHI-Personal] do some food, um I don't want you to have to wait it out typically. We don't treat until you drop below [PHI-Personal]. But if you feel it at [PHI-Personal] I want you to do something about it. I would, well,
Patient: It was [PHI-Account] and 303 is when I said II, I just said, boy, I don't feel
Nurse: Right heart. I think that was your heart. I don't think it was blood sugar and that's why I think you should get a BP machine. just hop on [PHI-Personal]. Um You wanna make sure, don't fancy one, I'll check yours out first and if it maybe just needs new batteries or something, but um I would like you to have one on hand, especially after that episode and then we can monitor. Is it your, is your pulse skyrocketing? What's your BP at when this is happening? And hopefully it is not happening here for months or whatever, but I'm gonna just let him know I, I would just like him to be aware and, and we can keep an eye on that. I want you to let me know if it happens again. Um I don't think you brought it on if you know you were just sitting watching a show, but like I
Patient: Said, I'm, I'm definitely going back to both of both of the Metformin and stuff.
Nurse: Yep. And then just keep monitoring the way you have been
Patient: You're doing. Do you think maybe take both of them later in the afternoon maybe?
Nurse: Um Yeah. Uh you could try that. You can, you can adjust that and since you're doing the, you do the insulin in the morning. Yeah, you're doing everything at once. So, maybe doing the Metformin a little later in the day. Is it something you could try doing? Ok.
Patient: I'll mark that on here and then I'll start that tomorrow.
Nurse: You know,
Patient: Because I already took them
Nurse: Today. Yeah. Start it tomorrow. We won't know until you try. So, if that,
Patient: Well, I wanted to call you.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. It's kind of a trial and error thing with this and you're figuring it out yourself too. But, yeah, try them later in the day and see how your blood sugars respond to that. Maybe that's the key. Maybe that will bring you down,
Patient: Bring that back down because you're
Nurse: Feeling shaky.
Patient: Yeah, because like I said, I'm pretty sure it was back on the 27th is when I started taking one in the morning and one in the afternoon. Mhm. And everything started going up again, right? And, you know, like I said, one nineties, two hundreds and that stuff ain't no good there. That's not good. So I'll take, I'll go back to taking him in the afternoon because I was in the one [PHI-Personal] with both of them in the morning. So we'll try him with the two in the afternoon.
Nurse: Yeah, that's a good plan and just keep jotting down these numbers. You're doing a great job. And if you feel [PHI-Personal], you feel anything? Uh, give me a call. That's what I'm here
Patient: For. So I went and bought, uh, I bought a, a six pack or eight pack a minute. Me orange juice and, and got my, and got them tablets and table. Yeah, my wife got me two packs of candy bars.
Nurse: Darn it. You're probably hoping that you gotta eat these things.
Patient: Right. Oh,
Nurse: I better eat.
Patient: She come home with a box of honey buns it's like oh my God. Oh no it's like gangling a car in front of
Nurse: A nice at all that like I
Patient: Said that's no yeah bring it home and then set it on the counter
Nurse: Mean that's cruel.
Patient: Alright. Alright you
Nurse: Yeah no you're not a bother good luck with everything uh call me if you need to I don't mind at all. Ok. Alright. Alright bye.
