Nurse: This is speaking. How may I help you?
Patient: Yes, this is [PHI-Personal] Locker. I'm sorry, I didn't answer. I was just got home from getting groceries and I was coming in and out and in and out with my groceries. So anyway, I'm calling you back to let you know everything is fine. I'm doing ok. Uh, III I guess I'm doing ok. Ok.
Nurse: Hold on, hold on, hold on one second. Let me just pull your, um, chart up really quick. Ok. Ok. All right. So, um, you haven't had like, any changes or anything since we spoke last?
Patient: No, I had, I went to my doctors, I had a UT I, uh, they gave me medicine that didn't work because it was, they treated me for one bacteria, I guess. And I had something different anyway, they gave me new pills and I, I've taken it and it's good. It's gone. So I'm doing ok.
Nurse: Ok. That's good. Yeah, because I was looking, you know, I was looking through and I saw that you had that appointment. So I just wanted, I did wanna check on that and make sure that you were feeling better. Um, you know, that, that your symptoms and everything have resolved from that. So, which one did they give you? They gave you Macrobid and that one didn't work and then they gave you something else.
Patient: They gave me, it, it, it, it, it, it was a whole bunch of different letters.
Nurse: Mhm. Oh, ok.
Patient: Z and then some dash and then something else because, uh, when I looked at, I thought I can't even read this. I can't read half of the stuff they give me anyway. So, but that's what it was. And they were, they were big pills, big white pills. Hard to. But anyway that, um, and everything's fine. I, I'm doing ok with that. Uh, and I'm just getting myself around for Christmas and everything and, and I'm feeling, I'm feeling fine. Yeah. But that's all gone. Well, that's
Nurse: Good. Ok. Yeah. So, I mean, you know, and then just make sure that you're still just drinking plenty of water. Um, because, you know, helps dilute your urine. Yeah. And flush out that bacteria. If you like cranberry juice, sometimes that's a good thing to, to kind of prevent it
Patient: From happening. I, I don't like cranberry juice but I, I buy the cranberry juice with great. I don't know. I don't know. It probably doesn't help but that's what I buy I
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. Yeah, I don't think so. I think that they say it has to be like 100% cranberry juice or something like that. Or you, you know, they even have like the little, uh, vitamins, like the little tablets you can buy too, um, if you want to, you know, no big deal.
Patient: Wait, wait a minute on TV. There's something that comes out. It's a girl that says I keep getting these UTIs every H, and I thought, lady, I get it more than you do and, but I think UTO something and I thought, I wonder if this is helping but it's, it's, you mix it up with water and you stir it and it turns pink and you [PHI-Personal] that. And I thought, well, yeah, I, to check with that, but I haven't seen the commercial in a while, so I don't remember exactly what the, what the, what the medicine is that they're, that they're taking. Um, I do see about that.
Nurse: Yeah, if you say it again, just write the name down really quick and then when we talk next month we can kind of go over it and see if it'll be a good option for you, you know. Um, yeah. And so, yeah, and then make sure that was also when you're going to the bathroom. I know. I'm sure you already know, but just make sure you're wiping from, um, front to back. You don't wanna, you know, the opposite way. Uh,
Patient: Iiii I try to do that but I, I always, but what I do is, mhm. Well, it's not nice to say over the phone but I use paper in front and then I wipe, I, I, every now and then I must just go buy the paper or something because, but I, I don't know if that's what it was or not. But anyway,
Nurse: Yeah, some, I mean, it's, it's so easy, it's so easy to, um, for the bacteria to get there and, you know, call the, the infection and everything. So all you can do is really try to just do what you can just when you go to the bathroom try to remember if you can't like reach that way you can always push it from the front to the back, but as long as you're not just bringing anything from the back forward. Um yeah, yeah. Ok. You haven't had like any falls or any er visits or anything like that?
Patient: No.
Nurse: Ok. All right. And then as far as medication, do you need any refills on anything right
Patient: Now? Uh no, I'm ok. I have everything they, in fact they sent me two bottles of something that I just need right away but I mean I've got plenty now so and, and I just got my uh Xarelto again so no I'm good. So after Christmas. Ok. Alright that's
Nurse: Good good. Ok. Alrighty, so I will go ahead and I will update it here that we spoke um and then if you need anything before you know our next phone call or your office visit, you can just feel free to give me a call back because I see you don't have a appointment until [PHI-Personal]. Yeah, [PHI-Personal] 13th is your next appointment in office. So yeah, if you need anything, you know, just feel free to give me a call. Ok.
Patient: Alright. Ok,
Nurse: Thank you. Alrighty, you're welcome. Have a good
Patient: Day. You too. [PHI-Personal] Christmas.
Nurse: Merry Christmas. Ok, bye bye bye.
