Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. How may I help you?
Patient: Oh, hello. Hello. Is this [PHI-Personal]?
Nurse: Oh, hi, [PHI-Personal]. Hi. You're not be, this
Patient: Is, uh, this is [PHI-Personal]. [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: How you doing?
Patient: Good. Well, you're used to calling people. You're not really used to getting calls.
Nurse: No, I'm used to calling you. Huh?
Patient: Well, I can't get through to doctor s office. And you said I having any questions to give you a call? Yeah, definitely. What's up? We're still in [PHI-Geographic] and two days ago I had to go re establish a relationship with a doctor down here just when we got so sick, we decided it was a good idea. So I went in and they annual check up just like Doctor [PHI-Personal] and they done blood tests and they find that my, uh, liver function test is slightly above normal, which mine usually is because I have [PHI-Personal] disease. Um, and the, the nurse practitioner called me and wanted me to come in for an ultrasound and, and I said, hey, I'm going home in a week and a half, uh, fax these things up to Doctor [PHI-Personal] and they faxed me a copy and they claim they faxed a copy to Doctor [PHI-Personal]. But I wanna make sure he got it because they also claimed that they obtained the records from my physical, I had with Doctor [PHI-Personal] in, like, uh, [PHI-Personal] whenever it was and they didn't have them to compare. But, um, you know, and I
Nurse: Don't know, they did, they did fax your lab results. Is that what? You're?
Patient: Yes. Can you see it right there? Yes. Mhm.
Nurse: I don't see an ultrasound though.
Patient: No, no, they wanted to do all of this stuff because, uh I'm looking at this, uh, I, where it says is that the thing you're concerned about, um, let me see. A K Phos [PHI-Account] 30
Nurse: If they're abnormal, they're probably concerned about it. Um, but so they wanted to order you an ultrasound of your liver.
Patient: Yes. And all this. And I've been through this before because mine is slightly elevated due to [PHI-Personal] disease. I, when I first went to doctor [PHI-Personal], he even got a medical book out and showed it to me. But I just wanna, so I wanted to make sure you got that and if there's anything important we'll be home in two weeks. So I assume they would contact me. Ok,
Nurse: Let me, let me reach out to [PHI-Personal] and see they might want you to be seen sooner when you come back. Now, when are you supposed to be seen when you come back? Not until [PHI-Personal]? Ok.
Patient: Not until, yeah, [PHI-Personal]? But I think that you'll find that this is pretty much normal because I mean, I just had my work up just before we left for [PHI-Geographic].
Nurse: Ok, I'll see if doctor wanted or I'll see if they want you to come in for a new appointment or for their blood work or what they wanna do. Um,
Patient: We, we'll be home in three weeks but I actually don't think I'm going to die in three weeks,
Nurse: Coming home in three weeks. Um, patient is [PHI-Personal]
Patient: Sure if it was anything but that I would be questioning. But I've been told that before. Actually, that's how I started going to doctor. Doctor was all upset about this. So I went to doctor, well, he's a neighbor and also he's an internist and he looks so your liver, your Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. So you've had abnormal liver, um test before?
Patient: Yes, for like 20 years. And Doxy [PHI-Personal] even got all the medical book and showed me and the person with [PHI-Personal] disease is going to have a slightly elevated. I forgot what the word is, but I'm sure it's this and I know I'm quite sure it was to do with liver because I'm, I'm to the liver because my mother died of liver disease. Mhm. Hers resulted from a car accident. She got her intestines bruised by a seatbelt and they gave her a bunch of Chaz and she immediately turned all jaundice and it was downhill like that. And she died in five years. So when they mentioned liver, I immediately wanted a second opinion and that's how I started with doctor [PHI-Personal]. And that's got to be 20 years or better by now.
Nurse: Ok. Um,
Patient: Ok. But I don't, I don't trust these people but they did send it. So that's good.
Nurse: Ok. So you've had abnormal labs for the liver due to your [PHI-Personal] disease in the past?
Patient: Yes.
Nurse: Ok. But you wanna know if they wanna order anything or see you sooner, right?
Patient: If, if they see anything on this, it's alarming because he's gonna have my, well, you guys are gonna have my reports forever, you know,
Nurse: And if PC P CS and he sees, you know, earlier at Doctor [PHI-Personal] office office as he has a scheduled appointment for [PHI-Personal], right? And you don't wanna,
Patient: Yeah, I don't know when it is exactly because, uh, you know, we're in [PHI-Geographic]. It would be on my calendar at home, but I'm sure you've, uh, you've got it.
Nurse: Ok. So I'll ask if, wonder if he, you should be seen earlier at Doctor [PHI-Personal] office as, um, you have a scheduled appointment for [PHI-Personal] and you also wanna know if doctor see, sees anything alarming on these labs, right? Yes.
Patient: Yes.
Nurse: Scheduled appointment for [PHI-Personal] uh, appointment, but not until [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Um, also also asking, ok, Doctor [PHI-Personal], anything, anything about? Ok. And I'll attach it's, uh, abdominal, they're calling it. I mean, you had a lot of labs done. Right.
Patient: Yeah. Well, the, the only thing they faxed me was [PHI-Personal] with four on it. But yes, they done a complete lab work up and then they done the second [PHI-Personal] when I had my appointment and I guess it, it come out the same, uh. Mhm.
Nurse: Let's ask him and see what he says. I mean, I, I'm just gonna, it looks like they did send all of them to him. Um,
Patient: Oh, go God. Because they only sent me the [PHI-Personal] page that I'm assuming that's the page they're concerned about.
Nurse: Ok. Well, see, let's see. Let's see. And ok. Ok, let's see what he says. So. All right. Ok. All right. What else is going on?
Patient: Oh, not much. Weather is beautiful down here now.
Nurse: Yeah. Um, what did you do? What have you been doing anything or?
Patient: Oh, we go to the car shows. We, uh, I said we've had our boat out a couple of times. We, uh, ride the motorcycle a lot, you know. You know, of course it's pretty much summer time down here all the time.
Nurse: 00, you're lucky when you come back it'll probably be nice too. And your anniversary is at the end of [PHI-Personal], isn't it?
Patient: Yes. [PHI-Personal] 20.
Nurse: I always remember that
Patient: We're coming back on the [PHI-Personal] simply because uh, we want to be home for our anniversary because it's our youngest daughter's uh [PHI-Personal] anniversary. Uh, their their anniversary is the [PHI-Personal] of [PHI-Personal] and ours is the [PHI-Personal]. So, you know, we kind of messed up on our 50th because of all the COVID stuff. So we're all going to go out to a nice, uh, nice restaurant with my granddaughter and just the [PHI-Personal] of us celebrate because in [PHI-Geographic] you still can't have anything like a party or anything like that.
Nurse: Oh, really? Yeah, I know.
Patient: It's not like that in [PHI-Geographic]. [PHI-Geographic] is completely open for business. It's, it's
Nurse: Completely open for business down there.
Patient: Right. It has been, ever since, uh, I guess it was about six months of shut down down here and they got right back to normal. It's been normal the last two winters down here. No [PHI-Personal] wears a mask. The kids went to school. Right. Steady down here and they never had to wear masks or anything. And there aren't people dying in the street down here either, you know? So last I know [PHI-Geographic] has still got the mask mandate. Do they up there? Yeah, they were gonna end it and then they didn't, uh, they may have ended it this month. I don't know. But the kids were still all wearing masks in schools. Really? Yeah, I take it they're not in Pennsylvania.
Nurse: No, not anymore. No. Oh,
Patient: Well, when I went to the doctor yesterday or, uh, this week nobody's wearing a mask in the doctor's offices either. Really? Oh, I was surprised at that.
Nurse: I'm surprised too because they are all wearing them. Like, I mean, around here they're wearing the mask. Like, I mean, in the, uh, in the doctor's office they are.
Patient: Yes, they were at doctor when we went there and I, I think I was in there like, uh, [PHI-Personal] or [PHI-Personal]. I can't remember.
Nurse: Yeah. I'm surprised that,
Patient: But we went to a dermatologist last week, um, and they weren't wearing masks there either. Some of the, some of the, uh, providers weren't but most of the girls in the office weren't. And the doctor that came in to see me wasn't wearing a mask and 90% of the patients weren't. And then really, uh, when we went to the doctors, yester or, uh, the day before yesterday. Mhm. We had our mask and we looked and all the other people were sitting there didn't have a mask on
Nurse: The,
Patient: The nurse. I see the nurse practitioner and she wasn't wearing her mask either. Yeah. And of course, I like ICU and I wasn't the doctor where I was, you know,
Nurse: But you're feeling pretty good too.
Patient: We, we've had a pretty good winter.
Nurse: Good, good. And, um, you are still just on two medicines, right. The calcium and vitamin D? Yeah. Ok. So that hasn't changed.
Patient: And, oh, a nurse practitioner, I think, thought it would be a good idea if I started taking, uh, vitamin B. Uh, I take a few vitamins. So.
Nurse: Oh, vitamin B, ok. What she say that would help with,
Patient: Uh, she, I forgot what she said.
Nurse: Oh, but you're on it now?
Patient: Yeah, I decided to take it. We just picked some up in the drug store, I think. B complex. Uh, yeah. Super B complex. Super B,
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: So, I think, uh, I think, uh, calcium and I'm, I'm taking that, I mean, she suggested, I don't, I don't think you're gonna kill yourself taking vitamins. So, you know.
Nurse: Yeah. So you're just taking that, what, once a day now? Yeah.
Patient: Yeah. Well, I just started it today because she suggested it, you know. Yeah, I wasn't, I wasn't going to ignore her advice although I'm skeptical on the, you know, but in fairness to this girl, she didn't have the lab reports from Doctor [PHI-Personal] and I personally hand carried the forms down to them in [PHI-Personal]. So they would have them for our appointment and they didn't have em. I don't think they ever asked for them. They said, oh, it must be. Doctor [PHI-Personal] didn't send, didn't send them to us. And I said, well, because that's the second time when [PHI-Personal] was so sick last year when they sent, referred us to the internist and we got over there, he didn't have any reports from those people either. He didn't know why we were there. And of course, [PHI-Personal] was fine by then. Well, they don't fill me with bubbling confidence down here. Hm.
Nurse: Yes. Um, [PHI-Personal], since they want us to be doing a depression screening on everyone. So, can I just ask you a couple questions? Ok. I'll have to do [PHI-Personal] on depth too. Um, they want us to do this yearly on everyone. Um, you probably do this once in the office also. Um, over the last two weeks, how often have you been bothered by any of the following problems? Um, and the answer is not at all, several days, more than half days or nearly every day. Ok. Um, little interest or pleasure in doing things. Any issue with that.
Patient: No, not
Nurse: At all. Ok. Feeling down depressed or hopeless. Ok. Do you have any trouble sleeping or sleeping too much or
Patient: Sometimes simply because of allergy season down here? And we have sinus headaches and, uh, but no, we don't normally have trouble sleeping.
Nurse: So, ok. And you're not sleeping too much or anything? No. Ok. Um, how about feeling tired or having little energy?
Patient: No, no.
Nurse: Good, good. It's good to keep active. Um, how about poor appetite or overeating?
Patient: No?
Nurse: Ok. Um, how about moving so slowly that other people could have noticed they're the opposite being so fidgety. Um, or restless at people could have noticed or moving around more than usual.
Patient: No.
Nurse: Ok. Any trouble on, like reading the paper or watching TV, concentrating on things.
Patient: No, no, no trouble. I reading the paper, trouble watching TV. When the national news comes on. I shut it off. But aside from that,
Nurse: How about that, that you'd be better off dead or, of hurting yourself?
Patient: No, I don't have any thoughts like
Nurse: That. Ok. Um, and any trouble doing your work at home, taking care of things, um, or getting along with other people. Ok, you've completed and that was a negative. So that's a good thing. Um, two. And you saw the dermatologist, you said any new orders there or any changes with your skin?
Patient: She burned a couple spots off the top of my, or actually she burned a couple spots off. We, we get that about once a year from them.
Nurse: It's good to get that skin checked though and still use your sunscreen and everything outside.
Patient: Well, somewhat.
Nurse: Um, are you outside a lot?
Patient: Oh, quite a bit.
Nurse: Are you? Ok. And I did send that to doctor. So I'll let you know when, when they, when [PHI-Personal] gets back to me. Ok.
Patient: Oh,
Nurse: Yeah. Is she
Patient: There? Right?
Nurse: Ok. Thank you. And I'll let you know what she says. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Good. Uh, she got to talk to you. She was gonna be
Nurse: Hi. Hi, Deb. How are you? I am doing good. How are you? I'm good. You enjoy in Florida? Yes, we are. That's wonderful. We're in, we're in today because it's raining pretty good. You probably need the rain down there. Right? Yeah. Yeah, we know a big rain was coming through so sporadically, you know, first it rains and then it stops so it's almost dried off and then it rains again. Um, so what have you been up to? Oh, just uttering about here. Planting, taking care of my lawns. And how's the flowers look down there? Well, they're beginning to come out because we got touched by the frost. But they, uh, they're beginning to come out real good but I've got flowers planted and they're doing real good. Um So uh I put some in a big pot, a big barrel around. I put in yesterday before the rain. Oh, did you? So the I was gonna say you probably won't be there to see him. Yeah, but my neighbors tell me they're beautiful. So, do you keep in touch with them when you come back here? Yeah. Yeah, we do. Especially Libby, our, our, the lady I walk with, she's 99 years old and uh how is her health? Pretty good. Real good, real good. She just went and had some uh of that uh famous, is it famous cell uh skin cancer off her nose? Oh, basal cell carcinoma. Ok. So she's doing OK. Yeah, she's doing real good. She was going to get her stitches out. Hopefully he faster than they did the that took a long time to, to heal. Yeah, they go deep with the biopsy sometimes. You know how you doing with your medications and everything. I'm doing real good with my medication. Ok. So nothing was that time for last time week? That's good. We're happy to do that. Um, and you, uh, are you still re, how's your, oh, you had your follow up for your hip, right? You said? Yeah, they came out real good. Wants to see me again in, uh, two years, I guess. Oh, ok. That's, that's a good thing. Anyway, keep an eye on it that way you can see if there's gonna be any trouble with the second half, you know. Mhm. Are you ever gonna get the other hip done, or? You haven't had any issue with that? I haven't had any issues with it, you know, he likes to keep track of that because of. So, so when one hip is done a lot of times the second hip is in trouble, you know? Mhm. They say, I don't know. Well, hopefully not. You're walking around pretty well. I'm walking two miles every day. Two miles. That's nice. That's really good for you. I'm trying to walk every day too. She says I start out. I don't know if I really feel like walking by, get about a half a block away from home. She's in the, she's in school, she's ready to walk, you know. That's good. It takes, yeah. Sometimes you just got to encourage yourself to do it, you know. Yeah. Yeah. But she's 99 years old. So I want to. Oh, yeah. Know, she probably gets tired easily. Yeah. But she says that she invigorates her and she gets her morning chores all done and then she can lay and nap and watch TV, read whatever she wants to do in the afternoon. Oh, that's good for her. She likes to go play bingo every once in a while. So, that's good. She's back to doing that. She is, yeah, she goes with other neighbors that like to go. Oh, that go and play. She, yeah, she drives all over. Does she still good for her? She's shopping. She visits people and stuff. Yeah. And you said you, she runs a chain saw, came down a while back maybe about three weeks ago and, and she couldn't move it. So she got her chainsaw out and bust it up. Did she really? Yes. And then she didn't know how to get rid of it. She didn't know where to go, the wood, you know? And we, she had so much stuff down. So we were with our utility trailer and tractor down there. Started picking up in Texas who cut up this one. She sign it my jeans. Oh, my God. Good for her. Yeah. She says there times when she just don't feel like doing it, I says, then don't do it, you know? Yeah, just, or hire someone to do it for her for, oh, does she, um, how did you make out with the dermatologist? Uh, real good. Real good. She's, uh, she heard some spots on my, uh, right hand side of my face. Uh, three spots with the, um, what is it? Freezing stuff? Can't think of it. What's it called? Nitrogen? The, I think it's called cry therapy. She, I had a few places where the skin was crusty, you know, and it, and every time I wash and put, uh, lotion on it and everything, it doesn't seem to go away. Where did you have that at? Uh, it's a dermatologist. Oh, no. Like where, what, where was it on my face? Just under a little bit inside my ear, on my cheek? Oh, ok. And it's all healed now, or? Yeah, pretty much. It's, it's in the scab form pretty much, you know? Ok. So they're healing good, still feels like that. Ok. I hope it goes away. It's dark spots right now. Yeah, that's the way they usually look. But if it gets worse or it doesn't improve makes you call them, you know, um, as part of the, the CCM program, they like us to do a depression screening. Can I ask you a couple questions on everyone? Ok. Over the last two weeks, how often have you been bothered by any of the following problems? Um, and the answers are not at all, several days, more than half days or nearly every day. Um, I, you probably do one of these in the office also. Um, do you have any little interest or pleasure in doing things at all. We have little pleasure in interest or pleasure in doing things. Like, are you, do you enjoy doing things like? Yeah. Like reading and puzzle books and things like that? Yeah. Yeah. Working outside. Yeah, I do that all the time. I like that. You like that? Ok. Um, any thoughts of feeling down depressed or hopeless? No. No. Ok. Um, any sleeping issues. Are you sleeping too much or? No, I'm not. Actually I get up in the middle of the night and wander around a little bit and, uh, stay up a half an hour or so. Then I go back to bed and that's pretty much your normal. Yeah. Ok. Poor appetite or overeating. Oh, I, I would say maybe I overeat a little bit. Ok. Like every day or occasionally or several days, more than half days or nearly every day. Oh, no, not every day, you know, off and on. So, it's like, kind of like several. Like, has that been, uh, has that, have you been bothered by that over the last two weeks at all, or? Mm. Oh, I don't know. It, it hasn't just started. It's just, it's always the way I am. That's always the way you're ok. So that's nothing out of your norm. Ok. Um, how about feeling bad about yourself or, uh, your failure? You have let yourself or family down. Any thoughts of that. No, no, no. Um, any trouble, like reading newspaper. Or watching television, concentrating on anything. No, no. Other than I rub my eyes a lot with, uh, these allergies. I've got a little bit and I think my vision is, needs to be checked. I'm gonna do that when I get back up home, when you go back up home. Ok. Um, how about? But, yeah, I would say get them checked just to make sure there's nothing going on too if I'm on the computer a lot. Like at night, if I watch TV, like my eyes like a burning, I don't know, probably too much screen time. Uh, how about, um, do you, over the last two weeks? Have people noticed that you're moving so slowly or you're so fidgety, you're more restless than usual. No, none of that. Ok. Um, and how about any thoughts that you'd be better off dead or of hurting yourself? No. Ok. Um, if you choose any other problems, how, ok. Do you have any problems doing, work at home? Taking care of things at home or getting along with other people? Ok. I know you guys are always very nice to everyone. Ok. And that was a negative. So I'll just close that out. Um, and you probably do one of these at your wellness visit too. Yeah, we did, we did. Just do that. Oh, did you just do that? I didn't know. Let me see. Well, it down here. Oh, you had another one? Yeah. Uh, just do they have wellness visits down there or no. Uh, no, they don't do the wellness visits but they do present you with this questionnaire to fill out. Oh, ok. Doctor. And they did and, and then, and the practitioner she did, um, ask me those questions when she came and checked my BP and whatnot. Did she? Yeah, they're, they want us to be doing that once a year, probably because of everything that's going on with, you know, the world's crazy, you know? People do so. Mhm. Yeah, it's good to have a check up. Two. Let's see. And how about you're ok with your refills down there though? You don't need any. No, I don't need any. Everything's been coming right on time. Hey, wonderful. Um, and anything for doctor at all, I can't think of anything right off, off the cuff here. No. Good. That's not a bad thing. Compression screening and she check, like, if, when she checks the chart she knows you're recalled and everything. So, um, all right. Well, what are you up to today? Anything? Just relaxing or? Well, just relax. We'll probably read and relax and play game of cards at all. Uh, who do you play cards with your neighbor or is it gonna rain more? You know? Yeah, it's supposed to be. We could, we could, uh, no, we got one for Christmas and we could do the big puzzle, but I don't know if I wanna do that. You don't know if you wanna bring that out. What's it? A picture of it's, uh, norms. I like norms. Yeah. Noms are nice. Did you don't? You have a nom outside? I got a lot of nos outside. I think you were telling me about those. I, I think because you did, you paint some of them? What did you paint any of them? Yes. I painted all the, no. Yes. You did paint them, uh, even use body body fill and stuff to shape. Any, any of them that got Ted or chip or something, you know. Mhm. Because I buy them at flea market. They really sad shape. Look at it and says, well, I could, I could do some, put his hat back pointed again and fix this little poles and stuff like that. And he does it with body health because he works with cars and stuff a lot. So he works with it so he can, he can do that for me and he pressure washes them for me because they're pretty sad, you know, pretty. Oh, I'm sure. And then, then I paint them and good couple of days. 34, maybe a week painting them. Depend on how many colors I pick out. That's a nice pri, I enjoy painting sometimes if I'm painting a bedroom or something though I get a little, I'm like, oh, this is a lot of work. That is a lot of work. It's hard work. Kind of thing but get it done just go to the top out in the garage and sit and paint you know. Yeah. All right. Well if you need anything let us know. Ok. Alright. Alright it was nice talking with you. Nice talking and I'll probably talk to you before your anniversary but if I don't happy anniversary I always remember your anniversary because I remember during COVID you guys couldn't I remember you guys were like yes that's why no party. There you go. Now we probably dare do that. Yeah I know. Uh alright well give us a call if you need anything. Ok? All right take care. Ok bye.
