Nurse: Good morning. This is [PHI-Personal]. Can I help you?
Patient: Yes. Hi [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal] again. Um, I got a question about this whole COVID thing. We have a friend slash relative who is very, very concerned about this whole situation. She wants, she thinks both [PHI-Personal] and I are suffering from rebound. What do I tell her? So she thinks I should test again and isolate and repeat the whole thing that we did a couple weeks ago. We still have no symptoms. I mean, nothing.
Nurse: Ok. So when are you supposed to, you're having that me, um, like a dinner meeting or like a gathering this weekend?
Patient: No? Oh,
Nurse: Ok. I was thinking that family was coming or, um,
Patient: Oh, no, wait a minute. My daughter is coming with her with her son. That's right. Saturday.
Nurse: Ok. So when was the last time you tested [PHI-Personal]?
Patient: Um, it, oh, boy. About a week, a week, week and a half ago. Ok. She tested, um, ok. I think the [PHI-Personal]. Ok. The [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: All right. So you're not having any symptoms, no fevers. You've been fever free. You completed your five days isolation and then five days with a mask. Um Yeah. So if you're not experiencing any symptoms, [PHI-Personal], plus you had that antiviral medication too and then she had a different antiviral that she took. Um, so at this point, [PHI-Personal], I mean, you can retest. I say normally you wanna wait about two weeks to retest. Um If you wanted to retest, uh you know, from the last time that you tested and from, you know, when your symptoms have ended and you were done with the antiviral. Um But if you're not experiencing any symptoms, you guys feel very well, no fevers. Um There's at this point I don't see there's no reason to continue to quarantine and repeat treatments.
Patient: Ok? Her response is gonna be, but there's a certain percentage of people who don't, who never have symptoms but they're still infectious contagious. I mean, I can't win with this but I'm, I'm trying to, you know, trying to think of what kind of a response I'm gonna have.
Nurse: Yeah. So, I mean, even if you look at the CDC guidelines, [PHI-Personal], um you know, that's what they're stating, you know, you know, we just do, we all know everything about, you know, the virus. No. Um we don't, I don't think anybody does. Um So, you know, we're doing the best we can, we follow the CDC guidelines. Um You know, and you can just kind of reiterate that to her. Um you know, that you've completed your treatment, you guys are both symptom free. Um, you know, you've done the antiviral, you've done the isolation phase. Uh, you know, and since then there's been no symptoms at all. Um, like not even the slightest but a symptom.
Patient: So, ok. Well, we got the same message from neurologist. So, I mean, ok, I guess I'm just tired of arguing about this. Oh, it,
Nurse: It's, it's hard, [PHI-Personal]. Um, you know, people have different views on it. Um, you know, the, the isolation phase has changed, you know, from the beginning. Um, you know, they've realized that the shedding phase, the point in time that you can spread, the virus is normally 2 to 3 days before symptoms and it can range to, you know, 3 to 4 days after you, um experience symptoms. So that's why they have shortened and changed the isolation guidelines. Um But, you know, so they find out a little bit more. But, yeah, at this point, [PHI-Personal], yeah, there's no reason you both have to redo this whole treatment. Um, you know, in isolation phase. But if you wanted to test, um I'm just looking. So I would say if you wanted to test to be sure you could retest, but you'd always wanna try to wait at least two weeks, you know, from the end of the treatment.
Patient: Ok. Just some, some
Nurse: People can continue to test positive for a short time. Um, but it doesn't mean that you're contagious um, or can spread the virus. Ok?
Patient: Thanks. Thanks for muddying everything.
Nurse: I
Patient: Want a yes or no. I wanna, you know, I'm gonna call the Pope and ask him, you know he's in. So anyway, I'm gonna call gotta go.
Nurse: Well, he'll probably tell you the same thing he's following the I like but no, [PHI-Personal] I I really don't at this point. You and [PHI-Personal] are both. Um fine, thanks. Alright, thanks.
Patient: You too. Bye dear. Bye bye.
