Nurse: Care management. This is [PHI-Personal]. Can I help you?
Patient: Gay. This is [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Hi, [PHI-Personal], how you doing? Good. How are you? Not bad. Not bad. What's new? Anything?
Patient: Uh, let's see. Uh, no, uh, not much, uh, getting some skiing in but two days last week. And, uh, yeah, we've been hitting the club on a regular basis, three days a week. So that's all good.
Nurse: Wow. Now, what are you doing there? Like, what type? Uh,
Patient: So I'm doing, uh, 30 minutes on a, um, a recumbent bike and then I'm hitting the, uh, the machines, uh, a little crunch machine and, uh, some leg exercises and then some dumbbells for a little bit and then, um, a, um, a torso thing, whatever. And then sometimes I hit another 10 minutes on a treadmill.
Nurse: Wow, that's pretty impressive.
Patient: Yeah. So we're, we're, we're, we're feeling pretty good and I bet. Yeah. So the only problem is that, uh, uh, that I've gained about five lbs and we, and I, I kinda know what's happening. I mean, we can, we're doing a little converting and muscle weighs more than fat. So, hopefully I'm getting rid of us some fat I don't know. But, uh, but it does bring up another question about the, um, I keep reading stuff about Metformin and, you know, and now that, uh, works against you when you're trying to exercise and can't get rid of your fat aches and pains. And, you know, so I, you know, I don't know what alternatives there are other than,
Nurse: Yeah. Hm. That's a good question. Um, it's, you know, most people go on Metformin to, to lose weight. Um, that's what they're using it for nowadays. All these, all these diabetic medications. Yeah. Um, Metformin, Ozempic Trulicity. All these diabetic medications are shown to help people lose weight. Um, I mean, of course, I'm sure that doesn't work for everybody. But, um, let me ask you something. Are you having any swelling anywhere?
Patient: No. No. Uh, no, not really. My, I get it around my knees a little bit. Uh, uh-huh. Um, but they're, you know, that's, they're aggravated.
Nurse: Sure. But your feet and your ankles aren't swollen up. No. No, like fluid. Ok. Ok. You're not having any more shortness of breath than usual.
Patient: No. No, that's all good. Ok.
Nurse: So, tell me, do you know what your last weight was?
Patient: Uh, yeah, I was running on my scale on a regular basis about 1 95. And, uh, so I, I just weighed myself yesterday and it was 2 O2 and I know it was creeping, you know, it went down just a couple of pounds and then little by that. But, you know, so, uh,
Nurse: Ok. Ok.
Patient: But I, I'm, I'm kind of looking at it from the point of view. If I keep at the club, we can keep on the, on our track and hope hopefully it, uh, should come down a little
Nurse: Bit. It, I'm sure, I'm sure it will. Now, are you restricting calories at all?
Patient: Uh, not so much. No, no. Um, uh, I, I don't eat an awful lot of, uh, bread but I, but I do like, uh, you know, a couple pieces of toast in the morning. Um, and then sometimes I'll get a, uh, you know, a loaf of pump or something and have a slice of that with, with dinner. Mhm. And, uh, and with the, I am trying to cut back a little bit, uh, with, with, uh, either we skip lunch, uh, and, or, you know, I, I kind of cut down the second helping at, uh, at dinner time. So I'm just trying to keep it that maybe so I'm kind of restrict a little bit.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. Um, what do you normally like? What type of meal do you normally have for dinner?
Patient: Um, well, we might, uh, might have, uh, you know, pasta, meatballs and whatever, but then that maybe once a week, um, and like last night we had to, we had a nice pot roast and, uh, and a potato and a salad. And, um, you know, she, uh, she'll do probably at least once a week. We'll do some sort of soup. So make, uh, like chicken soup and, you know, barley soup or something like that. Um, yeah, that's, that's pretty much, that's all. I, I have a salad probably, uh, 23 times a week, at least.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. Good. Doesn't sound too shabby. I'm asking because, you know, a lot of times when people are super, super active, they kind of don't feel like they have to pay too, too much attention to the diet. But the unfortunate part is you can't outer exercise, a poor diet. And
Patient: That's the truth.
Nurse: Yeah. So, you know, you might, if you're looking at those five lbs, could it be muscle? Maybe, maybe. Um, if you're looking to take it off though, I think you need, I'm not saying don't eat but I'm saying, yeah, you might want to focus a little more on the calorie restriction and, or carb sugar, you know, restriction. Um, yeah,
Patient: Carbs probably is probably my biggest one. You know what? I, yeah,
Nurse: More protein, more protein. Yeah. Um, and being diabetic, you know, trying to skip lunch, you know, sometimes that works against us because if we're not eating at regular intervals, our blood sugar is going up and down and up and down and by the time you get to supper you're so hungry. You want those two servings, you want the extra food because you're starving. Um, you know, just something to think about if you're, if you're playing with those five lbs.
Patient: Yeah. Well, good, thank you. Uh, the other question I have is, uh, what should I do about my hearing? I, I should probably be tested, you know, we're, we're at the point where, uh, can you turn the TV down? Mhm.
Nurse: Mhm. Ok. Have you ever had your hearing checked before by an audiologist?
Patient: No, not really. I did it for, uh, uh, for my driver's license a few times but, uh, it was not very technical.
Nurse: Ok. That's all right. Um, so, uh, what, how this works is I can ask Doctor [PHI-Personal] and I'm sure it won't be a problem, um, to give us a referral to the audiologist. Ok. They, I don't know if you have someone specific in mind. They normally recommend, um, the one right in their building there. Um,
Patient: Yeah, they're downstairs, I think. Right.
Nurse: Yeah. Life in me now I'm having a, a problem remembering who they are but that's, that's who they, it'll, it'll come to me that's who they usually recommend. Um, it's [PHI-Geographic] Audiology. Let me see. Audiology. [PHI-Geographic]. Yeah. Public Square. Oh, [PHI-Geographic] Coast. That's their name. [PHI-Geographic] Coast Audiology. Ok. Because they do physical therapy there too. Ok. So, would that, would that be ok with you? Because they're gonna say, where does he wanna go?
Patient: Sure. Sure. Yeah. No, that would be fine. They
Nurse: Seem pretty efficient just from what I see patients going through usually [PHI-Personal] will just send them the referral. They usually call you pretty quickly and get you in and out pretty quickly. Um, yeah, absolutely. I, I say, you know, get it done. It's better to just get it done instead of, you know, nobody wants to admit they have a problem and, or if there's a potentially need for some sort of assistive devices or hearing aid or something. But, you know, it's frustrating to struggle.
Patient: Um, well, it is, it's a pain, pain in the butt. It is. It really is. I mean, so, you know, my partner, she's pretty soft spoken but you get a little bit of noise around and I don't get it. I'm going. Uh, what did you say?
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. Wow. I cannot not ever imagine my husband ever calling me soft spoken. Never. Never. Oh, that's funny. Ok. So I will most certainly, um, request that. Ok. So, just unless there's some sort of outlandish problem, I, I, I'll, I, I won't call you if it's gonna go through, just listen for a call from, from, um, [PHI-Geographic] Coast audiology. Ok. That's usually how they, they'll contact you after they process your referral. Ok. Ok. So that's one thing off your list here. And, um, and, you know, just if you're interested in those five lbs, like I said, watch the, the, the calories and the carbs. I don't know if you, um, do you use, like the, your smart phone and apps on your smart phone. No. Um, there's a website, even if you wanted to do it on the laptop, it's, um, called my Plate and like my [PHI-Personal]. You can go to, it is a, um, government [PHI-Personal], um, place where you can look at, you can plug in, you know, your weight and it'll tell you it'll break it down into how, what, what you should be eating for your weight and healthy eating portion control, that kind of thing. Um, it'll give you a place where you can log your food because there have been studies where, you know, if you, if you document what you're eating, you keeping a food diary, it has been shown to, um, have people lose weight more weight than
Patient: Sure you didn't. Yeah. You don't, you don't think about it. How many slices of bread did I have this week? Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah, it's true. It's true. Um, ok. I'm just making sure I have that website right here. I'm pretty sure I did. Yeah. My plate, healthy eating portion control. Yeah. My [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. If you're ever interested or don't have anything else to do, you wanna take a peek at it because, you know, sometimes it'll give you, um, the real serving size of something more like, like, like a half a cup of pasta is a serving size. Like, really? Who could eat a half a cup of pasta? Be full, I can't. Um, but, you know, it, it kind of just puts things into a better perspective when you look at it like this smarter choices when you're shopping. Um, you know, including ideas to include more fruits and more vegetables, stuff like that. Right. Ok. Good. Yeah. So I'll take care of the audiology. How about prescriptions? Are you doing? Ok with those?
Patient: Yep. Not a problem. Ok. Yeah, I work through, uh, uh, Walmart and, uh, and they, they call me, you know, when it still. Ok. So, yeah, that works. That works really good.
Nurse: Ok, good. Tell me about your, um, your foot, like in January. Um,
Patient: Yeah, it, so it's pretty much gone. Uh, I get a little bit of, uh, now for, on my left one, a little bit down on the, uh, the heel, your achilles heel area, a little bit of fasciitis. But, uh, but the exercise and the skiing, I, I think it's just going away, you know, we just working through it.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. You know,
Patient: Until it, until it fires up again, you know.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. And hopefully it won't. But, you know, I don't know, I can't remember if you've said you've seen a podiatrist for that, but it might be something to think about in the future because they treat you specifically for, like, if it is a plantar fasciitis or if you have heel spurs, they're usually related and usually more activity may or may not kind of trigger that, um, to flare up again and there are different things there's exercises you could do to prevent that. There are inserts you could use to, um, ease that. So, you know, just keep that in the back of your mind if it's something you, you may need to pursue in the future. Ok.
Patient: Yeah. Well, that's, that's what I kind of thought. If it flares up again, I'm gonna call right away and, yeah, definitely.
Nurse: Absolutely. Cut out the middle man and just get it taken care of. That's what I would do. Mhm.
Patient: Absolutely. Ok.
Nurse: And if you need help with that, a referral call me and, and we could take care of it for you. Ok. All right. I will take care of the audiology and you have my number. If anything comes up, just call. All right, I do that. All right, [PHI-Personal] sounds like you're doing good. Keep up the good work. I'll talk to you soon. Ok.
Patient: Bye bye bye bye.
