Nurse: Hi, [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi,
Nurse: How are you doing today?
Patient: Oh, fine. I've been who, I mean, who am I talking to with?
Nurse: My name is I'm the care manager working with doctor
Patient: Work. Oh, ok. My, my new doctor. Ok. Uh, here's, here's my situation. I've been meaning to call. I think this is a caretaker uh to schedule on a doctor's appointment for me. Yeah. Ok. Called, I don't know, man. I'm just all discombobulated but my doctor gave me a referral, sent a thing to the house for me to go see uh a pain doctor. Ok. And uh let me see, she gave me a referral, let me see. This said, no, that ain't it right there. You, yes, it is. So, and uh for pain management, uh she wanted me to go see a pain doctor and then, and II I haven't scheduled it yet and then I received a letter in the mail. What you wanted me to go here. It is this letter to inform you that your provider placed a pain management referral for you. And I was wondering if, uh y'all would get that scheduled and scheduled for a meeting.
Nurse: So I would so I wouldn't schedule it, [PHI-Personal]. I only schedule appointments for the [PHI-Personal] office. So if she placed the referral for pain management, let me see if there's any, did she mention anybody specific or what did she mention when she said to see pain management?
Patient: Uh, the letter just says this, let us to inform you that your provider placed the pain management referral for you. I have a pain manager. It's not covered under your insurance plan. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact, contact the central referral department. Ok,
Nurse: So let me see what pain management doctors are with. TGH. Give me one second, but I wouldn't schedule the appointment. So you would have to call over to pain management, but give me one second here. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Trying to find a p myself and deep breath. You want it. Yeah, with the conversation.
Nurse: Ok. Well, remind me again. Why did, um, pain management, where is your pain located
Patient: Basically in my legs? I got multiple sclerosis.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: And it's about time I get on some pain pills, I can't even get my traMADol no more because I need to see a pain doctor.
Nurse: Ok. No, sure. Ok. [PHI-Personal], I have a phone number here for a pain medicine doctor. Um, he also does neurology as well because I see that you do have a neurologist that you see for your MS. So he'll have be able to have a better understanding as well for pain and neurology for the MS of what's gonna work best for you. Ok. Ok. So the number is [PHI-Account].
Patient: Hold on [PHI-Account]
Nurse: [PHI-Account]
Patient: [PHI-Account]
Nurse: [PHI-Account]
Patient: [PHI-Account] [PHI-Personal]. And who I'm gonna call this?
Nurse: So you are gonna, so this provider's name is Doctor [PHI-Personal]. So you're gonna be calling over um listen to the prompts and for you to hit for free to click on pain management so you can get in touch with scheduling. Ok. It should directly take you right over to it but just listen to it. Um, because I know like each number is slightly different on kind of how it um what, what they say. So this is what they say. You're gonna wanna click on the one for pain management if you have to click on a specific one and it's gonna take you to their scheduling department. Ok. And then you're gonna let the ladies know that your provider doctor placed a referral for you to see a pain management specialist for your MS and then if you wanna get an appointment scheduled. Ok.
Patient: Ok. And where are they located at?
Nurse: So this one give me one second.
Patient: I see. Ok, so taking these pills. No, absolutely. Unfortunately, the bill.
Nurse: So it doesn't give me an exact address, but I would ask them, uh I don't know if they have multiple, I think they have multiple different locations. Um, So, it depends on which one's the closest to you that they'll be able to go ahead and make the appointment. So, just ask them exactly what, what address it is. Ok. Ok.
Patient: Now, can you look on your computer and tell me when I have, uh, uh, my next appointment with my neurologist and stuff?
Nurse: Yeah. So your next appointment with your neurologist is [PHI-Personal] at 8:[PHI-Personal] a.m.
Patient: Ok. Hold on, let me write that down. That's a too, right.
Nurse: Uh, well, let me take a look for you. Give me one second. Yeah, it's a [PHI-Personal] appointment.
Patient: Ok. [PHI-Personal] 18th. Ok. Ok. Ok. Doctor [PHI-Personal]. And then I, the rest of them I got that's in the rest of them. Uh, it was in uh, 2023.
Nurse: Yeah. Was, so we got a couple of months until those appointments.
Patient: Ok. Ok. Ok. So call this call, this number and they're gonna set me up appointment to come see the pain management
Nurse: Doctor. Yeah, let them know. Um, like I said, just listen to the prompts because I know each phone call that I've called before is a little bit different on whether it directs you. Correct. It connects you directly to them or you have to, uh, kind of click on for pain management scheduling things like that. So just listen to what it says to you, [PHI-Personal] and then it, when you get to scheduling, let them know that you have a referral that's placed by your PC P and that you need to see us pain management for the MS and then they can get you scheduled with one of the providers there. Ok.
Patient: Ok. And is that one that called me though?
Nurse: Repeat that one more time, [PHI-Personal]? Is,
Patient: Is that why y'all had called me this morning?
Nurse: No, so I called you to do our follow up for the month just so I could kind of check in and see how you're doing. So that was so that was my call.
Patient: Ok. Ok. Ok. I, I just had seen when I had a phone call II I forgot I'm part of some type of program now where y'all take up on us and everything.
Nurse: Oh no, you're good, [PHI-Personal]. No, I just wanted to kind of call just checking and see how you're doing. Um [PHI-Personal] remind me one more time. Do you, do you check your blood pressures at home? Do
Patient: I do what now?
Nurse: Do you check your blood pressures at home?
Patient: No, I do not be honest with you. I do, I just take my BP medicine and when I come to see you all, y'all tell me it is good and this or that, you know.
Nurse: Ok. Do you have a BP machine at home or no?
Patient: My wife do if I ask her, she check it.
Nurse: Ok. So what I want you to do, [PHI-Personal] is go ahead and check your BP, let's say right now, let's try to have you check it at least twice a week. Ok. What I want you to do the reason why I want you to be able to kind of check your BP and, and not just wait until you come into the office is because it, when you come into the office, sometimes that BP is gonna be a little bit high, which is understandable. Uh, anybody that goes to the doctor's office kind of not know what's gonna be and then it's gonna come down which is what we want, but at home, what we want to be able to also make sure is that BP is staying where it needs to stay, especially on the BP medication, you know, and it's nothing where, ok, if you're seeing it be too high or too low. Ok. Is it something where we have to change your BP medication to kind of help manage it more, much better or is it something where OK. Is something else going on and then kind of go from there? Ok.
Patient: Ok. BP. Oh my wife don't have one no more.
Nurse: Ok. How about I have a question for you, [PHI-Personal]. Then if I'm able to get a BP machine to you, would you be able to check it at least every day or every other day for me? Yes,
Patient: Ma'am.
Nurse: Ok. So I have a question for you. So like the CCM program, we have what's called an R PM program which stands for remote patient monitoring. Ok. I like the program. It, it's a billable service so it goes through your insurance just like this one does. Now for the program, we send that BP machine to you. So you have it. So you'd be able to check your BP daily or every other day. For me, there's nothing that you have to do on your end for us to get the results. They automatically come to us and you're able to see what your BP is at home as well. Ok. Ok. And then what happens, [PHI-Personal] is towards the end of this, I'm gonna get you transferred as long as you're, you know, you have no problem with the program. I would get you transferred over to our enrollment specialist. Now, our enrollment specialist would go ahead and get everything set up for you and they'll mail out the information that all that comes along with the BP cuff. And one of our triage nurses will go ahead and give you a call and make sure everything's set up correctly. Any questions or concerns at the time when you do get the machine and then you would just go ahead and check it. Now, this gives us an opportunity to make sure that. Ok. Yes, blood pressures are looking good at home. There's no concerns if we do get an alert because we set it to be certain parameters on that BP machine. So if it gets goes too high or too low, we get automatic alert and one of the girls on the R PM, it's she, she'll be additional to the team, she'll be the triage nurse. So as soon as soon as she gets that alert, she's gonna be giving you a call to kind of check and then be seeing, hey, how are you doing? Is everything ok. Um uh and then things like that. Ok.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: Ok. So let me, let me get you transferred over real quick to she's enrollment specialist just to kind of get things going for you [PHI-Personal]. And then what I'll do after you're done with her is go ahead and give a call over to that number for pain management so we can get that appointment scheduled as well. Ok. Thank you. You're welcome. And then um it looks like [PHI-Personal] quick question. You have COPD, correct? Yes. Ok. So what I'm gonna do with that as well is I'm gonna send an oximeter too. So you could kind of just once in a while be able to check your oxygen levels. E especially if you ever do feel short of breath, you're able to kind of check where it's at as well. Ok. It's the same thing you don't you it's nothing that comes out of your pocket to pay for. We send it to you and the data automatically gets sent over to us as well. Ok. Yes, ma'am. Ok. Perfect. And then one last question for you [PHI-Personal] for your blood pressures, do you know what kind of symptoms to be on the look out for? If you ever feel like your blood pressures are too high or too low?
Patient: Uh, no dizziness. Uh, like I'm about to faint. Mhm. Uh, sweaty, sweating a lot. Ok. Stuff like that. Stuff like that.
Nurse: Ok. So dizziness, headache, lightheadedness, shortness of breath and chest pain are gonna be mainly with that BP being too high compared to it being low. Your vision being blurry, feeling, nauseous, nosebleeds, things like that. Ok. So what I typically tell patients is if you start to feel that way, check your BP first or if you have diabetes, check your blood sugars, make sure it's nothing with that. If you see that your BP is too high or too low. What I tell patients is wait five minutes and recheck your BP. Now, during those five minutes, if it is too high, I want you to go and take some nice deep breaths for me to kind of help calm down. Cause one of those things that pain, um, anxiety and stress are some of those things, I'll go ahead and increase that BP, right. So I want you to try to calm your body as best as possible. Now, if that BP is too low, if you're able to lay down and have your feet elevated. That'd be ideal. But if you can't do that, that's ok. Just continue with those deep breathing exercises after five minutes. I want you to go ahead and recheck your BP again and see where it's at. Now, if it comes down to where your BP is normal for you, perfect. Just keep an eye on it if it's still out of range and you are having symptoms. What I want you to do, we'll give you a call if we see it. But what I want you to do as well is just go to the urgent care to the ed, especially if that BP is 100 and 80/100 and that heart rate over 100 and you're having chest pain, that is the best place that you're gonna be at [PHI-Personal] for them to be able to eval evaluate you as soon as possible. Ok? So um those are some of the things that I kinda want you to be on the look out for but let me get you transferred over to be we'll get you all set up with this and then we'll kind of go from there. Ok? Yes. Ok, [PHI-Personal]
Patient: Too. I hope too or anything the first time I do.
Nurse: Ok? It looks like she is on the phone right now currently. So what I will do is I will send her a message to let her know and she will be in touch with you to give you a call um to be able to set up everything. Ok? Yes, sir. And then we'll kind of go from there. Yeah, she's on the phone right now. So let me let her know you go ahead and give a call over to pain management. I'll let her know that you may be on the phone trying to get that appointment set up so she can try a little bit later to get everything set up for you. Ok. Ok. Ok [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Yeah she can call me by like what like 1 [PHI-Personal] or so one
Nurse: [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Yeah because it about and I'm I wanna have a little time make sure I schedule manage.
Nurse: Oh, not a problem. You're good. So I will let her know that and then so she'll give you a call around 1 30. Ok. Ok, thank you. You're welcome bye bye.
