Nurse: Hey, Mister
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. Hey, I just got off the phone with Doctor [PHI-Personal] and wanted to call you as promised. She, uh, she can't give me a nebulizer. She said it's got something that has to be ordered, but she's gonna prescribe me a, uh, an inhaler and, uh, and some cough medicine.
Nurse: Ok. She said, why couldn't you have neb treatments?
Patient: Uh, because the, the nebulizer is not available, like, you know, like I could pick up at the pharmacy. It has to be ordered. It comes in the mail. Wow. Yeah. So I didn't know if that was, uh, you, I don't
Nurse: Honestly ii, I don't know [PHI-Personal], because I'm gonna be honest. I live in [PHI-Geographic]. I don't live there in [PHI-Geographic]. Um, so I don't really know how it is there, but I know here I have five kids and, and three of them are asthmatics. Um, and all they, all she has to prescribe is the medication itself, the solution and the, the nebulizer you should be able to go pick up at any DME.
Patient: Right. That's what I thought she says. Ah, and, uh, yeah, uh, it's, it's a process involved to getting that you know, shipped to my house or mailed to my house. So, in the, in, in the interim, she's gonna give me a, I said, well, I told her I had an inhaler from my, uh, my pulmonologist and she says, what is it? And I read it to her and she says, well, I'm gonna order you a, a different inhaler and a cough medicine. And I'm like, ok, I'm gonna call my nurse practitioner and let her know if that's something Doctor uh Doctor [PHI-Personal] can order or the nebulizer or I don't know if Doctor [PHI-Personal] is gonna order it or not.
Nurse: Let's let's wait. Um I get off about 4 30. So let's do this. Let me put a little note on my computer and I will check before I leave to see if it's been ordered from Doctor [PHI-Personal]. And if not, I can send Doctor [PHI-Personal] a message just to see if she would be willing to order just the solution. And like I said, it might be different in [PHI-Geographic], but I literally just went to the DME place. Now, if she'll write a prescription for it, your insurance, usually your insurance will cover it at that DME. I
Patient: Got [PHI-Personal] doesn't cover [PHI-Personal] covers.
Nurse: OK. So yeah, uh the way that I've done it is all they do is write a prescription for it and you take that prescription to your local DME and just say here's the prescription for the nebulizer they give it to you and you're on your way.
Patient: I've done in the past. I know. Well, whatever you find out, just let me know. I appreciate it. Uh
Nurse: Yes, sir. I'm glad I could get you in so quick.
Patient: Thank you very much. Yeah, me too. I'm gonna go to Publix now and see if they have my stuff pretty soon.
Nurse: Perfect. Perfect. Well, I will speak to you before the end of the day, probably around four ish or so. Um and I'll just let you know either way. Yes, they did or no, they didn't and this is where we'll move forward. That sound good. Yes, sir. It's my pleasure to help you. All right, talk to you soon. Alrighty,
Patient: Bye bye bye. I'm going to pub.
