Nurse: This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi. My name is, uh, I'm not sure if you're my nurse care manager. I can't remember who it was. Um, for doctor [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Yes, that's me. What can I do for
Patient: You? Ok. Uh, I didn't know if I've been having trouble with my left foot up below my ankle, on the inside of my foot. I don't know if it's like plantar fasciitis or the other one that been there, but it's been going on for like, about more than a month and it hurts when I [PHI-Personal]. So I didn't know if I needed to contact doctor first or if I could just go to a podiatrist and have them look at it or what I needed to do. And I thought I'd reach out to you first before I did the office.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. All right. So, tell me a little bit more about your symptoms. So, it's so your left foot,
Patient: It's my left foot on the inside, below my ankle. Um, and it just when I [PHI-Personal] it hurts. I've been trying, I, I get on the treadmill periodically. Uh, well, not periodically. I try to do it quite a bit. And, um, I don't know if I hurt it being on the treadmill. So, um, I mean, I, you have to [PHI-Personal] on it so there's nothing that I can do to not [PHI-Personal] on it. So it, it hurts when I [PHI-Personal], when I put pressure on the bottom of my, well, you know, you [PHI-Personal] on your heel. So, so when I [PHI-Personal] there's pressure that it just hurts. Um, there, uh, it doesn't look swollen to me but, you know, it's kind of hard to tell if something's swollen or not.
Nurse: Right. Is it red or warm to touch?
Patient: No, it's, it's none of that. And it just, and we were in Disney so we did an awful lot of walking. Um, there's also also on my, my right knee that hurts too. But I know I can't see a podiatrist for that. So that could just be, I mean, it could be many things. It could be arthritis, it could just be whatever, overuse or whatever. But, um, you know, my right knee hurts and my left foot hurts.
Nurse: So we have both sides going down on you. Yeah, I have
Patient: One on my knee and one on my foot. So I, I, that's why I said I didn't know if I needed to see a podiatrist or, you know, what, what I needed to do, but it doesn't seem to be getting better. I don't know that it will because I have to [PHI-Personal]
Nurse: Right. Um, uh, your right knee. Does it have any swelling or?
Patient: Um, it doesn't, it doesn't seem to be, but it could be very minute.
Nurse: But, and then what about, like, redness, warmth?
Patient: No, no redness, no warmth.
Nurse: Um, any
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. No, it's not as bad. Now, when I say, you know, I'm not on the treadmill that like today, it doesn't really hurt that much. Uh, my ankle, my ankle with my left foot still will hurt because I'm walking, you know, I'm walking on it, but my knee doesn't seem to hurt today. So it may just be, try not to [PHI-Personal] on it as much on the treadmill. So, um, but it, I mean, it still hurts every once in a while but not, not as bad as my left
Nurse: Foot. Ok. Um, would you be able to come in and see Doctor [PHI-Personal] maybe tomorrow?
Patient: Uh, I couldn't, tomorrow I could on probably, uh, he's probably not in, on Fridays. We're up at, I'm up at my daughter's in [PHI-Geographic], so we'll be here watching the kids until, uh, either Thursday morning. We'll come home or Wednesday night. I'm not sure what we're doing yet, so I could possibly come in Thursday afternoon.
Nurse: Ok. All right. Let me see what I can get for you. Let me see. First of all, if he's here on Friday.
Patient: Um, yeah, Friday, I could go in any time.
Nurse: Yeah. Let's see if I can do that. That might be easiest for you. He is, he is here Friday.
Patient: Oh, ok, great.
Nurse: Only in, oh, wait, no, just kidding. He's there all day. So I have an appointment as early as 8 [PHI-Account] or as late as 3 [PHI-Account].
Patient: I'll take the 8 [PHI-Account], 8
Nurse: [PHI-Account]. Ok. Let me just get you in. Make sure that it goes through and all that good stuff. All right. Make sure it went into your chart there. It is. All right. So that's on [PHI-Personal], which is Friday at 8 [PHI-Account]. I've got you in for an appointment. Um, great. And then just to get you through, uh, the rest of the week. Um, have you been taking anything for pain? Ibuprofen Tylenol.
Patient: No, no, it's not. I mean, it's not the, the pain is not that great that I have to take something. It just, and when I stay off of it, it's ok just when I [PHI-Personal] on it, it just, you can tell there's something wrong and it hasn't cleared up in over. Um, you know, I know it's been at least over a month, but we, we also went to Disney and walked seven miles and five miles and another seven miles. So, yeah, so, so it hasn't really had a time not to get aggravated.
Nurse: Right. Yeah. You know, Disney is like a, a power work out for like days in a row, so I get it. Yes. Um, so, um I would still go ahead even though the pain isn't that great that you feel that you need to really take anything Ibuprofen has anti-inflammatory properties to it. So, this will reduce the inflammation that may be causing your pain and may result in, you know, it going away eventually. Um, just make sure that if you do take ibuprofen that you, um, take it with food
Patient: That won't affect my BP pills
Nurse: Or no. No, it won't affect that. Um, you don't have any kidney problems, right? Not that I know of. Ok. Yeah, I know you're fine. Just make sure that you, um, take it with a meal because it can cause some upset stomach. Um, if you take it on an empty stomach, um, and it can cause it kind of, it can, if you take it excessively without food, it can cause stomach ulcers. Um, but that's like you would have to take like a ridiculous amount with no food for a prolonged period. So, but it's always best to protect the belly. Take it with food. Um, and then have you ever heard of Rice protocol?
Patient: Yeah. Rest ice
Nurse: Compression, elevation
Patient: And
Nurse: Elevation. Yep. So rest with your foot up above the level of your heart. That's really important. Um, so if you need to put stack pillows or something underneath your, your foot, um, to make it above the level of your heart, um, it being that high helps the blood flow. Um, so that those tissues can heal faster. Ok. Yeah. So try that. Um, and then ice just make sure that you're not doing more than 20 minutes at a time. Um, because, uh, more than 20 minutes with ice can cause tissue damage. So, yeah. Ok. So ice for 20 minutes and then off for the rest of the hour and then you can put the ice back on. So basically out of every hour you can do 20 minutes of ice. Yeah. Um, and then I know that your foot's hurting. Um, and I don't know if it's like, tender to touch. Um, uh, you might benefit. Go ahead if
Patient: I press on it. Yes. But I mean, it's, it's not, uh, I mean, if you press on where the, where below the ankle and where the back of your, where your achilles tendon would be if you press on that, it hurts, but it's not a pain that, you know, I can't live with. I mean, I've lived with it for over a month and I was just thinking it would get better and it's not. So, um, I figured, um, now is the time but it doesn't, you know, other than when I'm walking on it, it doesn't throb or anything like that.
Nurse: Ok. Um, you might try like a little gentle massage. Now whenever you're, if you do decide to massage your foot a little bit, uh, just do it very, very gently. I mean, don't be doing like a deep tissue massage um because if there is some sort of injury in there doing a deep tissue massage can make the injury worse. Um but if you do a very light massage over where you you know you're not really applying all that much pressure, it will increase the blood flow and make it heal faster. Ok. So yeah just a just a few ideas to help with pain relief and and whatnot until until your appointment on Friday.
Patient: Ok, sounds good.
Nurse: Alright and I will um check in on you after our appointment and see how it went and see how you're doing.
Patient: Ok, great. Thank you very much. I didn't know whether whether I should call you or just call the office when I wanna make an appointment or what I do. So
Nurse: It's absolutely up to you. Yeah either way is fine. Yeah you can do whatever you're more comfortable with.
Patient: Ok. Sounds good.
Nurse: All right. Well you enjoy them grandkids. Ok, I will. Alright and you have a good week I'll talk to you next week. Ok. Ok, thank you. You're welcome. Bye bye.
