Nurse: Good afternoon. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, honey. I'm calling you back. Hey, how
Nurse: Are you feeling today?
Patient: Uh, I'm feeling, um, still like lightheaded but, um, this was coughing up quite a bit of, um, you know, thick stuff. Um, it doesn't seem to have pus in it but it just, I just don't feel like, you know, doing extreme exercising or anything like that. Just, yeah, usually I'm walking right now this time of year, like going for long walk, you know, in the wind and the air and the pollen seems to be lifted. But I don't know if it's the humidity. I don't know if it's the fact that I need my shots because the pain is, you know, the minute I come down off my Lyrica, my Tylenol, it's like snap, you know, I'm doing laundry though, scrubbing, you know, cleaning, you know, and, and doing stuff like that and cooking and, you know, doing what I have to do, but I just, I just don't feel like going the extra mile. Ok.
Nurse: Um, were you able to find a COVID test?
Patient: Um, actually, no, I just, I don't think I have COVID whatsoever. I really don't. Um,
Nurse: Did you let know how you were feeling though?
Patient: Yeah. And he said that, um, I, I seem to have repeated symptoms of this, um, that he feels there's no problem. Um, he just knows it is what it is but I can't accept it. You know what I mean? I'm trying to fight my way through it and, and he said it's like they want me to stay inside, kinda. Yeah. Yeah. they want me to stay inside. They want me to, um, like, you know, stay low dust, like, don't clean, they stay, you know what I'm saying? Like stuff like that and I can't stay inside and I can not have my face and dirt and dust and cleaning. Oh, my gosh. Come on.
Nurse: I know you're pretty, you stay pretty busy majority of the time. Um, now, um, have you been running a fever or having any diarrhea? Anything like that?
Patient: No. Uh, uh, no. Uh, that, uh, that there seems to be running the same, my appetite's the same. Um, no, vomiting. Nothing like that. I don't think I, I have fever. Um, I, like, now two weeks ago I kind of felt like chilled and I think it would get warm but it doesn't feel like that. It feels like it's broken up a little bit more and coming out a little bit more. Um, that the color
Nurse: I know you said you weren't co coughing up pus but is it the color, like yellow or green.
Patient: Um, at first it was like a yellowish and then it turned to a green but now it seems to be, um, more clear.
Nurse: Ok. Like a pale, pale yellow. Ok.
Patient: Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. Um, you know,
Patient: I wanted to ask, I'm not interrupting, but I wanted to ask you something like there for a while. I was, I had the windows open because my daughter just can't stand the air condition. I turned the air conditioning off and I went out, I cleaned the bottom of my air condition machine out, popped the cork and cleaned all that out because it had some stuff in there. And then, um, I turned the air conditioning on last night again when I slept. Um, and I always put, I always sleep with the hoodie on because I got, I can't have like an ear plugs. I, I can't have stuff like whipping over my face and my head or anything. So I just, I only the on but, um, it seems to be better than weeks before it was cooler at night and in the morning. So I had to have the windows open and then I had a fan blowing on me and see, I think a direct fan blowing through the night with that air and all that blowing directly in my face and on me, I think that might be ca might have caused some havoc.
Nurse: Yeah, I mean, that does happen. I mean, especially, I mean, I know you clean your house 100% know you clean your house. But even with this time of year when it's really humid outside and, um, you're having to, um, like what you said, where your daughter wanted to air out the house instead of the air conditioning, um, coming in, um, that does help prevent indoor mold and dust mo from thriving. But then also if it's real windy, you have that pollen and like the mold spores and all that stuff flying around. So, like if you were cleaning your air conditioning and then say it was windy that night or it got, um, caught up, like when you turned it on, it got caught up in the airstream of that fan and it was blowing on you. Um, if there was any allergens in that, like pollen mold, any type of spores like that, it would have irritated you. So, um, especially right now when it's like the hot dry days, um, pollen counts are higher and, um, it's kinda, it's kind of like a catch 22. You clean your house and then some people air it out and then it brings in the allergens from outside and it's just a really bad pollen season this year. So, I mean, I wouldn't, I mean, I wouldn't like discount that just because if I sleep with a fan on, I wake up feeling I wake up with a sore throat and everything if I sleep with a, that's
Patient: What it was. Well, see, when, when that air stuff went through, ok, when that dirty air or that, that smoke or wherever, whatever chemical, whatever was in or wherever, who knows what from real? Because my sister told me that she heard in [PHI-Geographic] there were three canker that were coming from somewhere passing through that area and those tankers, they say fell over and they were carrying a wild chemical. And then she said, we, there's stuff like that happens all the time, but it's not on the news. And, and she said that the combination from the fire smoke that came through and that chemical dropping and the wind the way it was moving and stuff because I went to a baseball game, I was fine and I had went to a baseball game and I started feeling like I couldn't breathe and I started getting like, within 24 to 48 hours. Like I kept coming out on the porch and my, and my daughter's screaming at me, mom, you've got compromised, you know, whatever condition you're not supposed to. And I said I got out of there and she said you're worsening your factors. Well, I had already started with a sore throat and really bad. I never get headaches, an extreme extreme pain in my brain. And I'm like, what is, oh my God, I'm coming down with something and as I, it progressed with that whole environmental thing, it got worse. It got really bad. So then I continued to clean everything down, clean. The fans clean, you know, the top fans that are rolling around my bed and then my fan that I have directly on me that I have on turbo, like through the night, like I said, and, um, I had, uh, left the windows open through the night and then shut that mid morning to try to keep whatever. And then I thought to myself, what am I doing? Oh, my gosh. I need to shut all these windows. Keep my air purification. I got purified this air on the inside. I gotta clean everything and I gotta keep it shut. I can't open up these windows with what, uh, what's happening to me? I'm getting sick very bad. Sick from this. So that was like a whole jump on, you know, that, that their thing and, and try to straighten that out and you know what gets me is there's these people, they're out swimming, they're out camping, they're out doing whatever they're at ball games or whatever. And I heard a majority of those people say they started with sore throat. Yeah. And I mean, yeah,
Nurse: I mean, there was an air quality alert out a few, like a week or two ago when that wildfire was real bad when y'all were having like that yellow, yellowish looking sky, like you couldn't see the mountain or anything. Oh, hell,
Patient: It was awful. It was awful. They said [PHI-Geographic]. Yeah. And in [PHI-Geographic] City, because that [PHI-Geographic], I mean, it's that area, um, if, if it was a chemical because it seemed more, uh, fire coming from down these wind, blowing down by the river back here. But in [PHI-Geographic] it seemed yellow. Like it was a chemical, there was some sort of chemical that was in, that, that turned out. Yeah, it
Nurse: Looked, it looked crazy. Um, yeah, I had an aunt that went on vacation up there that week and she was taking pictures of how bad it looked up there. Um, that's where I tell people too. Um, if you can looking up the pollen report or the air quality report, um, I know there's like the National Allergy Bureau, you can look at that website and they do the pollen counts in the specific regions and then you can always just look up your local air quality report to see if there's any issues. Um, usually in regards to, like, which I know it's calmed down quite a bit. Um, with, with any type of like po pollution inhalation, smoke inhalation, you're gonna get like that sore throat, hoarseness, shortness of breath, headache, stuff like that. Um, so, I mean, I wouldn't be, I mean, it's, it's not surprising that everybody was outside around that happening and then they start getting sore throats and feeling bad because, I mean, I was having to call patients and tell them to stay inside, like my lung patients and stuff because, I mean, that would have a lot of that stuff would have hurt, hurt them. So, um, I mean, what, what you probably could do is instead of pointing the, the fan directly at you? I, is it more of the sound you think that you're, you're wanting, or is it the airflow,
Patient: Airflow, constant air? I have to have constant air flow. Uh, even if I'm sitting outside on the porch, I have a teeny tiny little fan. It's on the, on the stand here and it'll blow on my body. Now. I won't let it blow on my face, but I'll have something moving. I've always been like that. I've been like that ever since I was a kid. Ever. And when I was a kid they couldn't stop me. I was always on my bike. I was always running. I was always moving my mom but my mom thought I was bipolar. My mom thought, like I had some sort of hyper, whatever. You just couldn't stop me. I, I just wanted to play 24 7. I hated to sit cell. It was hard for me to learn.
Nurse: Yeah. Um, do you, I know sometimes, I mean, with warmer weather too, um, which I know you technically don't have like COPD or anything but with, as bad as your allergies are. Um, I know a lot of patients that I talk to. They like doing, like, the dehumidifiers or the air purifiers in their house. Oh, I
Patient: Mean, I, I have to have that 24 7. Now, the dehumidifier that I had down in, in, uh, or it was in my closet or whatever that broke and I can't afford to get another one. And my, I had a huge air purification system that was phenomenal and it was the only thing one time I lived in a trailer that just, it saved my life. But that is like a [PHI-Personal] year old or model. And I don't know where to call to get the ref filter put in it. My son tried to rewire it, to fix it, to get it to set back up and run when I slam the door. Sometimes it'll come on, sometimes it won't. So, um, now my niece, um, she just went and got a great big one down at Lowe's and I think it was like [PHI-Account] she said $[PHI-Account] which is, it's a really nice one. And that would be my game plan. But like, I, I just don't have the money. I don't have the funds. Now, my allergist, my allergy doctor, um, he had suggested the older one, he gave me a pamphlet, a place to go and order it this, that and other thing. But, um, they're like, those kind of ones are like $1200 for a full apartment, uh, dehumidifier and air thing, air purifier and it's all in one, but I just don't have the money to do that. I don't have the money to do that kind of. And I said, well, my, could you put it through my insurance to see if my insurance could help me get something. And he said, unfortunately, not with this company, but I didn't. And then he, he retired, so I just kind of stuck it underneath my paperwork. I think I still have the paperwork in a file somewhere, but I don't know, probably where my medical things are, probably have it in there, but I can't afford it. I can't afford something like that.
Nurse: Yeah, I know those air, those air systems are expensive. I know a lot of people which is hotter and more humid down here but a lot of people, um, like those, uh, air conditioners that you can, the units that you can install up on your wall. But they're, I think when we looked at them for, um, for our house, they were like, I wanna say 5 $600 a piece. And I mean, you would think they would have certain things set aside for insurance purposes for people like you that need something in their house.
Patient: Um, yes, definitely.
Nurse: Um, I wish I was more, um, more helpful circumstances in regards to that because I mean, humidity levels can make it feel suffocating when it's really humid. Um, just,
Patient: That's exactly the way I feel. Sometimes. Like my mom will say you're having trouble, you're having trouble getting deep breaths, you're having trouble. And I'll say mom, I know I am. I, I drive my heart. I said, and it seems to be the older I get the worse. Now. Um, if I take off for a walk, I'm, I'm just scared because I don't have anybody with me and when I take off in my kitchen from point A to point B and I'm in there just to grip up a storm trying to get done whatever I got on. What I, you know, I sometimes have to grab a hold of something and I'm like, if I, if I would go for a long walk, you know, I'm down here on the river road, I've got trees all over but it's not, you know, I don't, I'm just, when I don't have the clarity, I'm losing my, my, my balance like that and I know I'm either impacted in my sinuses or I've got it in my chest and I don't even realize that, but this seems to be more feeling in the chest but it doesn't feel like you're not having any COVID. No, it doesn't feel, it doesn't feel like a COVID thing. It just feels like a foul air that I got sick from that. I'm coming out of, you know what I'm saying kind of thing. Uh Cause my son de described COVID and he's an athlete. I mean, he works out, he body builds, you know, they wanted him to go to be body builder like a APAP a at some point. And he said, no, I'm getting married and I'm a kid. But anyway, so he's real, never smoked. I mean, he's real, real, real, real, real, real strict. And he had COVID now three times and he, because of the environment work and people, he's around so many thousands of people. Um, uh, but he told me that the breathing to, to breathe it burn. And he was one to like, walk mountains, hike mountains. Him and his wife, you know, were adamant to do this play baseball and leads and that, and he said to breathe was, uh, it, it burnt, it hurt, it was so bad. And he said, mom, he's had pneumonia. He's had different things as a child. And he said, mom, I never experienced anything like this. And it took him well, one year he got it and he said his still through his breathing smell and his taste. And then, then he turned around and get it again. And he said, mom, I don't know if it'll ever come back the way it was. Yeah, I just don't
Nurse: Know. Yeah. I mean, I'm, I, I agree with him because, I mean, I've just between, because I used to work in a hospital. I worked in a hospital when the pandemic hit. So, I mean, I've had it four times now.
Patient: Oh, my
Nurse: Gosh. And, um, the first time, the first two times I felt like that, like I couldn't even, um, because I mean, I stay pretty active, not like, to his extent by no means. But, um, but like, just going and like, going out running errands and stuff and, like, w working at the hospital, um, like you get very short of breath. So, um, yeah, I mean, normally I know the last two times I had it, I just felt like I had a really bad sinus infection. Like I had a really bad migraine the whole time. It really wasn't breathing anymore. But those first two times I think it affects everybody differently though honestly. But, um, and,
Patient: And every, uh my sister said she had it now they had it a back to back four times, right back the back and she said every time was a different kind of feeling and her husband was saying the same thing. Mhm. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, my husband never got it somehow. Uh, I don't know how he never got it. Um, but I mean, the biggest thing is what we tell people is of course, eating a balanced diet, higher fruits and vegetables because you get those extra anti oxidative antibody stuff like that. That's in those fruits and vegetables and then like practicing good sleep hygiene, um handling stress. Well, um, and then of course, limiting your smoking and drinking because that's gonna, um, cause issues with your body because they're, they affect your body in different ways and then of course, washing your hands regularly and practice social distancing. Um, but with everything changing now because I know they lifted up, I think they changed it a month or so ago where they lifted the Nationwide Protocol. So, um, everybody's a lot more lax on it now. Do you
Patient: Still use the hand stuff? I do.
Nurse: Um, I'm, I know this is weird. I'm just more for actually washing my hands, like, with soap and water because I don't, I will, I do have sanitizer in my purse, but I'm one of those weird people. I don't like the feeling of like old and lotions on my hands.
Patient: So
Nurse: I, I, it's
Patient: Just a phobia. You
Nurse: Don't like it. Um, I really don't like, I can't stand it and, um, like my mom made fun of me forever because I wouldn't put lotion on my legs after shaving my legs and I was like, I cannot stand the feeling of it and she's like your skin is gonna dry out. I'm like, I will deal with it. I'm not. So, um, I'm more, I'm more of a person like if I do have to do stuff like that, I'm immediately going to, um, wash my hands before as quick as, um, but, uh, now, did you want, did you want me to schedule you an appointment with a provider
Patient: This week to talk to. So, honey, I don't think so. I think I'll be, I think I'll be out of it. But, you know, I, it'll, it'll kick here at some point maybe when I get my back injections and my body lifts a little bit from the pain itself too. Could be pulling on me double damage. Yeah. I
Nurse: Mean, and pain is gonna make you feel tired and wore out too. I mean, especially with, like you having the fibromyalgia, it's gonna cause that extreme fatigue, the flu. Yeah. And, um, like the tenderness and then stuff like that. Um,
Patient: Oh, honey. And it does, it does, like I, I said, the one time that the doctor one day, why does it hurt so bad? What's wrong with me? My, he said he screamed at me. You've got osteoarthritis so bad. And I, and then I thought to myself, so you got fibromyalgia. It's not gonna get worse. It's just gonna get, you know, it's not gonna get any, 100%. You're gonna, you know, it's not, you've had it for too long. It's not. Um, and, you know, that's why they put me on the pain meds so bad because of the back and that. And, um,
Nurse: Um, just, definitely right now. Yeah, make sure you're staying hydrated, taking all of your, um, allergy medications. Um, hopefully you can get this nerve block scheduled, um, here pretty
Patient: Soon and it, it's a 28 pen. Yes, it's a 28 and I'm hoping it really does. I mean, you don't realize how those steroids. I said, not only do you help with this whole, uh, the, the spinal nerve block or whatever you're doing there? Um, I, I said, but you just, the steroid itself helps with high, the allergen, the feeling of being sick, it feels with, uh, the fibromyalgia, the body ache, the, the fatigue because I can move more. I just, yeah, I've
Nurse: Had, um, I've had those shots before too. I know they, they do help a lot when you're taking them as you're supposed to. Um, they do help a lot. Um, just, uh, just remember after you take it though, always rest for those first few days because that risk of the tendon rupture and stuff with steroids being directly injected into your body and, oh, just take it easy. Drink plenty of water. All that fun stuff. Which I imagine you already know. Well,
Patient: Honey, I didn't never realize that, uh, the steroid into the tendon. I never heard anybody and he just said, oh, do what I tell you to do. So, one time I didn't. And I thought, I thought, oh, I feel good. I'm taking off and I started out for a five mile walk and I'll tell you what, yeah, they, for like a week,
Nurse: Yeah, those steroid injections. They do good for, um, inflammation and helps with pain. But the more you repeat them because of course, you can get them 2 to 3 times a year, depending on which ones you're getting. And they can make those ligaments and tendons more fragile. So that's why they're telling you to take it easy those first couple of days after it. So that way you're not over paying
Patient: That to me. I wonder if that's why he's put me instead of three months, four months out. Now, that could be because of
Nurse: That could be because a lot of people will only do them 2 to 3 times a year. So if he was doing them every four months, that would put you at three times a year,
Patient: That's what he's doing. Uh I was saying, why can't you do? You said three, you can do me every three months. What are you doing? Why are you waiting for me? Because I'm in pain in three months. You know, and, and that
Nurse: Might be why?
Patient: Oh my gosh, isn't it something Lord sends people your way to help? Thank you. Ok. I explain that one to my daughter because I just been going on about that for about a year. Yeah, she's like, I don't know, my doctor will do whatever I need.
Nurse: Yeah, a lot of doctors are starting to do this either two or three times a year just because that risk of that tendon or ligament rupture is um there is like that minor risk always with any, um, procedure. But that's probably why he did that.
Patient: He stopped giving me, he used to give me the finger and put medicine, uh, to help with pain. But we stopped that. I'm like, uh, he said, hold still, hold still. I'm like, oh, my gosh. I don't know if I can do this. Do you ready to go get surgery? No, go ahead. You know. But, um, yeah, and now my daughter said her doctor because she's younger though. I, you know, she's younger. Yeah. But he still gives her the, uh, finger and, um, uh, what did they call that? The, the little IV, there in the finger? Uh, yeah, it's like a little needle that, uh, they put, uh, pain med in for before she has hers now. And my doctor used to do that. But he said to me I think you're strong enough and I'm like, ok, ok. Yeah. So he stopped that about two years ago and, and every time it's just so right and hurts so bad. But immediately after he pulls all the stuff out immediately I am in no pain. I'm in no pain for like, 2.5 months, three months. Yeah. I feel like rocky. Well,
Nurse: That's good. It makes you feel that good. Um, but, uh, but what I'll probably do is I'll probably at least give you an, um, at least bother you at least one more time this month, next week. Just to make sure you're still not having any issues with your allergies. Um, make sure you're not feeling any worse. Um, but definitely if you, um, need anything or you feel worse before then don't hesitate to give me a call. Ok.
Patient: Yeah. And you don't bother me. I'm so thankful to God, I have somebody to talk to, honey. You don't know how thankful to God I am for you.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: You, yeah, I know if I don't get back to you don't think I'm ignoring you. Usually I'm running around. I can check on my head.
Nurse: No, you're fine. Um but uh but I will definitely be calling and checking on you at least one more time next week. Um, again if you need anything, give me a call if you need anything before then. Um but I do hope you have a good night and I hope you start feeling better.
Patient: You too sweetheart. Thank you. Bye. Thank you. Bye.
