Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal]. How may I help you?
Patient: Uh, yes, hi. This is, uh, [PHI-Personal]. Hi. Did you just called me?
Nurse: Yes, I was returning your call from yesterday.
Patient: Yes. Ok. Now what I, what I have to, uh, ok, this is complicated. I need to talk to Doctor [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Ok. What's going on?
Patient: Ok. Ok. Uh, I went through everything and they find, uh, do you have my chart in there?
Nurse: Yes, I do. But I just have your chart for Doctor [PHI-Personal]. So, um, so anything else that you have, like as far as the, um, the specialist? I don't have that information yet?
Patient: Ok. Well, I wanna, I don't know which specialist I should go. Should I go to the, uh, well, Spain or should I go to up? Um, uh, Doctor [PHI-Personal] need to tell me which specialist I should go for my problem.
Nurse: So, did, when you, um, went for your results, did they not, um, advise on which ways to go
Patient: The result? It's cancer?
Nurse: Ok. So did they, did they say which, where to go? They didn't advise on the best place?
Patient: No, they, they said that no, quite, uh, No. What is that? But the sink it in the ovary.
Nurse: Ok. Are they not gonna refer you to anyone?
Patient: I am confused because they, I don't, I don't even know who's calling me for. The specialist. I wanted the doctor to tell me whose specialist I should go to because he's my doctor for [PHI-Personal] years. Um, you know,
Nurse: Are you right now you're going to the cancer care Associate of [PHI-Geographic]? Isn't that where you went? Is that where you went for your appointment?
Patient: Yeah, but that, that the specialist was no for what I needed and he was more or less for the lung cancer. Ok. So normally they,
Nurse: Yeah, normally what happens is MS [PHI-Personal], they supposed to refer you to the doctor that you're needing to go to regarding that cancer. So, did they not inform you of that or are you just not sure? Do you need help to know what you need to do? Because doctor [PHI-Personal] is not gonna know we don't have the report back yet. So he's not gonna know which way to go until we get the info information from the cancer care associates. So the only thing I can do is to see where they're going to refer you or either you call there to see where they're going to refer you because we don't have your notes back yet from your visit. So as far as I know in Doctor [PHI-Personal], we don't know that you have cancer yet because they haven't
Patient: Sent you all your information. No doctor called me. He told me no doctor. They, they know everything because he told me he wanted me to go to wells. And uh so I did there, I went there but they gave me the wrong doctor. Uh That was not the, the do that. I don't know what the specialist call but the one they gave me was for more or less, I think breast cancer or lung cancer, but I don't have any of that. Ok. I'm confused man. I, I, I'm really confused. Now, this is the another problem I have. I wanna go back home. My, my sister just called me from [PHI-Personal], from [PHI-Personal], [PHI-Geographic]. And uh they don't know anything about that. I'm sick. I don't want them to know until I know what is what and I, I wanna go to see them and stay with them about a month, but I don't know how much time I have. So I can't make any decision until I get the doctor, the specialist to tell me what to do. Now, I'm no worry about going to the room and if I get sick because I have all my records in there, they can, they got a very good doctor, a very good hospital. So it's the same thing that you got here so that I'm not worry about if something happened over there that I would be taking care of just and don't really have to pay. No, no, you don't. If you get sick, even if you know an American, uh an Italian, you can still, as long as you're on the soil you're taking care of. Well, that's what Christ say. Don't have to take care of one another, love one another, but this country doesn't know, just love the book. But, uh that's ok. That's ok. Uh Some day maybe we can see the lake. But, uh, I, I'm not worried about getting sick there at all. I mean, in [PHI-Geographic] we did just as good as here. So I'm no, you know, ah, I'm not worry about that but, uh, uh, have to let them know what I have and I, but I can't do it without somebody telling me what exactly it is and how much time I have or what's, what a aspect, what happened. Uh, all those things I need to see a specialist, you know?
Nurse: Ok. So the, the thing I can do is I will send the office a message. Um, so can you be specific? So, basically you're asking me, you want to know which specialist that doctor recommends for you to go to regarding the cancer that you have? Is that the right understanding?
Patient: Yeah. And tell him that, well, he, he does have a, the report because he called him, he called me the day. So, and, uh, so he doesn't know what they think I have and the specialist is, I don't know what they call it. Hon, it's women organs. I don't know. Like, uh, the U
Nurse: G.
Patient: No, it's another name for it. It is. That's one of it. Yeah. But I, I, no, I don't know what it is. Sweetie. It has to do with the, probably the lymph nodes or something like that. It's complicated because our body is so complicated. I'm painful. You never know what's in it, you know. So, if you can help me out now, the first thing that we ought to do is get a specialist so they can see me. Yes, that's what I need to do.
Nurse: Yeah. And so I'm gonna send him a message regarding it because, like I said, I don't know where the cancer, like, we don't have a report. I know you're saying doctor knows, I don't know if the doctor personally called him but I don't have a report in your chart of this information. So I'm gonna have to ask them to send it over so that we know because right now I don't have a lot of information myself.
Patient: Yeah. But this, I don't know. What's the name, the professional name? It's a, it's a long Latin name. The, what I have but it has to do, uh, with the, uh, women organs, you know, they, they, they, uh, they think that that's what it is. I don't have no lumps anywhere. It's no, I don't have, they can't find anything that, you know, it's there. But they, they, that's what they, they hanging at, it's the women's organ, not the breast, the breast is fine. Ok. It's a, it's more to think about the ovary
Nurse: Like a inguinal.
Patient: Yeah, I can't. Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. Well, I will send him a message and then once I hear back something I will follow up with you.
Patient: Yeah. Call me right away because I need to see a specialist because the doctor said they got pills that I can take and and here I am, you know, one week and II I don't have anybody to and it's not fault because he tried to help but he said just a a doctor, you know, he but he, you know, I I trust him. He's been my daughter for [PHI-Personal] years so I trust him, you know, he knows all my family. So I if it's ok, can you go, can you get on there as quick as you can?
Nurse: I'm gonna send a message. I cannot determine how quick they will get back with me but I will go ahead and send a message to them.
Patient: Ok? And, and tell them it's important I need to see somebody specialty you know. Ok, sweetie. Alrighty, call me back. I will. Ok. Thank you. You no problem. Bye bye bye.
