Nurse: This is [PHI-Personal]. Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal]. How are you doing? I'm good. How are you? I'm doing pretty good. I'm calling because I took the medicine yesterday was the third day, uh, that the doctor wanted me to take, uh, a and also I've been waiting and waiting for that equipment to come to be set up in my apartment, but it hasn't come yet. So hopefully I get it next week or tomorrow or something, you know, the, the equipment I'm talking about. Yeah, let me look. I'm just pulling up your chart right now. What was your date of birth again? Dear August 8, 1941. 0, you have, you have a birthday coming up? Oh, yeah, man. Is it? So you have started taking, let's see. What medication did they start? You on that? You're the, the one for the, for the, ok, the, the antibiotic? Ok. So you finished taking it, right? Yes. For the three days, three times a day. Ok. I finished it yesterday. Ok. And then, um, you were just, did you have a question about that? Oh, no, because I, I still don't have a itch or nothing going on with that. Ok. So you, but your, but your question was if, where the equipment is correct? Yes. Uh huh. Because I haven't received it. Let's see. I know they had messaged and I had to look something up for you the other day for someone. Let's see what they put in here. Ok. I'll tell you what I'll do. Let me, um, do you mind if I place you on a brief hold for just a second? Oh, I don't mind at all. Thank you.
Patient: But I know and we got married when I was young. [PHI-Personal] and now that I'm [PHI-Personal] I'm just tired of the same old lying. Uh, um, some spend a lot of money about it. So I actually did, um, when I was [PHI-Personal], were you married then? No. Ok. I was [PHI-Personal] years old. I wanted to get drunk and have fun and come visit house and I end up going down to friend's house and we had been, I told him he never forget before. He constantly brings it up to every argument and saw me and he slept with about five or six different females. And when I was, um, pregnant I found out I had an STD and we li over and over and I really do know the whole truth and I just don't trust him because he lies about little things. 56 different women did. He did, he did to him, what happened to it? Eventually because I told him I told him to call every single last girl that he slept with and he called and I told him tell them to stop talking, you know, and he called, who made him call all the women that he was sleeping with and tell them that. Cut it out.
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. Ok. I'm actually just gonna reach out to my contact to see if I can get an update on that equipment for you. Ok. Um, have you been checking your BP at home with the one that you have or is it not working at all? The one is not working? Ok. And then so bad I was like, please come please. Yeah, I know you. That way we can keep an eye on that need to be. Yeah, I'm gonna, I'm gonna check out with my resource and see, um, if they have any update on where it's at or if it's been sent out and so we can kind of get like an estimated, uh, like a little eta on it for you. Ok. Um, have you been feeling? Ok. Yeah. Every, sometimes I do get a little, um, I'm just feeling tired, just feeling tired other than that I don't have no pain or nothing ever and I think is being real tired just over tired just I have to stop doing something and when I know anything I'm too tired, I have to stop and lay down or sit down Yeah, that's important to take those risks and just make sure that you're not overdoing it. Ok. Um, let me see what else we got going on here before. Yeah, my
Patient: Job, the phone
Nurse: Because if that, uh, if that, uh, equipment come, I'll call you and let you know it came. Ok. I'm just looking at one thing really quick here,
Patient: You know, I want to, I don't want, you know, and you wanna clean her as much as you want. Exactly. Exactly and she's like. Oh no.
Nurse: Ok. All right well I will um I'll give you a call back and let you know as soon as I find something out. Ok. Ok then and if it come I'll call and let you know. Ok I appreciate that. Oh man. Ok. Alright thank you you're welcome. Ok thank you and have a blessed weekend. You too. Ok.
