Nurse: Good morning, [PHI-Personal]. It's [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Good morning, [PHI-Personal]. I hope I'm not making a bug out of myself. What
Nurse: Can I do for you,
Patient: Darling? Well, here is my issue. I just called the company metcare because nobody got back to me yesterday. So I called them and it was after five. And he said, oh, I see. You're approved blah, blah, blah, blah. But he said call them tomorrow morning. So I just got off the phone with the lady and I must come out to [PHI-Geographic] on Monday right there so that I can be evaluated because nobody has evaluated me, right? And then she wants to uh give me a con conservative conservative device rather than the, the other thing because she said this will just add to the length of the, of the tank you have. Right. So is there any problem with that? And then she explained to me that I can drive and just set the tank on the, on the floor of my car. Well, I didn't know that I have not been driving because I'm scared to death right now that it would hurt me or that it would fall, etcetera. So, Oh.
Nurse: Now, did she say that they would give you the conserving device? And then once the concentrator comes in, they'll give that to you as
Patient: Well. No, she said I'll get the conserving device for 90 days and then if that one doesn't work then they'll think [PHI-Personal] the concentrator. But she kept telling me that the concentrator isn't any lighter than the, the ones that I have and that it wouldn't really help me. So I, I'm really confused because everybody tells you something else, right?
Nurse: And the order is for a concentrator. So I'm not sure.
Patient: Yeah, she says to me, she said, I'm sorry for the mix up. I said, so am I? And then she says, oh, you must be on oxygen for four weeks. And she said, oh, I see you are. I said yes I am. But then she wanted to know if I go out of the house for 20 hours a week. And I said, well, only if somebody takes me because I haven't been driving, right? And she said, well, why haven't you been driving? And I explained to her that I was scared with the tank. And she said, well, what are you afraid that the tank will explode? I said now, but what if it falls down while I'm driving, et cetera, et cetera? Right? Well, set it on the, the seat. So it, to be perfectly truthful, I'm not very happy with this company.
Nurse: I can. Yeah, I understand. Absolutely. And,
Patient: And I mean, I even have you as my advocate to check on it? Yes. And she, she said, oh, I said, I thought somebody was coming yesterday and she said, oh, no, I didn't tell her that somebody was coming. I said that they were supposed to call you. Yeah. Well, they didn't. So I didn't go for dinner with my two sisters and my sister is here from [PHI-Geographic]. So it's like, you know. Yeah. I don't mean to be unkind or not. Listen, I do listen very carefully and I will go out there and try driving. But you understand. But I'm doctor [PHI-Personal], I do.
Nurse: Yes. And it is perfectly ok to put your tank on the floor in the passenger seat. Um, that way you don't have to worry [PHI-Personal] it tipping over.
Patient: I, that's what she said, but nobody has ever told me that, that I could take the tank and fed it somewhere. Hm. You know what I'm saying? They gave me that they, he showed me how to fill it and that was it. My goodness.
Nurse: Um, let me see.
Patient: I don't know if you wanna check on it, uh, because she definitely made the order to be for conservative.
Nurse: Conservative.
Patient: Yeah, that, that put on top of the tank, which means that makes it even heavier. Absolutely.
Nurse: And the order that we sent over was not for a conserving device. It was for a portable concentrator.
Patient: Right. And she said, well, the portable concentrator that we have will be as much as your bottles. I said, really? She said, yeah, maybe a little bit. Oh, lighter, lighter. And II, I said, I like you to imagine that you're walking around with five lbs of groceries for half an hour. Now, make it six hours of groceries for half an hour. Right. Wouldn't that make you much tired? All? Absolutely. Well, she didn't answer that. Hm. So I feel like I'm spending all this time, you know, worrying [PHI-Personal] it and making sure that I'm doing what I need to do. Absolutely. And nothing is happening. And now this, so I figured I'll call you. I don't know if you want to call on that again and go from there or what we want to do. I might go to [PHI-Geographic] in [PHI-Geographic] on Monday, the 17 at 10 a.m.
Nurse: Ok. And, well, that's for your evaluation. Right. I would talk to the respiratory therapist as well, um, at that appointment and just let him know that the, you know, you feel that the tanks are a little too cumbersome for you and the concentrator would be easier as you wouldn't have to fill it and you wouldn't have to worry [PHI-Personal] how much time you're spending outside the home. You know, and it would give you a little bit more independence even if it is, say a pound or two lighter than the the tank that you're carrying, it's so, it, it's not going to be as cumbersome, it's gonna be a square box instead of a round cylinder. All right. So I would explain that to the respiratory therapist too. Um, and I will also reach out to doctor and let him know of the obstacle that we have run into. I'm not sure that I would have any pull. Um,
Patient: Well, you know what I want you to know, I'm one of those patients. I always have something different for everybody else. And that's the account. Yeah, I know. Not a problem. Yeah. Doctor called me, calls me his miracle patient because I've had cancer five times. I've had encephalitis. Uh, you know, you name it, you name it.
Nurse: You've had it. My
Patient: Goodness. Yeah. And one of those that's really lucky to get just [PHI-Personal] everything that nobody else gets. My goodness. And then of course it's always a problem to get to the next step, you know, with this. Ok.
Nurse: I know. It's frustrating.
Patient: Have you as a, as an in between? And still nothing gets resolved.
Nurse: I know. And sometimes it, it's very hard, um, with some of these companies doesn't matter
Patient: How much, very much of that. That's, uh, that and, well, I have called you, I've let you know what I found out and I'm going to take my car out for a little while and see how I do.
Nurse: Ok. And
Patient: Definitely haven't driven at all since I'm old. Oh, makes sense, doesn't it? It,
Nurse: It does. Honestly, I mean, I, I feel the same as you. Um, but I would definitely on Monday, you know, voice your concerns with the respiratory therapist, um, because they are the doctor so to speak. Um, so I would voice that to him and I will also let doctor know of what we've run into and if there's anything else that we can do on our end, um,
Patient: And I appreciate that you what I really do, you know a problem. I
Nurse: Do.
Patient: So it's like, ok, I think I have done what I can. I've made the phone calls I needed to make, uh, you know, how much more can I do? There's really nothing that I can do.
Nurse: I know. I know, but we will, we'll figure this out. We will. I
Patient: Know we will figure it out for you. I appreciate it. I tell you what if doctor wasn't as great a doctor as he is, I wouldn't be after all this time, you know. So, and I've been for ever since he opened his practice the first year.
Nurse: Oh my gosh, that's a long time.
Patient: 30 or more years. Like, and he is the one who literally discovered every one of my cancers. Oh, my goodness. Yeah. And made sure that I got the help and the care that I needed, right? Because I am convinced that if he hadn't taken care of me I'd probably be dead today, you know. So. Right.
Nurse: Well, I'm glad to not here.
Patient: Yeah, me too.
Nurse: All right love. I will let him know. Ok,
Patient: Thank you very much. I appreciate. You're very welcome. Ok, talk to you later. Have a good day. You too be safe. I will. Thank you. Mm bye bye bye bye.
