Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi [PHI-Personal]. This is calling um I just picked up a message that you left for me quite a while ago. Um, I am a patient of doctor [PHI-Personal] and I believe you called me to talk about the care program.
Nurse: Oh, sure. Yeah, the care management program. Ok, let me just um, get your chart open here. What did you say your last name was again?
Patient: [PHI-Personal]?
Nurse: All right, let's see here. Alrighty, I got it open here. Yeah, it looks like um I called um let's see some time in May probably. Yeah, sometime in May. Yeah, so I was just calling to go over the care management program with you. Um I will be the nurse that will be calling you monthly, um, just to check in on you and see how everything's going. Um, if you have any questions or concerns, you can certainly call me at any time. Um, if you need any refills on medications, you can definitely, um, call me and I can send those in for you or just, you know, any information at all, whether it's, you know, just wanting to go over um, the office note with doctor der from like last month or something. Like, say you forgot something in the note. I can always go over it with you. Um, I basically have a direct line to doctor s office so I can let them know of anything, any updates, any changes. Um, so that, that's pretty much it. Um, like I said, I'll be calling monthly but you can call me at any time. Um, Monday through Friday, Um, 8 to 4 30. And, um, the other thing I did want to go over with you, um, are your medications? I just have to make sure that these are all up to date. Ok. Um, so if I just run through this list here, would you be able to tell me what you're still taking? Sure. Ok, perfect. Um, ok. So I have Anastrozole at one mg daily. Uh, all right, I've got Lipitor or, um, atorvastatin is another name for that at 20 mg. Yes. Um, clonazePAM or Klonopin. I have that just, uh, twice a day as needed. I
Patient: Have that prescription but I use it very rarely, but once a while I use it to sleep. Ok. So I have it, but I don't take it every day, I mean, at all.
Nurse: Ok. And then I also have, let's see, Lexapro at 20 mg daily. Is that
Patient: Escitalopram?
Nurse: Oh, yes, exactly. I'm sorry. That's ok.
Patient: Yes, I take
Nurse: That. All right. And then I have, um, Flonase nasal spray. Yes. I've got, um, a Flovent inhaler.
Patient: Um, I'm not taking that now, but I may start that up soon. My insurance changed. I'm on [PHI-Personal] and it, it was very expensive but I may go back to that and try it again. So, yes, I have it. I don't want it taken off my prescription list.
Nurse: Right. Exactly. I was gonna say I'll just leave it on the list. Um, I don't want to take anything off there and then, um, we'll leave it there. Ok. Um, I also do have Ibuprofen just as needed. I,
Patient: Ok. I mean, I hardly ever take that.
Nurse: But, yeah. Yeah. Um, I think it might have been put on the list like a while ago. Um, it just says historical provider on here. So, um, yeah, it looks like it was back in like [PHI-Personal]. It was put on there. So, yeah, it's been a while. Um, and then I also have Singulair at, uh, 10 MGS daily. Yes. All right. And then it looks like the last one I have here is PriLOSEC or omeprazole at 40 Mgs daily.
Patient: I don't take that daily, but I want it left on the list.
Nurse: Sure. Yeah, I'll definitely leave it on there. Ok. Um, that are, that, is all the medications I have here are, am I missing anything or no? I had
Patient: A bunch of prescriptions from, um, another doctor, a pulmonologist, but I don't, I don't take those regularly. They were inhaler. Ok. I don't do that.
Nurse: All right. Well, sounds good and then I do just wanna confirm. Hold on let me pull up. Um, your main pharmacy is the Walgreens in Flowertown, right? Yes. On Bethlehem Pike. Ok, perfect. Just like to make sure that that is up to date and then um I do also just wanna make sure hold on let me pull up this other. So um I will send out a letter as well um just with my contact information name and all that um just so you have it um and I do wanna make sure that I'm sending it to the right address so I have let's see hold on taking a while to load here um [PHI-Geographic] um hold [PHI-Geographic]. Yes. Ok perfect I just wanna make sure that's right and then we've got all your insurance in there. Alright so that is pretty much it. Um do you have any questions for me at all?
Patient: Yeah um when is my next yearly check up? I can't I have no recollection of when I
Nurse: Let me
Patient: See here and all that kind of stuff. When was that?
Nurse: Let's see if I can pull it up here. Um hm my goodness where is it? So I don't see anything listed um with Doctor [PHI-Personal] I see just an [PHI-Personal] mammogram and then [PHI-Personal] um I think it's Doctor [PHI-Personal] appointment. Um yeah I don't see, um, anything with doctor though. Um, it looks like, let me see. Ok, so your last, I'm trying to see when your last, um, ok, so it looks like the last annual Wellness visit might have been last [PHI-Personal], I think. Hold on, let me, I think
Patient: I met with [PHI-Personal] at that point. I'm not sure. Let's see.
Nurse: Yeah, I see the one from [PHI-Personal] then I'm not seeing, I do see a bunch of, um, they're not, they're just not labeled as annual Wellness visits, but, um, I do see a bunch of visits from like last, um, August [PHI-Personal]. Um, are you wanting to get that scheduled your annual Wellness visit? Ok. All right. Let me see here. I'll have to, um, let's see here. So I'll have to, um, call doctor's office or, um, if you wanna call whatever is easier for you, I can certainly do that for you. Um, that's for the, yeah, for the annual. Yep. Ok, I'll do that. Yeah. Ok. Um Sounds good. So, like I said, I'll be reaching out um, monthly. Um, but if you can call me at any time if you need anything. Ok.
Patient: Yeah, I do have another question which sure or may not have any idea about. Um, I had um, breast reconstruction in [PHI-Personal], so it's been quite some time um, in the last month or so. So I have a lot of internal probably scarring and, you know, um, so on but nothing has ever bothered me in the last month or so. I have been experiencing, um, something inside like a real and I, you know, I googled it, of course, you know, and it's, uh, not unusual. I didn't think it would be, it, it might be scar tissue, it might be an adhesion, it might be something but it really gives me a, a pretty sharp stabbing pain or very big sting or like something's being ripped. It's not being ripped, but it feels like
Nurse: That. Right. Right.
Patient: OK. That's been like, say for the last month or if I get into bed and I lean over to my side, it really pulls now. I mean, I can live with that but I want to find out, you know, should I and I was wondering, should I call, you know, I had two surgeons who did that. One was the oncologist who did the breast, you know, the mastectomy and she worked in a team um with doctor Wou from Penn to do the reconstruction, right? Who should I call doctor Wu
Nurse: Um do is doctor w that's the surgeon you said? Yeah, there were
Patient: Two surgeons, one was the oncologist, not the oncologist, but the breast surgeon from um and the other one was doctor from Penn who did the reconstruction and they worked as a team. So doctor was the one who, you know, finished up, you know, did the transplant of my abdomen to my chest, you know?
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, I yes, I would definitely recommend calling them just to let them know what your symptoms are. Um you know, just to make sure everything is ok there. I would definitely call them since they did the surgery. Yeah, for sure. Ok. Alrighty. Well, sounds good like I said, I'm gonna send out the letter um and then like I said, you can call me at any time. Ok? All right. Well sounds good you have a good rest of your day and I'll be touching base with you next month. Thank you, Kate. You're welcome you have a good day. Bye bye bye.
