Nurse: Good morning. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Uh, it's hi,
Nurse: How are you? Well, I'm good. How are you? Well,
Patient: I, I don't really know. I called wellcare. Ok. And they informed me that I had to have a prescription in order to get the shingles shot. Now, they couldn't tell me what my copay would be until I had a prescription. Now, these people are crazy.
Nurse: Yeah, I've never done
Patient: That. They don't speak English very well. That,
Nurse: Oh, no.
Patient: So then I called CV S Pharmacy. Ok. And she told me that my copay would be $200 per shot. That and I asked her about that and she said a lot of times they don't like you to get the shots here. They prefer you get them in your doctor's office.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: Um, so, uh, I, I, I'm kind of up a crack because, uh, I never questioned getting the shing. I've gotten the flu shot at the doctor's office, uh, but I've never gotten a shingles shot.
Nurse: Ok. Um, so I did some research here on my end, um, after we had gotten off the phone and one of the things that I didn't even really think about, um, was that you could go to your local health department, um, and get the shingles shot there and because those typically are free or very, very, very minimal copay if anything at all. Um, because the local health department
Patient: Department I've never done.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, they, they actually have, um, they actually do like the, um, because it's like a pre, again, not one of those preventative things. They usually have like the flu shots and um, your typical, um, I know like kid wise, um, they have all of the, the needed um, kid shots and immunizations there as well. Um, just something, uh, something to try. Um, you know, as far as is, um, to, if you wanna do, if you wanna get the shingles shot and um, since it is the, the two doses there, it is, you know, typically, um, we're finding that a lot of people are getting them able to get them for free are very, very minimal, minimal copay. Um, that would be something that you could try as well instead of having to go through like, um, you know, the pharmacy, the local pharmacies. Um, or we could see when you, because you said you go in uh [PHI-Personal] 1st for your follow up with doctor, correct? Ok. Um, or you could check with him too when you go in to see if that would be something they could give you there in the, the office. Um, and see if that, that would be an option or you could check with the local health department and, and see if they, they would be able to give that to you. Um, they typically have lots of those, of those, um, you know, different uh I immunizations there. They're able to do a plethora of immu immunizations. So definitely something to, to check into you can, you can do it either, you know, whichever way, whichever way you'd like. Um, you know, those are just some options that when I was doing some research on here on my end, I, uh, had kind of over thought that one and didn't even, didn't even think to mention it when we were on the phone before. That's my apologies. Um,
Patient: Uh, I just, uh, I've lived here all my life and never dealt with the health department. Don't even know where it is.
Nurse: Ok. Let me see. Um, let me get, uh, let me see if I can get address and phone number and all that here for you. Let me, um, give me just a second as my computer has a spasm here. Um, it's just not being friendly today. Um, well, you know, it's Tuesday. It's already sick of the week, I think. And one of those, well,
Patient: Yesterday was a holiday. Maybe it over did.
Nurse: I, I'm, that's what I'm thinking. That's got to be, gotta be something along that lines. Um, and you are in
Patient: [PHI-Personal]?
Nurse: Ok. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. I was kinda kind of shocked when you said that as far as the, the cost for each shot. That is absolutely
Patient: Crazy. I have talked to my friend since I first got this and, you know, they've gotten it and they paid $49 you know, uh, something like that. But no, none of them have ever said anything about a copay like mine.
Nurse: That is just crazy. Crazy. Excuse me? Crazy. That's not something that, um, that I would have ever thought that I would ever hear to me. I, I'm like, hm, that's just, that's just interesting. Kind of took me by surprise.
Patient: You see, you learn something new every
Nurse: Day. Oh, yes, absolutely. And especially with the way things are with, um, you know, the, uh, what do I wanna say with the, the, the insurances and all that stuff, different things that they'll pay for, they won't pay for different plans and it's just crazy. Um, let's see here. Oh, my goodness. This is like [PHI-Personal] slow today. I tell you what, goodness, I wasn't expecting it to be so slow. Um, let's see. Right. How far is, um, like Williamsport to you? Uh, is it a ways?
Patient: It's a half an hour? That's where my doctor's office is.
Nurse: Right. Yeah, I just wanted to try to take into perspective here as to how far you far you were from everything. Um, let's do this. Let me looks
Patient: Like there's one in. Ok. Ok. I just pulled, I just pulled up, I typed it in my computer. See, mine works faster than
Nurse: Your, I think. I think you're winning today because I'm, I'm batting 1000 a day. I tell you what, I apologize for this. This is crazy. Oh, I don't know why it's so
Patient: [PHI-Personal] health department, political organization and office.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. Does it give much for house? Ok.
Patient: So it is [PHI-Geographic]. Ok. Ok. Yeah,
Nurse: Check in, check into, um, that location for, um, seeing if they do, um, immunizations and if they'd be able to give you, um, you know, give you the, the shingles shot and kind of what their, what their cost would be there. Um, otherwise just kind of check around and, and see, you know, see what would, what would be the best, um, location because I, I, you know, I don't know, location wise too, you know, some of them do, some of them don't, but definitely check around and see the ones that are, are close to you and see what they, what they've got to offer there for you.
Patient: Um, I will
Nurse: Do that. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. And then otherwise double check with doctor if you don't get anywhere, double check with doctor when you go into the office on, at the beginning of [PHI-Personal], um, and see if they can give that to you, um, with, you know, little to no cost if it, it, I, you know, typically when you go to the office it seems to be, seems to be cheaper that way sometimes too. So just some different ideas there for you.
Patient: Well, I appreciate it, sweetie. Thank you very much for your
Nurse: Help. Not a problem, Sandra, you have a good rest of your day and we'll talk next month. Ok. All right. Thank you. Bye.
