Nurse: Thank you for calling [PHI-Personal] Medical Group. My name is [PHI-Personal]. How may I help you? Yeah, somebody
Patient: Called me from [PHI-Personal] Medical Group.
Nurse: And what is your name? And what is your name? Hello? Can you hear me? Hello? Can you hear me? And no? Can you hear me? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Can you hear me? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello. Can you hear me
Patient: Finally?
Nurse: Yes, I'm so sorry. I don't know what happened. Um, what is your name?
Patient: Yoda [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Ok. Let me get you pulled back up in my system real fast. Ok. All right. So we are on a recorded line for quality purposes. But the reason for the call today is doctor [PHI-Personal] is providing a new care management program that she thought that you could benefit from and what the care management program is. It's where a dedicated nurse will call you in between office visits. She'll provide you with any assistance on your current health conditions. The care nurse can help you with medications, lab results and community resources. What the care nurse will do is she'll give you a call, she'll check in, see how you're doing. Make sure everything is going ok. And that you're doing well while the care nurse is on the phone with you, she'll document your responses and provide a direct report to Doctor [PHI-Personal]. The reports, help Doctor [PHI-Personal] to stay up to date on your wellbeing. And if she sees anything of concern in the reports, she'll make sure it does get addressed right away and this will not replace any office visits that you might have with doctor [PHI-Personal]. But it does help her to be able to perform a more comprehensive office visit. When those do occur. The whole purpose of the program is to make sure that you are staying as safe and healthy as possible in between those office visits. And it's a way for you to always have a nurse on hand if you need it. And the program is a billable service with [PHI-Personal], [PHI-Personal] advantage and secondary insurances. It's considered an office visit. So it may be subject to coinsurance, deductibles and copays. I do see here that you have [PHI-Personal] and that you also have a ARP. Is that correct? Yeah. And do you have any copays when you see Doctor [PHI-Personal] in the office?
Patient: II, I don't know. II, I have no idea. My husband usually does that [PHI-Personal], but I don't think I have a copay when I here. Ok.
Nurse: So with, with traditional [PHI-Personal], it does cover 80% of the cost of the program while that remaining 20% will go to your secondary insurance. Like I said, the financial responsibility is the same as saying, Doctor [PHI-Personal] in the office and you can always adjust your call frequency. The care nurse can reach out either once a month, once every two months, every three months or every six months. You also have the option of being able to reach out to your care nurse when you have questions about your health. If you needed any help with prescription refills or prescription costs, the care management nurse can also help with setting up appointments, rescheduling appointments and she can help expedite appointments. And like I said, this is just an added benefit to making sure that you are staying as safe and healthy as possible in between your office visits with doctor [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Yeah. So what am I supposed to say?
Nurse: Well, if you would like to be part of the program, we can get you enrolled today. It's a quick enrollment process and if you're not sure, just yet, I can always send out some additional information about the program that would have the nurses contact information. So if you decide the program is for you, you could always reach out or if you ever needed the care management nurse, you'd be able to reach out as well.
Patient: Well, um it sounds fine to me. Um I just don't know about the insurance
Nurse: And one thing you can do is if you wanted to sign up today and get your initial call with the care management nurse and kind of see how that goes and like you can opt out of the program at any point or just that call frequency at any point as well.
Patient: Ok. Well, um, like I say, if you had anybody who uses the same insurance as I do,
Nurse: Yes. And typically, um, if, if you do not have a copay, um, then there would be no out of pocket expense with the A RP. Um, they typically tend to pick up that remaining 20% of the program. And then, um, let me see here, I'm just pulling up your cards in the system. Um, so typically with the card that you do have, typically that A RP will pick up that remaining 20%.
Patient: Ok. Well, it sounds sensible.
Nurse: Would you prefer morning or afternoon calls with the care management nurse?
Patient: Um, I think early afternoon, early
Nurse: Afternoon. Ok. And then not,
Patient: But most of the mornings I'm busy.
Nurse: Ok. That's not a problem at all. And then, um, I'll send out a welcome letter to the program. It's gonna have the nurses contact information. So if you need to get in touch with her is the [PHI-Geographic] in still a good mailing address. Yeah. Ok,
Patient: Perfect number. I think it'd be best if you use the box number.
Nurse: Ok. And what is that gonna be?
Patient: [PHI-Geographic],
Nurse: That's PO box. 3914.
Patient: No, [PHI-Account]
Nurse: [PHI-Account]. Ok. And is that still gonna be in grow in um [PHI-Geographic]. Yeah. Ok, perfect. Ok. This information will also go to your my chart um and then the care nurse she's gonna reach out within the next couple of weeks to touch base and introduce herself. Like I said, you can adjust your call frequency with her at anytime and you can opt out at any point. Ok. Ok. All right. Do you have any questions?
Patient: Yes, I asked to be on a um cancellation list to see the doctor and I was just wondering how that's going because my appointment has been changed several times.
Nurse: Ok, let me see here. So you're asking about a um prescription?
Patient: No, that answer your question.
Nurse: Yeah, your appointment, your next appointment.
Patient: Yeah, I know when it is. I asked to be on a cancellation list so that if somebody canceled I could move my appointment up.
Nurse: Ok. Let me take a look here. So as of right now, the appointment is still listed as the same. Um, you are still on the cancellation list. So, um they will get in touch with you as soon as something opens up. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Thank you very much.
Nurse: You're very welcome. And I'll get this information sent out and then just expect a call from the care management nurse soon. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Thank you.
Nurse: You're very welcome. And I hope that you have a wonderful rest of your day today with Yoda. Ok.
Patient: Yeah. Bye
Nurse: Bye, bye bye.
