Nurse: Hello. Hello. Hi, this is [PHI-Personal]. Is this [PHI-Personal]? Yes, it
Patient: Is.
Nurse: Hello. Um, so I was calling to, excuse me, go over the care management program here at, uh, your family practice or your family doctor's office? Um, it looks like you see [PHI-Personal]. Perfect. Um, do you remember opting in for this, this program a couple months ago?
Patient: Oh, I don't remember.
Nurse: No. Ok, that's fine. Um, so I'm just gonna run through it, um, and kind of see if you have any questions and we'll go from there. Ok. All right. Ok, perfect. Um, so first off, um, I'll, I'll get you assigned to one of our nurses here and she'll be calling you, you know, on a monthly basis and kind of just check in on you, see how you're feeling, see how you're doing. Um, if you need any medication refills, uh, we can take care of those for you. Um, every call you'll get some education. Um, let me pull up your chart. So every call you'll get some education on, you know, one of your chronic conditions. Um, so for you, we'll probably discuss, you know, the diabetes, um, hypertension or high BP, sorry. And, um, high cholesterol, uh, we just kind of have some tips and tricks for you to keep those, you know, numbers low and keep you out of the hospital with complications and stuff like that. Ok. All righty. And then if you are having any issues with anything or, you know, you're sick, you're not feeling well. Um, we are able to message the provider directly to kind of notify them of any issues or changes. Um, we can get you an appointment with them or get you a medication prescribed things like that. Um, so let's see here. Mhm. Ok. Um, have any of your medications changed over the last few months? No. No. Ok. All right. Let's see. Ok. And do you need any medication refills today?
Patient: Not that I can
Nurse: Think of right off. Ok. Right off hand. Ok. Um, all right, perfect. Ok. And then, um, current address I have [PHI-Geographic]. Yes. All right. So I'm gonna send you a letter in the mail. It will have your nurses name and contact information on there. Um, she'll call you probably, you know, middle of next month, but you can always give her a call at any point. Uh, we have a voice mail set up. So if it's, you know, you need something on the weekends or late at night, we'll call you, you know, the next day we're available and, you know, see what's going on and see how we can help. Ok. Alrighty, perfect, let's see. Ok. And then also on the letter is going to have some wellness goals on it for this year. Um those will just consist of, you know, getting your routine labs done, um your BP screening, you know, anything else you might be due for? It looks like you're due for a mammogram this year. Um and let's see and then just you know, your normal flu vaccine towards the end of the year and things like that. Um It's basically just a checklist that we use to kind of mark off things that you've completed throughout the year. Ok. All right, perfect. Um Do you have any questions?
Patient: Oh, I can't think of. I know I missed an appointment and I can't remember. Um uh let me see. Appointment with [PHI-Personal]. There was an appointment that I was supposed to go have something done. I'm trying to find the paper here now. Ok, here it is. Oh, one time I was having so many appointments and stuff I couldn't keep up with them. Ok. I was supposed to, where is it? I think, I don't know whether that was from my, I might have to call them back. They might have been from my. Oh, ok. From the uh pulmonary doctor. Ok. Yeah, I was supposed to have a PFT functioning done on Tuesday the [PHI-Personal] and I forgot it and nobody didn't call me and remind me. Oh, gosh, I guess I have to pick up, I guess I have to call them. Ok, right now I think they were the one that scheduled it.
Nurse: Mhm. Ok. Yeah just you know let us know if you need any help with that. Um and it looks like you see Anna next week on the 27th. Um so next Monday. Perfect at 8 a.m. Ok, awesome. Well, I will get this letter sent out to you. Um if you have any questions when you receive it, just give you know your nurse a call and she'll take care of you from there. Ok? Thank you so much. Alrighty, you're very welcome. Have a good rest of your day. Thank you. You thank you bye bye.
