Nurse: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal]. Hello.
Patient: Hello. Hi, I'm, I'm trying to reach [PHI-Personal]. This is
Nurse: Her. Oh,
Patient: Ok. Hi. Hi. My name is [PHI-Personal]. And you had called me last week about the care management program being offered for doctor [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Yes. Give me one second. Shut this window. So you don't hear the outside car? Ok. So I have you right here. Ok. So first I'll tell you the call is being recorded for quality purposes and the reason for the call is the doctor's office is providing new care management programs. Now, that's where a nurse will give you a call to see how you're doing in between office visits. She answers any questions, refills, prescriptions, she'll address any issues you're having and help with appointments and lab work, things like that. The programs help keep the doctors updated and avoid emergency room visits. There's also our behavior health program and that's the same thing except for the nurse talks more the lines on. Actually, you are already set up for our care management program. Now that I see that,
Patient: Well, I was supposed to call you back because I wanted to find out from my [PHI-Personal] company what the copay would be. So I spoke with my, uh secondary and they said they follow the [PHI-Personal] guidelines and I spoke with someone at [PHI-Personal] and he said they have something called chronic care management, which they do reimburse for. Is that what this is? Yes. Just trying to care. Yeah. Ok. Ok.
Nurse: And so everything works out and is pretty good for you then. Yeah, I, I can send you out a welcome letter and set your up. Ok, and then your first phone call from your nurse should be within two weeks. Ok. Ok. And let me make sure you have [PHI-Personal] and Union Security [PHI-Personal] company. Yes. Ok, perfect. Ok. Now everything looks pretty good for you. I'll send out a um welcome letter. It'll have all the information on it plus a phone number to call in if you need to. Ok. Ok, that's all I need and that's all I need for today.
Patient: Ok, great. Thank you very much.
Nurse: Thanks for calling back. Sure. Bye bye bye bye.
