Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal] with the care management team. How can I help you?
Patient: Uh, this is, I was, I just got home. I was returning your call.
Nurse: Ok. Well, I appreciate you getting back to me, [PHI-Personal]. How are you doing today? Um,
Patient: Well, my knee hurts.
Nurse: Oh, sorry to
Patient: Hear that. That's, that's why, that's why I called to begin with. Uh, I have arthritis in it. I know that. And, um, well, with all this windy cold, rainy weather, it's been bothering me. Well, Saturday, when I got home from work, it hurt but not real bad. So I thought, well, I'll go for a short walk. Well, I went for a short walk and on the way back. Oh, my gosh, it started hurting. I thought, well, maybe I shouldn't have done that. So I rested it for a while and then I did my vacuuming because I knew I wanted to go out to Walmart yesterday morning. Well, until I was done vacuuming and it hurt again. Uh, ok. So I rested it some more and I've been putting like biofreeze on it stuff and ok, I got the, the generic for, uh, Naprosyn and I've been taking one of them three times a day and I said, ok, so then it wasn't too bad yesterday morning, it still hurt. But until I got done walking at Walmart and coming home and putting my groceries away, well, then it was stirred up again. So I just kept putting the stuff on it and put hot water on when I was in the shower. And, well, this morning it wasn't bad. But until I walked into the building I have, yeah, our parking lot is not very close to our building at work. And until, until I got to the building, my knee hurt again, then I had two flights of stairs that I had to go up just to get to my locker room and then I had a flight of stairs to go down to work and standing on my, my feet all day. I've been trying to keep as much weight off it as I could but you can't, you know, all the time. And the one girl that I work with, she said she had problems with her knee once and she got Cortisone in it and that took care of it. So that's why I thought, you know, if I could see him and do that because I took tomorrow off just so I could rest my knee. But, you know, I, I can't afford to take a bunch of days off from work.
Nurse: Sure. No, I understand. Ok. Um, what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna make a note and I'll, I, I'm gonna send it over to the nurse, have her uh, look at it and see um, as far as getting you uh, the cortisone shots for your knee. Ok. So someone will be back in touch with you regarding that.
Patient: Ok, because he will, she did make an appointment for me tomorrow morning to see Doctor [PHI-Personal] and then decide what.
Nurse: Ok. Oh, yes. Ok. So tomorrow at 7 45. Ok. Yeah. Ok. All right then, um, I was, I, I just wanted to go over the information about the, the program that Doctor [PHI-Personal] is offering to his patients. Um, do you have a couple minutes? Are you up to it? Yeah. Yeah. Ok. All right, [PHI-Personal], the, the call is recorded just for quality purposes. Ok. Mhm. Uh, it's like a new care management program and that's just where our nurse is gonna call and, and check in with you to see how you're doing in between office visits. Uh, she'll go over your full medical health with you answering any questions, addressing any issues or concerns that you may be having. Uh, she'll also go over any medications that you're taking. So if you had questions about those or if you needed refills, uh, she's gonna make sure that they're working the way that they should be and that your conditions aren't worsening. Ok. Yeah. Um, also if you had questions or needed help with like appointments, labs, community resources. Those are just a few of the things that she would discuss with you during the phone call. Ok. Um [PHI-Personal], the the service is considered to be an office visit and so it's billable to [PHI-Personal] and [PHI-Personal] Advantage plans and secondary insurance carriers. Uh It's subject to co insurances and deductibles and co payments. So when you have contact with your dedicated nurse, you may get a statement from the practice for this service. Um you do get to choose how often your nurse calls you. So if you'd like her to call you once a month or once every three months or six months or even just once a year that's up to you. Uh I'm gonna mail you a letter to the program. It'll have your nurses contact information in there so you're able to call her with any questions or concerns also. Ok. Now [PHI-Personal], would you prefer for the nurse to call you in the mornings or in the afternoons?
Patient: Oh it would have to be it would have to be at about 3 30
Nurse: Around 3 30 that gives you enough time to get home and like settle for. Yeah because
Patient: Yeah because under normal normal circumstances we work until 2 30 until I get home and in the house and everything it's gives me time 3 30 that way if I stop for gas or whatever you know. Ok.
Nurse: Alrighty uh and [PHI-Personal], we have your mailing address still as [PHI-Geographic]. Ok. And we have your insurance still is [PHI-Personal] and [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. Ok. All right, [PHI-Personal]. So I'm gonna mail you up the letter. It'll have your nurses contact information in there so you can call her with any questions and, um, she'll be giving you a call probably in about a week or so, just introduce herself to and get to know you a little bit and then you would just let her know when you'd like her to call you again.
Patient: Ok. Yeah. Well, it would all depend on because I don't really have any questions and everything that I'm taking has been working. It's just that my knees cleared up. And, uh, but as far as that, you know, if [PHI-Personal], if they pay the whole thing, it's all right. But if I'm gonna have to pay toward it because I have a $200 deductible. But I know I already met that when I had a muscle spasm in my back and I went out to the emergency room because it was at night I could hardly walk. So I, I know until, until I get that I will have my deductible met for the year.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah. No, like I said, it, it, it is considered to be an office visit. So if you normally don't pay anything out of pocket, when you see Doctor [PHI-Personal] in the office. You shouldn't have to pay anything out of pocket for this service either. Yeah. Ok. Ok. All right then [PHI-Personal], you're all set. Uh, I hope you, you have a great day and stay
Patient: Safe. Yep. Ok. You too. Thank you.
Nurse: Bye bye
Patient: Bye.
