Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you?
Patient: Hey, [PHI-Personal], this is, I'm doing fine. Um Hey, I, I have just one small problem. I did make the switch from Walgreens to Publix and I, I, if you want, I'll update you with the information. But, but it, and it worked out great. They uh requested a uh prescription profile and they already started filling out my uh auto refill stuff like the next day, like the next day they were right on it. So I was pretty impressed uh a at any rate. The only thing that they didn't do was they filled out my HumaLOG and, you know, everything that I was supposed to have, uh I didn't even request that they did it automatically after they had gotten the profile. But what Walgreens didn't send over and is, and I talked to Walgreens, you should contact Walgreens. But Walgreens said, hey, you know what, contact your doctor and have him write a new script for it is I don't know how much to take the um they didn't include my accu check um like strips or my pins or anything. So I have no way of taking my blood count, you know, glucose count in order to take the New HumaLOG and stuff that they, that they gave me, you know. So I need to, uh, so we need to do that other than that, everything looks good. I like Publix. They got pharmacists over there that look like pharmacists. They act like pharmacist, they act professional but they got right on it right away and got everything else caught up, whatever it wasn't their fault. They just didn't get handed over. Walgreens left out all that left out that stuff. So they need so they, they can't fill it unless they have the, the script to do it.
Nurse: Ok. So tell me exactly what you want. You want the test strips, the accu check, test strips,
Patient: Right? I need the test strips and I need the poke. I had the ke pens, I didn't have the, uh, what's that little contraption that
Nurse: You need the lancets to put in the pen?
Patient: The, yeah, the, the, the lancet, I just had the needles. I was just poking my fingers.
Nurse: Ok. So you have the needles but you don't have the, um, the auto injector
Patient: That you put the, no, I never did have the auto injector.
Nurse: Ok. Uh, do, is that what you would like though?
Patient: Um, I might, if I, if I qualify for it, I, I'll take it but I didn't know if I did. I, I've just been using all the stuff that I've originally w was prescribed. Ok. You know, even, even my meter, all we did was put a new battery in the meter last year. It, it, it works fine.
Nurse: Ok, good. I mean, yeah, I'm glad it's working. But you need the test strips then and, and what else do you need specifically besides
Patient: The test? Well, I need to be able the lancet or the, um, the poke needles for my, you know, to get the blood out.
Nurse: I'm sorry. So I didn't chance you do need the needle, the actual needle itself. Ok. Got you. You need that and then you have a meter that works. I do. Ok, great. So we need to get those.
Patient: Hey, I give you can I give you the info of the new pharmacy? Yeah, go right in I I have it right here. It's [PHI-Geographic] and that's in [PHI-Geographic] and the zip code is [PHI-Geographic]. Do you need their phone number also?
Nurse: Um, let me, I'm gonna add it right now. So that way I can make sure I have the right one if you don't mind hanging on for a second and make sure it's here. Oh, actually someone already put it in for you. So it's um is that common? It says Lando [PHI-Geographic]. Ok. Ok, then we, we're good to go there.
Patient: All right. Yeah,
Nurse: So yeah, so I'll send the test strips over and the um excuse me and the, uh, lancets and then, uh, if they can give you that thing, I guess I let you know.
Patient: Ok, and there's not an emergency on it, you know, any time within the next week or so is, is fine. I mean, I've got a few of them still left but, you know, I didn't know that those test strips had an expiration date on it. I just thought they were always good. And so I was looking at them and they said no, you're supposed to pass those, those will give you a false readings. You kidding? You? I did, I had no idea. Yeah. And I've been using them for you.
Nurse: That's gonna work after a certain date. Yeah.
Patient: Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. So, I think the ones that I have, uh, expired on the [PHI-Personal] of July. But, yeah, I'm ok. Good. No, no, no, there, I, I just finished up, uh, you know, I still have a few more of these ones here left but I'm gonna need them. I, I, because I've been taking my blood a lot more. You know, I used to just do it two times a day and now I do it throughout the day too also because, um, and I say this, I get myself in trouble. I still do the intermittent fasting. So now and if I'm doing that I, I need to take my blood more often. I need to make sure I'm in the zone. Ok. And everything's going well there.
Nurse: Ok. Good. So blood sugars have been looking good.
Patient: Yep. Blood sugars have been looking pretty good. Um, so, you know, uh, you know, eventually I, I just gotta tell you it's, I've been watching a lot of this stuff here and there's a lot of, it's not holistic doctors. It's regular nationwide. MD cardiologist. It's, they're, they're talking the science behind this intermittent, uh, fasting. There's some incredible things that happen with this here. It, it just happens when you do it and I've been doing it just for like a couple of weeks. I feel fantastic. I just gotta tell you just, he,
Nurse: Yeah, he just doesn't, you know, he's not a big, well, no, you said that you gotta just test more if you're gonna do it that
Patient: You do. And, and in fact, on the guy in the podcast there, the, the cardiologist said he prefers, if you're gonna do this here, he says you should do it under the guidance of your doctor and you should have one of the, uh, uh glucose monitors on you. What's the name of them? Uh, the ones that it constantly, they're like the little implant thing. I forget what they're called. But he says that's a great tool to have while you're doing that because, you know, right on, right on time. What's spiking you and what's not spiking you and what to stay away from and, but it's ok, so anyway, we're getting it down, we're getting it down here anyway. There
Nurse: You go. That's what matters.
Patient: He's, he's gonna hate me coming in. I got lots of stuff to ask him. I've been downloading it on my phone. He better be, he better set aside a little more time for me when I come back in there. I, I really do. I've got, I got a lot of this, there's a couple procedures that they're doing for hypertension right now that they're having. Yeah, the FDA is approving them. Medicare pays for it. And I said, hey, we gotta talk about this here. Yeah, one of them is one of them is just almost like where they put, like, they're almost like BP cuffs that they put on your ankles and your thighs and the bottom of your abdomen. And they, these things up a few times during your session, you might have to do four or five sessions of this here and pretty much either eliminate your medication or cuts it way back. Um, so how's the vascular, uh, there's only a couple places, you know, who does it? Tampa General? I checked there's only a couple places in [PHI-Geographic]. Yep. Ok. So we're gonna have to talk about and the other one is the one where they go in through with a catheter and they've got a sleeve that goes in and they, it, it, it's, they do something to the nerve of your, um, adrenal gland. Mm. Ok. It stimulates that there with a shock wave type thing and, and you know, when you, you can walk out of there after you do a little short recovery after the catheter and you're walking out of there and you're supposed to, and they said it works, it works, it works, it works. So they're doing some incredible things with some of this here. So, anyway, we need to, we need to talk about it. I said the sooner the better. Yeah.
Nurse: Oh, also [PHI-Personal] with him right at one o'clock.
Patient: Yeah, I am gonna be in there in [PHI-Personal]. Um I, you know, other thing I wanna tell you, I wanna let you know just, just in case he wants to do something. I wasn't gonna come in just solely for this here, but I'm seeing um some scaly patches after, you know, I did all the infusion and everything and the show I'm having some scaly patches that, that I've never had before that are appearing on my uh arms. I'm not getting them anywhere else but they're, but they're on my arms.
Nurse: Mm OK. You said scaly patches on
Patient: The Yes. I don't know if it's psoriasis or, hey, leprosy is on its way back in [PHI-Geographic] and they told me and that's what I'm hoping. It's that, I don't know what that is but they, they describe it. It's almost the same as, it's the same as it looks the same and everything. Is psoriasis. Only one bacteria. And what? And when's that? Hm. Hm. One, when they treat one, they treat with a cream and the other one you gotta take antibiotics for a long time. Mhm. All right. So, anyway, if you wanna let him, no, it, I don't feel it all but it's dry and it's, it's scaly and I do have a few. Mhm. Yeah. Exactly. Well, I didn't know if you wanted to send me to a, or what or anything else. And lastly went to see the toe surgeon yesterday. He is ecstatic about how the toe turned out. So my turned out great, turned out great. It looks better than the other one. I'm thinking about having the other toe done now. So it matches that one. But, yeah, I definitely
Nurse: Keep an eye. Do you have like, some ointments or humectant to put on that area? That's all
Patient: I, well, I really don't know what, I really don't know what to put on it. You know, I read up on a thing there and most of, you know, most days times these days everybody says that, you know, you can put a little bit of, uh, like Vaseline and stuff like that there, but I don't really know what it is. And so I, you know, I just want to make sure anyway, to
Nurse: Treat it. I would just try to keep it, you know, from not being so dry.
Patient: I just keep it. I just keep it clean. I, you know, I still have some, from when I was in the hospital, I still have a little bit of the surgical soap and I use a little bit of that, you know, with some warm water and I, and I, you know, wash those areas because I just started being able to take a shower this last week if you can imagine. So that feels, that feels great. But, you know, uh so I expected to have some, you know, flaking skin and stuff like that because of not being able to do the other. But, um, my son mentioned it the other day. He saw me, I was wearing a short sleeve shirt. He goes, what the hell is all that? And I said, I don't, I don't know. I said, well, now that you mentioned it, I said, I guess I better ask. I better let somebody know.
Nurse: Yeah, I would definitely just put like an emollient on it just because when you, it's good to wash it, but washing it, it's going to dry it out more and it's gonna flake up. So emollient will just protect it to add a little bit of moisture. And people with psoriasis put emollients on too. That's like your cerave is a big one. trying to think Aquaphil is another one. That's a big one just to keep really some moisture.
Patient: All right. Well, I wasn't, well, I wasn't sure I wouldn't
Nurse: Treat it until he examines it, you know, until he knows exactly what's
Patient: Going on. Yeah. No, I didn't want to do like
Nurse: Any. Yeah. I wouldn't put any, like, medication but just something to keep it moist. And then if you want, I could have you come in, see if he has anything sooner. Are you ok with waiting until [PHI-Personal]?
Patient: No, I, I'm ok until [PHI-Personal] here. Let's, yeah. Yeah, he still wants me because he still wants me. I haven't even scheduled it yet. He still wanted me to take the, uh, you know, uh, my blood profile go get my blood done and every work done before we had our next visit and then, and then we were gonna come with a new course of, uh, of a plan to get everything back in line. But I think I got a head start on him here so far. So, I don't know if they'll like it or he won't like it. But, you know, like I said, if it's working, I don't think anybody will think anything
Nurse: Of it. Yeah, exactly. And you're on top of things, that's the most important thing that you're in the, know about your health and you're keeping up with your monitoring and that
Patient: I'm engaged. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Well, I don't know everything and I, you know, some of the stuff is, you know, it's, they're doing new stuff all the time. It's just incredible. You keep up with it. Well, and I don't, and I don't expect your, you know, my doctor, I don't expect him to be able to keep up and be my research team either though. I mean, you know, I know I'm not his only patient. So, so, you know, I think it's up to me sometimes if I see something that's interesting and positive or something that, you know, it can be done, then I just wanna bring it to his attention and let him tell me what he thinks of it. That's
Nurse: All that makes perfect sense to me. All right my friend, we'll we'll check in with you later. I'll probably check with you towards the end of the month just to make sure that you know things are going well with that rash. Ok.
Patient: Ok that sounds good. All right you take care you hang in there. All right you too. Thank you. Alright bye bye
Nurse: Bye dear.
