Nurse: [PHI-Geographic]. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi. This is [PHI-Personal]. I'm the one who had the scare of being infected with the virus.
Nurse: Yeah. What's going on today? Uh,
Patient: Well, last, uh, Thursday I think it was Thursday or Friday she finally got up the nerve to test to do the test herself. She did have a, a test that her son had ordered for and, uh, she try to get someone here, you know, like one of the nurse practitioners or somebody who has done it before to do it to help her. But they're, that, that's not allowed. I don't know why we're supposed to be very, extremely independent. So, anyway, uh, she tested negative and, uh, just in case she didn't do it correctly, they had her stay in her room until today. Today. She's allowed out and I was allowed out the next day because I was my third in line. But I know, uh, you, you did tell me to let, you know, and I forgot, I, I could have told you on Friday and I completely forgot I was so happy to be out of the woods there. But that was, uh, that that was all that, you know, that's the big thing that was on my mind. Other than that you can forget about me for today anyway. I've been pass enough, I think. Geez, I don't know what I did before I had you.
Nurse: That's all right. That's what I'm here for
Patient: Good. Has anybody else had that same feeling
Nurse: In what way?
Patient: Uh, you know, any other patients of, uh, family practice who thought that they wonder what they did before they even move.
Nurse: Well, you know, I've had a lot of patients who are, like, you know, I'm really glad to have you because, you know, sometimes, you know, they wouldn't call into the office because they're like, oh, I don't feel like bugging the doctor and, and such. So, you know, it's, you, you
Patient: Can't really, yeah, you can't really talk, ask, uh, like you could 30 years ago, you know, uh, the nurse would run in and ask him and come back and tell you, well, that doesn't happen anymore and it's such a hassle and this is, uh, really, uh, takes a load off of my, excuse me? My worry list. Good. And, uh, so I'll let you go and fix your lunch or whatever you do at this hour and that solves me for the day.
Nurse: Yeah. Well, you know, if you need anything, you have questions, you know, give me a call. Ok.
Patient: You, you did order some for me. Is that right? A test kit. Yes. Mhm. Well, maybe I'll get him this week or maybe next week. I don't know what the joy has done with the post office, but I think it, possible somebody should fire him. Dear God. It's terrible when the mail went through better 50 years ago than it does now.
Nurse: Yeah. Well, you know, I, I did order it and it could take, you know, it could take a little while, but again, it's eight tests and they come in packs of four. So you'll, you should be getting like two parcels. So four, yeah, four tests in each one of them. So, uh
Patient: That's in case I have to do it. I, if I screw up on one, I've got another one. I, I'm not sure just how far up and this was what was troubling her. How do you know you've gone far enough with that swab?
Nurse: Well, it's kind of, it's hard to gauge, but basically what I do is just follow along the inside of your nose, of your nostril, like, um, where your septum is. So that bone, you know, that right there in the center of our nose and I just put the test tip there and I just kind of slide it along that, um, just so I know when to stop, you know, you'll feel pressure, you know, um, and just kind of wiggle it around if you can, once you kind of hit as far as far up as you can go,
Patient: I'm thinking back to, uh, a year or two ago when they were testing us twice a week and it, it seemed as though, uh, when they more official, uh, L PM, I guess she went to the back and did it go down a little bit too,
Nurse: Um, you can, you know, if you're able to get that far up there that, you know, it's definitely helpful because that's where, um, you know, if there are any virus, you know, because we have, um, I guess the structure back there, you know, we have our sinuses and such and then it's very intricate but, you know, that's kind of where if you were to test, if you can get as far up there but, you know, not too far, you don't wanna jab yourself in the, in the nose and such. But, um,
Patient: It, it, well, it didn't feel good. It could sort of hurt a little. Yeah. But it's, uh, and I was wondering, would I be able to do it to myself, uh, to that point? Mhm. Or maybe you don't have to, um,
Nurse: Well, I guess, you know, just as far up in there as you can, you know, you don't want
Patient: It along the septum. Mhm.
Nurse: You know, and that should kind of help you gauge as far up as you should go. Um, and if you feel like you can't do it, that's ok. You know, we can schedule an appointment for you to come in or, you know, the pharmacy does testing as well. Um,
Patient: Yeah, what they charge too.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah,
Patient: It seems as so when you're paying 4000 $200 a month rent, they ought to have a, you know. Mhm. Be able to do this for you. Not like they have to do it every other day. It's, this is, was, would have been the first time I would have asked if I had the kit. But anyway, it's, it's, that's over for now. So I'll let you go and I'll get on with all the things I should do besides sit here and worry. I'm a worrier as you can tell. But thank you for being there. Welcome. Bye.
Nurse: You have a great day. You
Patient: Too. Bye bye.
