Nurse: This is Za speaking. May I help you?
Patient: Yeah, you just call
Nurse: Me, um, give me your name real quick.
Patient: You, you, you call phone?
Nurse: Yes. Is this [PHI-Personal]?
Patient: No, this is her mother.
Nurse: Ok. This is, yeah, the nurse care manager with family practice. We just wanted to follow up and see how she was doing. He sound good. Uh, ok. Is she having any problems or anything? No? Ok. No problems with the seizures or anything. All the meds seem to be working well.
Patient: Yeah. She never had, she never had any seizures. Well, that's a
Nurse: Good thing. And, and how, and how is her depression this time of year? Is it tougher during the holidays? Does she have a harder time? No. Ok. Some people do and the, you know, especially seasonal in the winter and it tends to be more women than men. And people who already have depression tend to be more susceptible to it, but she seems to be doing ok going into the holidays.
Patient: Oh, yeah.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. That's a good thing. And, and she's, how's the A DH D, does that seem like it's pretty well managed?
Patient: Oh, she's doing pretty good. Here and there.
Nurse: Ok. What is it? She seems to have the toughest times with the impulsiveness or the disorganization or [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hello? Well, it's just when you wanna, well ask her do something, that's when she gets frustrated.
Nurse: Oh, when she, when you ask her to do something, is it when she's already doing something else or just in general?
Patient: And it's funny if you watching something and we asked her to do something then she gets, uh, she gets frus frustrated.
Nurse: Ok. So did you have trouble multitasking? Believe me, like doing more thing, more than one thing at a time. Is that kind of what does it?
Patient: No, you just have to do something. She gets, she gets frustrated and mad about it because we tell her the, that she got to help her dad and her, depending on her dad doing everything.
Nurse: Ok. Does she tend to have any mood swings that go with it? No. Ok. Just because I can go with the A DH D. So that's a good thing anymore. What do you say?
Patient: She told? She, he told her daughter his daughter he's not. No, that one here be should be 5 50. So it should be [PHI-Personal] here in uh on Christmas.
Nurse: Well, happy birthday early.
Patient: Yeah, he'll be on Christmas day. He'll be [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Oh, my goodness. Yeah, he is something extra to celebrate. And you said she doesn't need refills on any of her meds, right? She has enough of them.
Patient: You have enough on your refill. Oh, you have to call, we have to call back and see. I have to check her bottle.
Nurse: Ok, that's ok. We just, if you're not sure then, yeah, just let us know, um, and call us back. Does she do? Ok. Coping with stress [PHI-Personal] or does she have a hard time with that?
Patient: No, she seemed to be pretty good with that.
Nurse: Ok. that's good. Some of those things are not always easy for people to deal with, even if they don't have a DH D. Mhm. You know, so when you throw that in there it kind of can make it tougher. And she's not on medications for the A DH D, is she?
Patient: Oh, yeah, she takes, um,
Nurse: The PROzac, does that help with it?
Patient: She takes PROzac, she take a 20 a 10. She takes Xiao and she takes Pepcid for her stomach. Ok.
Nurse: And, and so, uh, zone
Patient: At nighttime.
Nurse: Ok. As long as they seem to be working and she's not having any problems. That's all, then. It's wonderful. All right. Well, that sounds good. And we just wanted to follow up and make sure there weren't any concerns or anything. So, but if you guys need anything or have any questions, just give us a call. Ok.
Patient: I wanna, if, uh, if, uh, I see she don't wanna take them, like she should be taking
Nurse: Them. She doesn't want to take her meds like she should be taking them. Oh, she
Patient: Take them? I said, like you said, if she gets it on her mood, I'll just say I'll call them and see if they can up them or anything.
Nurse: Ok. You're able to get her to take them though.
Patient: No, she takes them.
Nurse: Ok. Good. Ok. As long as she's taking them, it'll help more. Some of hers. If she, you know, takes them here and there and sporadically, it's, it could definitely cause some mood swings and everything else.
Patient: Yeah. And then that they have a hard time getting, going through your system again.
Nurse: Yeah, because your body, that's exactly it. It, it won't put her on the same even keel as if she takes them all the time regularly. So. All right. Well, that's good. I'm glad she's doing well. But yeah, if you have any questions or concerns or anything, just give us a call. Ok. And if
Patient: You had a refill, just call this number. I called you on. Yep.
Nurse: You can just call this and, and we'll take care of the refills for you. Ok? All right. That sounds great. You guys have a wonderful day. Yep. You too.
Patient: Ok, bye. Have a whole.
