Nurse: Hi, [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is, um, you, you helped me so much on, I think it was Tuesday, Tuesday, Wednesday. And you called me back and I tried to call you back but there was no answer and I've been running ever since, but I just wanna thank you. You're my angel. Um, I, I did what you told me and, um, they're working on it. They think that we'll probably get it approved and it won't go through CV S, it'll be the actual manufacturer. So, um, you are my angel and, um, I, I can't thank you enough. I mean, I had called so many people and so many people just, like, gave up on me, you know, and I appreciate it and I just wanted to thank you for, well, like I was telling the other girl, I worked for welfare, welfare and we didn't get many, we didn't get many compliments. Yeah, it's, it's
Nurse: True. Yeah. You don't realize it, but at least, you know, you're making a difference.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. I, you know, I was called so many names. I didn't even know half of them, you know, both of them bother me. I don't know what that is. Anyway, that is so funny. I don't, I'm glad no problem. I hope you have a great day. Ok. Yeah, and she said to mention something about the, the survey. Can you connect me to the survey? Yeah, let
Nurse: Me see. Hold on one second. Ok, that would be great. Hold on just one second.
Patient: Ok, thank you. Uh huh.
Nurse: Ok. I'm gonna transfer you now. It's just uh a little like answering service so it'll just have to like le leave a short message. Ok, so I appreciate it so much. Thank you so much again. No, I
Patient: Appreciate you so much. Ok. All right. Have a great weekend and a great one. Yes, you as
Nurse: Well. I'm gonna transfer you now. Thank you. Ok, bye bye. Make a comment about your experience with your nurse care manager or describe a time when she helped you. Please do so after the tone.
Patient: Hi, I'm leaving a message about Andrea. Uh, she works in the Pulmonary Nursing team. Um, I called her on Tuesday with a horrible problem which I thought was unsolvable. She calmed me down and she explained different options and I, I followed her advice. Needless to say the process is looking better. It, it looks like I might get my medication and it all due to Andrea taking her time to explain things to me and to help me for that. I just wanna say she's my angel and I told her this personally, but, um, she really, really helped me. I talked to many people and she was the one that actually took the time to help me. And so that I am forever grateful. So everyone, please have a great weekend and a great Memorial Day holiday. Thank you and I appreciate all of you. Bye bye.
