Nurse: [PHI-Personal] with the care management team. How can I help you?
Patient: Hi, my name is [PHI-Personal]. She called me a few minutes ago.
Nurse: Oh, yes. Thank you for getting back to me, [PHI-Personal]. How are you today? Good, good. Uh, I just wanted to go over information with you about the new program that Doctor [PHI-Personal] is offering. Do you have a couple of minutes? Ok. All right, great. Uh, [PHI-Personal], the call is recorded just for quality purposes. Ok. Mhm. Uh, it's a new care management program and that's just where our nurse will call and check in with you. See how you're doing in between office visits. She'll go over your full medical health with you answering any questions, addressing any issues or concerns that you might be having. Uh, she'll also go over any medications if you're taking any. So if you had questions about those or if you needed refills, um, or if you just had questions and needed help with appointments, uh, labs, community resources, things like that. Ok.
Patient: Um, here's the thing, I bet I am retired. I was an advanced practice nurse master's, you know, a couple of years and, um, I keep up with the medicines and things like that. I think this is a good program to offer, but I don't know that I really need it.
Nurse: Ok. Well, no, that's perfectly fine. [PHI-Personal]. The program's optional, uh, you're able to enroll or opt out at any time. Uh, it, it just helps doctor [PHI-Personal] stay on top of how his patients are doing in between appointments with them and it's designed to offer additional support for you and the other patients. Uh, what I'd like to do is just mail you the information. If you decide to change your mind, you could just let Doctor [PHI-Personal] or ha know. Ok.
Patient: Um, is, and the other thing is that, um, or I have [PHI-Personal] but I also have Tricare for life, the [PHI-Personal]. So, mm, I don't know what they will cover.
Nurse: I will just, the, the service is considered to be an office visit. Uh, if you did get a statement, it may be for around $9 or so. And, and that's only when you have contact with your dedicated nurse, but that's something you get to choose how often your nurse calls. Well, you
Patient: Can send me the information but um, I will probably opt out if I am my own. I, I, I take care of those kind of things, you know, I've done it for years. I had to teach them as a university professor. I just don't see where it would, uh benefit me. Ok. Well, and you could spend your time with somebody else who really needs it. Yeah,
Nurse: Sure. Like I said, [PHI-Personal], it's optional. Um So again, like I was just gonna mail you the information if it is something you're interested in, you just let Doctor [PHI-Personal] or [PHI-Personal] know. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Thanks very much. Oh,
Nurse: You're welcome. Take care. Bye bye bye
Patient: Bye.
