Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal] Center care manager.
Patient: Yeah, I like, yeah, it does. Oh, I hate to call, you, hate to bother you. I cancel my appointment for the pain in my arm. Would you believe? Now? I've got the diarrhea and my stomach is upset all of a sudden. So I had to cancel my appointment. I'm in terrible shape. So, um, I just wanted you to know what's going on. I don't know what's going on with me. I've been, I probably ate some food that I haven't ate, you know, for my birthday there. But I don't know. I'm just thought I just let you know if you do get a hold of the doctor. I wish he'd give me something for the pain in my arm.
Nurse: Well, definitely let them know what's going on with your digestion too. Some of that can be caused by stress. I know you're under a lot of stress right now too. Or it could be from your birthday. Um, I don't know. Yeah. And I don't know if they'll get back to me right away. It might take a few hours. But I did get, oh,
Patient: That's all right. I'm I'm not going anywhere. I'm just going to be here and if he could give me some pain, maybe that would help something.
Nurse: Ok. In the meantime, just stay nice and hydrated. Ok. Especially with that diarrhea.
Patient: No, I'm not gonna eat nothing. I took some Mylanta which I take when I have an upset stomach and usually that clears it right up, but it's not even touching it today. So this will pass. I'm sure it will pass. It always passes. Yeah. But if I could have some relief from this pain all the time,
Nurse: Yeah, I did ask him for, um, others for stronger pain meds or for something else that works. So hopefully he recommends something.
Patient: Yeah. Ok, dear. Well, I'm sorry, I won't bother you again. Oh, you're fine.
Nurse: You're absolutely fine. I, I like being updated. So, um, but I'll be in touch.
Patient: Yeah. Well, I just feel so nauseated today and then, like I said, my bowels are loose. I don't know what's going. I don't have a temperature so I don't think it's the flu. I don't know what's happening. Do you have ginger ale?
Nurse: You can sip on or ginger tea?
Patient: I usually drink Pepsi and my stomach is upset. That always seems to clear it. But I've been drinking, um, a tea that I drink all the time. It's for your stomach. Ok.
Nurse: Yeah. Whatever you can get down is
Patient: Fine. A little. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I have to go get some more of my tea and try to. Oh, thank you dear. I'm sorry to bother you again. No, don't apologize. I hope you feel better be. Oh, I hope so. I can't feel much worse than I do right now. Ok, dear, I'll talk to you later. Thank you. Bye bye.
