Nurse: Hi, this is
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. Hi, this is [PHI-Personal]. I guess you have called? Oh, I did.
Nurse: I was just calling to, um, see how your blood pressures have been since you're taking that new dose of the Lisinopril.
Patient: Um, I've, I've taken it like two days now. Mhm. And, um, my BP this morning was [PHI-Account] and I have not taken it since I've been at, at some other offices I had, had to go to, so I, I'm not, but I won't be able to take it probably until 4 30 this afternoon. Ok.
Nurse: Was that this morning when you took it? Was that before you took your medication?
Patient: I had just take, I just took it. Yes. Ok. I take, yeah, I take my medication and then I took the blood, the, the, um, BP medicine before I ate. Ok.
Nurse: Um, all right. Well, keep, you know, keep an eye on it, keep checking it. Um, that way we can, um, have a good idea of if this, uh, medication is working or not. Um, I'm gonna call you again at the beginning of next week to check back in with you. Ok.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: All right. Um, let me see. Yeah, just
Patient: Keep doing this is, this is her daughter, um, every day she has been writing down at least twice a day what her BP has been. So she just called a couple days ago because it was still high and they adjusted it and they, uh, upped it and then asked her to make an appointment with doctor so that, you know, earlier. So it's still running high.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, that's, uh, that's what I'm thinking. Um, that, I don't know if just increasing that Lisinopril is really, um, effective if she checked this morning and she's still, you know, systolic is still over 1 70. So, um, I mean, I, I don't know what they're, if there's any, like, you know, testing that they're gonna wanna do, you know, or something just to try to figure out why this medication, you know, because since they, she went from 5 to 10 and now she's on 20 it definitely should be effective, you know, at least bringing it down a little bit. So, um, I did see where she has that appointment for, um, [PHI-Personal] now but, um, like I said, it just, it, I, I don't know, there's got to be something else going on. That is the reason why her BP is still so high
Patient: Right now. She does, um, she does have, um, a cardiologist doctor as well. I mean, is he aware of this, do you guys communicate with him or?
Nurse: Um, I, I don't, um, right now I only am communicating with the primary care office. So that's you just doctor [PHI-Personal]. Um, I don't, I think the last time I talked to MS [PHI-Personal], I did ask her about, um, her cardiologist and she said she hadn't been in a while. Do you know? Is there any, um, cardiology appointments coming up here pretty soon?
Patient: Uh, I'm thinking there's, I'm thinking there's one next month, I'm just not, I'm not home because I just, if they didn't bring her calendar with her, I didn't bring it.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, if you just double check, I mean, you know, see if there's one coming up, that, that's what I'm thinking is that's what doctor is gonna end up saying anyways is, um, for, um, you know, to refer you to the specialist. Um, that's typically like, you know, once they try some things that doesn't work then they're like, ok, now you got to go see someone who knows a little bit more, you know, it's more of their area. So, um,
Patient: So should, at this point we try to call his office today to and to move up her appointment.
Nurse: Um, that would probably be a good idea if, if there's not already one here coming up within the next couple weeks because just of how high, I mean, she's still not having any symptoms. Right. No headaches, no dizziness, nothing, you know, anything like that, right?
Patient: No.
Nurse: Ok. So, yeah, I don't, I mean, it's just keep doing what you've been doing for right now. Uh You know, just make sure you're keeping a log of what your blood pressures have been. Um continue taking the same dose of the Lisinopril um that the, you know, the, the 20 mg, the new dose. Um Yeah, see, yeah, and then see if you have any of the uh uh cardiology appointment coming up soon. But yeah, I would definitely like let him know what's going on. I'm sure like, you know, if it's been a few months since the last time that he's seen you, um he's probably thinking that everything is just fine and you know, I don't think that um Doctor [PHI-Personal], you know, has really been in contact just because she's your new primary care doctor. She's probably not too familiar with um any of the specialists that you've seen in the past. So she might not be aware that you have established a cardiologist already. So um
Patient: That's a good idea and then call [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Ok. That's yeah, I think that's that's a good idea.
Patient: Ok. Thank you so much [PHI-Personal]. Oh yeah, you're
Nurse: Welcome if you guys need anything else, you know, always feel free to reach out.
Patient: Ok? Alrighty, thank you. Bye bye bye bye. Mhm.
