Nurse: [PHI-Geographic]. This is
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. [PHI-Personal], this is [PHI-Personal] calling. I called that, what is it the Sugar place on Wednesday? Because I'm getting worse. I, I got the shakes real bad and I'm waiting to find out what doctors are wanna send me to and they said I have to wait to today. I was wondering if you could, we could call them and you could be on the phone and try and find out what kind of doctor they wanna send me to. Because if it's the cancer center, I can try and get in with doctor [PHI-Personal], the one that discovered my low BP, I mean, my low sugar. I mean, I don't know what to do. I'm getting worse every day and doctor [PHI-Personal], he don't know what to do for me. That's why he sent me to the sugar doctor and now he hawing around and don't want to help me. Ok? I mean, tell me what you think I should do. Should I wait until today to see nobody call me? Because the one where I wait, how long is it going to take for me to get in, in to see these people, I just can't keep going on.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. Ok. So, I still don't have a note from them. So I will, I'll give them a call and, you know, just request that note and then I'll also ask, you know, where they want to send you to.
Patient: Um, I mean, do you think that's a good idea just to go to the cancer center in [PHI-Geographic], you know, I mean, whatever you think is the best I will do. Mhm.
Nurse: Mhm. Well, we're not,
Patient: I'm not sure where they're sending me that. They won't, they didn't tell me. And I said, well, what kind? And they said, well, just let them, they'll call you by Friday. And I said, well, what if they don't, then they said call us on Monday? Well, that's a whole, you know, I, I'm getting worse and worse. I really don't know what to do. I get up and I'm dizzy and I'm light headed and I have to go and sit down. I try to do some of my chores. I can't do them anymore. I told my husband, I said, I'm sorry, I have nothing in me to push anymore. Yeah. And I would like to try to make an appointment with [PHI-Personal]. But if I get up like this, I don't even know if I could, you know, go and talk to her. Mhm. At our house. I mean, I'm really getting bad. I'm getting worried about myself. Yeah. My strength is just deleting my whole body.
Nurse: Mhm. Ok. So
Patient: [PHI-Personal] said, how about calling Doctor [PHI-Personal]? He said yesterday when I, I broke down I cried almost all day. I said [PHI-Personal], he's a family doctor. That is why he's sending me to the specialist. He don't know what to do for me anymore. I mean, he's honest, he don't know what to do. And I said they're just, the trouble is they put me in with the doctor that was moving to [PHI-Geographic]. So I, I really don't have a doctor at the sugar place. Mhm. And I think that, you know, they're just keep putting me off as long as they can because I don't know, I could be wrong. I don't know. But I need, and I, like I said, when I went to the, er, I started to complain and he told me right out if you're dealing with an ongoing illness, we cannot treat you [PHI-Personal]. So if I go there they won't treat me anyways. My husband heard him say that. He said, what's the main reason you're here? If that's it, we can't treat you for no, an ongoing symptom. And then I said, you know, I had terrible pain in my stomach and then my rectum and I said it's really bad. I don't know what to do. This is different. Mhm. So, I don't even know where to go anymore. I really don't.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. So let me I'm gonna see
Patient: What I can do. Ok, I appreciate it. And because where else do I go? I don't know. My options are short. They gotta see and why. I don't know. And we did try that sugar thing again last night and it, he got it to work that when he presses on my finger, he'll keep pressing and enough blood. I'm not a bleeder. Hardly any blood comes out and he don't know what to do for that to read the strip. He tried it 34 times yesterday and when he picks it to and we s, we used it together but he can't get enough blood out. Yeah. Make
Nurse: Sure your hands are nice and warm. So I would run your hands under some warm water or, oh, rub together. Make sure they're nice and warm. And what I do is like if, is just kind of squeeze the tip of your finger and really get the, the blood flow there.
Patient: Um, and that's what he tried to do. Yeah. He don't know if it's, if it's not going down far enough, he doesn't know. So he said, um, he was awful tired because he had to do all the work and running around yesterday. So he said, um, either today and tomorrow he's going away for the whole day. So we won't. He said Sunday he'll take it to CVS and see what's wrong with that. Do you know why they want you to do that since I don't have sugar diabetes. They said why are they doing this?
Nurse: Well, so if you're getting dizzy and nauseous and all of that, those are symptoms of diabetes. Um, you know, whether that's type one or type two or, you know, so
Patient: We need to see, ok, well, he's gonna try and get it fixed again. He worked on it yesterday and he put it on, but there's just not enough blood coming out for it to take the breathing
Nurse: Warm your hands up and
Patient: Then I will squeeze.
Nurse: So you'll, you'll be able to tell. So if you, um, kind of squeeze on your finger, you'll see the, the tip of your finger start to turn like a darker red. At least it should because that's where all the blood is starting to pull up.
Patient: And yeah, I did that. Yeah, maybe it was because my hands weren't warm. That could be. But I know they had a hard time even in the hospital when they were, I don't know, checking for something two years ago. Mhm. But we'll, yeah, we're going to try it again.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah. All right. So, um, I, I mean,
Patient: I hate bothering you. I really do but I don't know who, I don't know where to turn anymore. I
Nurse: Know. I know. So I will, I'll just, you know, I'll check and see what's going on with the, the documents and the lab orders and such and see where they wanted to refer you? Ok.
Patient: Oh yeah that would help out. Now do you have my birthday there because they always ask that? Mhm. Yeah. Yeah it's [PHI-Personal]. Mhm. Ok.
Nurse: Ok my dear I will check in with you as soon as I have an answer. Ok.
Patient: Yeah. Ok, thank you Emily. I appreciate it. Ok bye bye bye bye.
