Nurse: Hello, this is,
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal]. Returning your call.
Nurse: Hey. Yeah, I just missed you. Um, so I was just checking back in, I saw you had your visits, um, yesterday with the provider and had a couple of different medicines prescribed. Were you able to get those yesterday? Yeah, I was. Ok. Good deal. Um, how, what do you think? Are they working any better?
Patient: I'm not getting much relief yet. It's very hard for me to walk. Um, and I'm just gonna lay down today with the ice and the heat and, you know, the new, uh, muscle relaxant and see if we get any progress.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. I hope that helps. Did, um, she didn't quite finish her notes yet so I couldn't see everything. Did she, what did she diagnose you with? What she thinks? What does she think is
Patient: Same thing like?
Nurse: Ok. Ok. I mean, it sounds like a good possibility that it's just a really bad strain. Um, if you were lifting all those heavy boxes so those can feel it just as bad as breaking a bone sometimes if you get it severe enough because, you know, with a strain or sprain you pull and overstretch the tendon at that area. Um, and it's either it can be as little as just a little tear in the tendon to it, you know, partially tearing or even completely tearing. So they can be, they can feel pretty nasty. Um, let's get some rest. I think the heat and the ice alternating. That is probably not a bad idea. The ice will help kind of the initial stuff. Any swelling inflammation kind of help get that down. And then usually I say the first couple of days after an injury that's, that's better. Um, and then after that moist heat is good because the moisture will help get the heat in deeper. Um, versus dry heat can make it spasm, make your muscle spasm more. So if, when you do heat, just make sure you do some kind of moist heat, either, you know, damp, towel, heat it up or, um, if you have one of those heating pads that has the, um, yeah, I do the foamy thing. Yeah. Yeah, those are great. Ok. Just try to do no more than like 20 minutes at a time and you just come and go with those. Ok. Ok. Well, I hope I get to feeling better. Um, if you still have issues with it, let me know. Um, otherwise I'll check back on you again and we'll go from there. Do you have questions on your medicines at all? By the way. I'm sorry, I meant to ask you that. II I, oh, are you there? Hello? I think I'm losing you. You broke up a bit now? I can't hear you. Are you still there?
Patient: I'm still here. Um, I didn't have any more questions.
Nurse: Ok. Sorry, the phone was breaking up so much. I couldn't
Patient: For a minute. Yeah, that's why II I said to call me on Donna's phone because this phone going [PHI-Personal]. Yeah,
Nurse: I did. She wasn't home at the moment, so she told me try you here real quick. So no worries. Ok, no problem. Yeah, any questions on your medicines or any other issues let me know. Ok.
Patient: Ok, Terry. Thank you so much. No problem. Hope you feel better. All right. Bye bye bye.
