Nurse: [PHI-Geographic]. This is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you?
Patient: Excuse me? This is [PHI-Personal]. I have an appointment to get my teeth cleaned and I'm taking an antibiotic for a urinary tract infection. And I usually took a different antibiotic for, you know, when I get my teeth cleaned to kind of having hip surgery. Yeah. And the other, the one I'm taking now for my was dioxin or I guess that's how you call it for a urinary tract infection. But the one I have, you know, that I used to take for my, for when I went to the dentist was Clindamycin. Can I take the both of them at the same time or would the one work? Um,
Nurse: The, you, you should be able just to take both of them at the same time. Um, I would think, bear with me here. Let me get your chart pulled up. Um, I don't think that they, they have two different purposes as far as, um, the bacterias that they target. So,
Patient: Um, so I can go to d with that. Ok. Then I just, yeah. Yeah,
Nurse: That was, how are you doing? KA, I haven't talked to you in a while. Well,
Patient: I was doing good and then I wound up with a urinary tract infection again. Oh, no. And I have this cyst and it's filling up again. So now they want me to, now they want me to go to a regular doc, a physician, you know, the surgeon. So I didn't get that appointment yet. But, uh, I have a dentist appointment tomorrow. So I thought I better check before I take these pills. I don't wanna cause any more problems. Sure.
Nurse: Sure. Now what is, and let me, I'll put a note in just to be safe. Um, when is your dentist appointment
Patient: Tomorrow in the morning? Put it in here just for, just for cleaning and checking, you know how they, and
Nurse: I, oh, just a check up like a dentist. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah. I,
Nurse: Dental cleaning scheduled for tomorrow. And what is the antibiotic that you take again for it?
Patient: Uh, the one is Clindamycin. Clindamycin. Ok. Cli nd am YCIN, I guess I spelled it right. 300 mg. It says, and I usually take two of them about an hour before I have the dentist appointment. Mhm.
Nurse: Prior to
Patient: Appointment. Now, if I want to get them refilled, do I call you or do I have to call the office? I mean, I didn't know who I talk, you know, if I need. Yep, you
Nurse: Can call me. That's fine. Yep. I can get the note in too. Um,
Patient: If they have me make another appointment, then I can always call ahead and get it
Nurse: To take this as well as the antibiotic for UT I. And what, I'm sorry, what antibiotic did you say you're on for your UT
Patient: ID ID, oxyclccy cli need to
Nurse: Doxycycline.
Patient: Yeah, 100 mg tablet twice a day.
Nurse: Ok, perfect. All right. So, um, ok. So when did you start with the UT I symptoms?
Patient: Oh, last Thursday I start, I went to the doctor Friday and then I got the prescription started at, you know, like Friday night for Satur Sunday. But it seems a little better today. But I, uh, I don't know if it's because of the other thing that's pulling it down or if it's just the way it is, they said maybe I'd have to be on a low grade one for a while. I don't
Nurse: Know. Yeah. Yeah. Like a, just a small amount of, um, antibiotic just to prevent the UT I system.
Patient: Yeah. And my daughter had the same thing. It took her, you know, a couple months but then she said no, she don't need them no more. So, I, I'm hoping that works, you know.
Nurse: But, yeah, and then what about the cyst, what's going on with the cyst
Patient: On? So, it's filling up again and it, yes. And, uh, it was not supposed to be anything real bad in it, you know? But it just, so they said the, is uh, it, uh, I had two hip surgeries there already and I think it's, the skin is real thin and maybe that makes a difference. I don't
Nurse: Know. Now, is it, is it open right now and draining
Patient: Something? No, it isn't draining. It's just starting to fill up again after, after two times and not, they, they said they'd have to send me to a regular, you know, physician.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'll be darned. Ok. Well, I mean, make sure you're watching it if it doesn't get, you know, any better or, um, becomes red around it or more painful, you know, just signs of it being infected. Certainly. Um, but it is good that you're on the antibiotic because that may count for two different, you know, to try to help treat that as well.
Patient: Um. Oh,
Nurse: My goodness. Well, jeez. Ok. Um, it
Patient: Looks like you're, I know I was doing so good all this time and everything's, you know.
Nurse: Yeah. Um, I'll make sure. So I, when I get that note into them I'll make sure everything is ok, as long as they give you. Ok. Um,
Patient: But they said that I think they were going to make the appointment but I didn't hear anything yet from anybody. Ok. And I thought, I thought they were going to call the doctor. I, that was my understanding anyway.
Nurse: Yep. Yep. I see. It looks like down in your chart here. They had sent the referral,
Patient: But yesterday was a holiday, so I guess. Yeah. Yeah.
Nurse: Um
Patient: Ok, so I hope, I hope it ain't tomorrow because I this is you wait forever to get in because of the COVID and I finally, you know, you get in and then I hope I don't need to go down.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, I understand. Absolutely. Um. Ok. Yep. Well, that's no problem and then just let me know if there's anything more you need refills or anything. Um I'll happily get all that in for you.
Patient: Ok. Ok. All right. Take, take care, take care. You too. Bye bye.
