Nurse: Hey [PHI-Personal], how are you?
Patient: Hi, honey, how you doing? I'm in, in good,
Nurse: Good. I was like, we were playing some serious phone tag there. Oh, good, good. Well, how are you? Are? I know you got the appointment coming up tomorrow but how you, how you doing this month? Everything doing ok.
Patient: Yeah, I feel pretty good. Good, good. Nothing pretty good,
Nurse: Good. So the BP and everything is ok. You got the metoprolol thing. I mean, I know you don't check it at home but, you know, things are, things are ok.
Patient: Yeah. Well, yeah, I, I feel pretty good, you know, I mean, you know, I don't feel like I was when I was [PHI-Personal] but I feel pretty good.
Nurse: Well, II, I appreciate the bla and honesty. That's definitely a good thing.
Patient: Um, I definitely don't feel like that, you know, like sometimes, like, you know, I have rheumatoid so, you know, I, sometime I get flare up of that and that's not good, you know. But
Nurse: No, no, I can only imagine. Yeah. Well, are you having a flare now or you're doing? Ok?
Patient: No, no, no, I, I'm not having one now I had one, I had one about 23 weeks ago. I had and it was horrible. Oh, wow. Yeah, that was, that, that was a good, but, you know.
Nurse: Yeah. No, definitely. Well, at least now you, you know how to, like, watch out for it though, like, you know, like signs and stuff, like, are they predictable for you? Like, do you end up getting swollen stiff joints beforehand or are there early morning? Well, I
Patient: Know, I mean, sometimes, you know what it does, it just, it, it just hit different, different joint, different spot. Like the other week it, uh, it hit my hip and, I mean, I, I couldn't, I didn't sleep almost a whole weekend. I mean, it was, I mean, I couldn't do, I said where I turned whatever, it was just horrible. But, yeah, you know, like, um, sometimes, like, I think, I think, um, I had, I was eating some peanuts, I don't think, I know I'm not really supposed to be in a, in peanuts.
Nurse: Well, moderation, it's not actually that bad. Um, yeah. No. Going back to what you're saying, sleeping is important. It, you know, obviously if you, if you're having trouble sleeping it's gonna, you know, [PHI-Personal] up everything because poor sleep makes the inflammation worse. So, trying to get sleep. But going back to what you said about the peanuts, I, I wouldn't worry about it. Um, as long as you're doing it in moderation. Now, if you're going and you're having, like,
Patient: Yeah, I, I got a little small bag and sometimes I might eat one, I might eat one or two, sometime, but before I had ate I was eating like, one or two bags every day. So I thought that was a little too much.
Nurse: Um, is your, is your acid reflux? Ok. Um, yeah.
Patient: Yeah. Huh. I mean, I take my medicine so I don't have no problem with that. I take my medicine. It's just not like the one, the, uh, the time before that I had it in my, um, I think it was in, uh, uh, uh, neck, I think, you know, in my neck, in my mouth, in my joints, my face. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, but, um, you know, like, and, you know, I take, um, so I know I'm not, I'm, I'm not supposed to take, I, I take, um, Tylenol. Ok. Along along with the low dose of steroids. So I take, because I told my rheumatologist, the doctor, my rheumatologist and, uh, she was, she said that was all right. I know when I left the hospital, uh, my heart doctor, that's what they recommend me to take was, uh, Tylenol. Not Ibuprofen. Yeah. I like, I just, I take that and, and the, and the steroid and, you know, after a day or two it calms down, you know. But, right, it, it, it's horrible.
Nurse: Yeah. Well, at least, at least you, you weather through the storm this time around, I'd say, you know, try and get some sleep and one of the best things to do is to just give yourself a little time to get some rest. You gotta find a balance with activity and rest. Yeah. You know, I'm not telling you to stop because that'll make it worse. But, you know, you, you need to pace yourself and not overdo it and sometimes that does help get you back on track. Um,
Patient: Yeah. Yeah, I, I try to get, I try to, uh, I, I stay in a little longer than the morning. I try to get, um, um, rest, you know, I, I come home at 8 39 o'clock and I, I get to bed about 10 o'clock at night and then, and II, I stay in a little late now, you know, III, I can rest. You
Nurse: Sleep in a bit. You sleep in a bit, huh?
Patient: Yeah, during the daytime, you know, I can rest. I can rest real good during the daytime. II, I guess that's for me working night, night shift all that time. Yeah. But during the daytime I can, I can get it in but at night time I don't night time, I don't, you know, I, I guess because I'll be watching some program. But, um, you know, but lately I've been doing, lately I've been sleeping pretty good. I'll be honest, I've been, I mean, I've been resting pretty good.
Nurse: Good, good. Well, you know what I would say, keep doing what you're doing. Um, you know, keep going to sleep, you know, routine is important. It helps you because you get, if you have a good sleep hygiene, like a good sleep schedule that, uh, that helps your arthritis helps everything. Really. So, no, keep doing that. And, you know, are you doing ok on all the meds? I know you're seeing doc tomorrow anyway. But,
Patient: Uh, yeah, I got, I got it, I got my, uh, and I got, I got all my medicine.
Nurse: Beautiful, beautiful. All right. Well, what I'll do then is I'll, um, I'll touch base with you. Um, probably next month sometime unless you need me in the interim. But hang tight, you know, keep moderation on the peanuts if, as long as everything's doing. Ok. So I wouldn't say it's a bad thing. As long as you're having lately, you said small amount every day is ok. It's, if you're going ham and you're having like 17 handfuls a day that we gotta, we gotta have.
Patient: No, I don't do that. No, no, I know they recommend me. They say I could eat nuts but the number one, the number one was on my paper were almond almond and, um, Walnut and pistachio and peanuts. And
Nurse: Yeah, and that's, that's, that's good. I mean, you can, if you don't want those, you could do the peanuts. That's fine. I'm not a big it's all about the moderation I mean
Patient: I'm not a big time love harsh. Yeah I like them in the salad when you put them in the salad but
Nurse: I
Patient: Like walnut I like walnut and pistachios I like them.
Nurse: Yeah. No I I completely get that all right well I'll talk to you soon um you know and um you know just you know you let me know if you got any questions. Ok.
Patient: Alright honey thank you
Nurse: Of course of course I'll talk to you soon. Ok. Alright
Patient: Take care.
Nurse: Alright you too bye bye.
