Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal]. Calling you back. Hi, [PHI-Personal], how are you? I'm doing good.
Nurse: Let me, uh, just pull your chart up here one second. Ok.
Patient: Yep.
Nurse: If I can pull it up here, darn it all. One second. Honey. Gotta love these computers. You know,
Patient: It's bad when you don't wanna work.
Nurse: Yeah. All right. Let me see. All right. So I left you a message today. Yes, I did. Ok. So, let me just look and see. Last time we talked. Let's see. Um, great news. You're feeling better ut I symptoms, tension. Ok. So, how are you feeling today? Are you having any new acute symptoms or anything like that?
Patient: No, I'm feeling really good today.
Nurse: Perfect. I know. Um, you walk to work, right? We talked about that. You walk to work every day.
Patient: Well, the days I work I do walk to work. Yeah. Unless it's raining or, you know, you don't like today. I didn't because of calling for rain and I thought I'll get there and when I go to home I might get wet.
Nurse: Yeah. That's not fun. Especially when it's not really that warm out. You know, it's one thing if it's warm out but when it's only 50 degrees or so, it's a little chilly.
Patient: Well, it's windy now so it, it is chilly. But, yeah, I try to walk as much as I possibly can. Oh,
Nurse: Good, good. All right. And you said you haven't, you're not having any ut symptoms or anything like that? Right. No. All right. Perfect. All right. Do you need any medication refills today?
Patient: I don't need none today.
Nurse: Ok. All right.
Patient: Well, you tell me when, when I talk to you next time. Ok.
Nurse: Yeah. And we can definitely, if for some reason you notice that it's getting like where it's lower and I haven't called you yet. You can always call me too. Ok? But, um, just so, you know, um, and then I see you have a lab appointment on 6 14 at 7 a.m. so I should probably talk to you before then, but, you know, I'd just like to update you. Um, and then how are you doing, um, watching your diet as far as your cholesterol. Are you monitoring that?
Patient: I'm trying to, I'm trying to cut back on my eating habits. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah, because I was gonna say, you know, there's not really a whole lot of signs and symptoms with hyperlipidemia, you know, you could get a little leg cramps, feet, cramps, you know, weakness in your arm or maybe some confusion. But really, honestly, the biggest thing is to have that good dietary factor. Um, you know, and then we check your blood work and always go through that. Um, as far as lifestyle changes, I always like to tell patients, you know, if you can eat a diet low in saturated and trans fat, meaning try not to eat all like the greasy fried pre made foods, you know. Yeah, they might taste good but they have a lot of fat content and cholesterol in there. Um, you know, um, and then if you can add like fruits and vegetables, beans, nuts, whole grains and regular fish, those are always a really good choice to have. Um, how do you do with processed meats? Do you try to stay away from them as far as bacon sausage and cold cuts?
Patient: I, I try to, I mean, don't get me wrong. We do have some now and then, you know. But, yeah, I got a whole lot. Perfect.
Nurse: Yeah. And then exercise is a great way to also help that cholesterol which you work to and from work or you walk to and from work. So that's pretty darn good if you ask me. Um, um, and, and then as far as choosing lean meats like chicken, turkey and fish, impossible. Those are always better, um, choices, you know, if you can increase your fiber intake because fiber is all healthy and it's soluble, which you can find that in oats, bras, fruits, veggies and beans, those actually can lower that LDL cholesterol level, which is that bad, quote, unquote, bad cholesterol that you don't want. Um, yes. Are you drinking enough water? Yes, I am. All right. Because, you know, if you drink a lot of sugary drinks, we don't really want that. We want you to increase your water intake, you know, and just practice portion, portion control and kind of monitor how much you're eating. You know. Um, another thing is, is, uh, you know, if you cut out the fried foods, but also like cookies, crackers and prema snacks because those a lot have a lot of times those have a higher fat content and they, you know, with the cholesterol and everything. So if you can, you know, make something at home versus buying it pre made, that's always a better choice as well.
Patient: Well, I need a, I don't know if, like we eat a lot of pretzels. I mean, that
Nurse: Isn't terrible. Um, you know, I, I, they, the thing is, is a lot of times you get pretzels and they say low trans fat rate on them. So as long as, you know, as long as you're not eating something like a bunch of chips every day, um, you know what I mean? Uh, and that should be all right. Um, but as far as like, I mean, like those pre made cookies and things like those, I would eat those in moderation as well because those, those do have a lot of trans fat in them. Um, you know, like the pre packaged foods, you know, like little fatty cookies and things like that. Yeah, they taste good but they're not very good for you.
Patient: Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. I have one more question. Yeah. Like, uh, in the evenings, ok, after, after we're done with our supper, well, we have to go down and feed his mom too. But when we get back from there now it's around 7 30 quarter to eight, maybe. Then I sit down to relax and I have like, I don't know if you wanna say tingling in the bottom of my feet. What is that? I mean, is that a bad sign or it just feels like how can I say this? It feels like somebody's had in there with a needle just poking me now and then
Nurse: Where is the pain at in your feet or your toes?
Patient: No, it's the bottom of my feet. Ok. About
Nurse: You said when you relax around 808 o'clock at
Patient: Night. So, yeah. Yeah. Um, that can be a little more fun.
Nurse: It feels like needles you said? Yeah. Ok. Um, let me see. I was gonna say you're not diabetic, are you?
Patient: Well, I'm on the border. She tells me
Nurse: So. Yeah, I mean, I could, I, and you don't check that at home, right?
Patient: What's that? My sugar. Yeah. Ok.
Nurse: I mean, it could definitely be something to do with your sugars. Um, sometimes if you're diabetic you get like a neuropathy. Um, but how long has that been happening?
Patient: It's only for the last couple, I'd say about two weeks now. I mean, it doesn't last long. It's just that, you know, ok, when it comes on, I, I go down with my hand and I rub the bottom of my feet a little bit and then it goes away. So I, I don't know.
Nurse: Um, I mean, I would, I would do that. Um, I'm gonna just let, um know, um, because again, I know you have a lab appointment, you know, next month. So she might want to just check your, your sugars and make sure everything's good with that. Um, you know, you could be being that you walk on your feet a lot too. Um, you know, it might just be that as well sometimes it's the shoes that we wear. Um, you know, do you have good shoes that are comfortable?
Patient: Yes, I wear good sneakers. That's what I like to wear. I mean, that they're sneakers. That's what,
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, I would definitely keep an eye on it if it gets worse. Let us know, but I'm gonna let [PHI-Personal] know in case, um, you know, um, she wants anything else done. Um, but I would, I would recommend, you know, later on in the day when you get, you know, put your feet up, make sure you're drinking enough water. Um, you know, massaging your feet shouldn't really hurt you. Um, if you notice, like, any redness or skin color changes or any edema or anything like that also, let us know. Um, and you're not having any of that. Right. It's just that, like the prickling of the. Yeah. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Yeah. You know.
Nurse: Yeah. And I'll definitely let her know. I know sometimes, like, when I work out certain shoes I wear my toes will go numb so I can't wear those when I'm running on the treadmill. Um, or really walking, I don't run. Um, but, um, but if your shoes are good and everything, I would definitely, you know, uh, keep doing what you're doing. Um, you know, it could be a couple of things. Like I said, your feet could just be tired because you're constantly on the go, could be re, you know, partly because, you know, maybe your sugars are a little off or something which she'll check at the lab appointment. Um, and if you, you know, you, you notice that you're having any other symptoms, obviously let us know. Um, you're not having, when that happens, you're not having like any chest pain or any shortness of breath or anything like that. Right. No, I don't have any of that. Ok. All right. So, yeah, so just keep doing what you're doing. I'll definitely let know if she has any recommendations. I'll definitely follow up with you. Um, you know, if not, then I'm sure she'll probably just check your blood sugar next month um and see what it is during your lab appointment. Ok. But if that gets worse, I want you to let me know. Ok.
Patient: Ok, I will, I
Nurse: Will a All right, honey, you have a good day. Ok, thank you. You're welcome. Bye bye bye
Patient: Bye.
