Nurse: [PHI-Geographic]. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. It's [PHI-Personal] again. Hey, I, I'm sorry, when I hung up the phone, I remember way, way back. I had an episode one morning where I was just shaking and carrying on and my daughter took me to the emergency room. Um, and they did, I forget the doctor's name. He come in and they did a, a marathon or whatever he called it that um they did a lot of tests on me that day and I couldn't begin to tell you, I know I had the stress test but, and the catheterization, but I couldn't tell you what all they did. So I may have had and uh and the um I looked at my papers and the date corresponds, [PHI-Personal]. You said? Yes. So that was pro that was probably it. Ok. I just didn't remember. I'm so sorry. Oh,
Nurse: No, that's ok. I was just um usually, you know, when you have an exam or an exam like that. So like an echo or your EKG, it'll say at the bottom of the documentation, it'll typically say, you know, today's results compared to previous exam on like this date. And so when I saw, you know, I didn't see that on that echo but I did see like a second, you know, the one from [PHI-Personal] in there. So, you know, because they're so far apart, it was like, well, they probably wouldn't be compared and they were done at different places. But, you know, we got it all figured out. Yeah.
Patient: Oh, good. Um, yeah, I, I don't know why that came into my mind when we were talking that this happens to me when I'm in with and I have to make a list or I forget and then sometimes I forget to talk to her about something. Yeah. But uh but I thought I would call you back and tell you no, that I don't remember the echo but I do know that they did a lot to me that day that mhm. You know, including the catheterization. So I'm thinking, yeah, that was it. I'm so sorry. That's OK. So it didn't change from that. I mean, this e the last echo compared to that one.
Nurse: You know, it doesn't say, I don't know because it was also done at [PHI-Geographic]. So, yeah, it says no prior study available for comparison. So either they didn't have it in there, you know, because the systems, so maybe the system has changed in the past 10 years, you know, I don't know.
Patient: I'm sure it has every time you learn how to use it, they change it. Yep.
Nurse: Yeah, they sure do. You use one and then they're like, oh, well, the next best thing or the next update and it's completely different. Mhm. Yeah. Ok. Well, I am still waiting for a message back but as soon as I talk or, you know, as soon as she gives me the message back, I'll give you a call.
Patient: Well, I just wanted to tell you as soon as possible because I was emphatic that. Well, I said II, I thought I would remember but I don't, I don't remember the echo. I, yeah, I do remember the stress and the catheterization. But, um, uh, you know, that day was crazy.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, that's ok.
Patient: But it all turned out. Well, I was ok. It was the, the one nurse I think she, you know, sometimes you nurses know better. She said it sounded like a panic, sounds like a panic attack to me. And, uh, so, and I caught myself one time after that I was having a confrontation with my neighbor and I started getting the same feeling. So I calm myself down that I could and, you know, that was over in no time. But the first one just scared me so bad. I called my da daughter and I can't be holding you up like this. So
Nurse: That's ok. Yeah, you're welcome. And I'll follow up with you and, um, let you know what she says. Ok,
Patient: Ok. Very good. Thank you so much. You're
Nurse: Welcome. Bye bye bye bye.
