Nurse: Hello, this is Hi, how are you?
Patient: You there? Yeah, on the TV. Ok. Uh good morning, good morning. Hey, can I ask a, a question? What number are you calling when you call? Are you calling? The 81? 36380723? I think that's the number I called. Ok, I'm trying to figure out I've had a couple of patients in the last two days that they're calling. I think the number that shows up whenever I call out and it's not routing to me, but this morning when you called it did route to me. So I'm trying to advise everyone to call whatever number that you called because I'm not uh getting this calls and voice mails. But anyhow, I got your voice mail. Can you verify your date of birth for me?
Nurse: Oh, yes. It's [PHI-Account]
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. Perfect. Let me get you opened up here. Ok, now I know you had a question about uh appointments, right? Oh, yes. Ok. Tell me what's going on.
Nurse: Um, I have an A I think I have an appointment next, next Wednesday on the third. Uh huh. Is, is that one for my, um, bone, I don't know how to say bone conduction where they have to check to see if I have carpal tunnel.
Patient: So this, let me look at something real quick. Just bear with me for just a second. Ok. Ok. Ok. It looks like your appointment on the third is for a neurodiagnostic. Has she talked to you about that? Yeah. Um,
Nurse: Yeah, I think that's the one I was, I was um, that we set up a couple of months ago. That one, is that one to check to see if I have carpal tunnel?
Patient: I don't know that it would be to check carpal tunnel. Do you have um, this, I mean, this is gonna be something that's gonna check the electrical activity of your brain. So, have you been having headaches or seizures or?
Nurse: I have asthma? Um I have a lot of seizures growing up.
Patient: Uh-huh. I'm wondering if that, let me go back and review. Maybe, let me see here. Let me go backwards. Oh, maybe for migraine. Are you still having migraines? Oh, yeah. Ok. That's probably why. Um let me go down here and look and see if that's what she's because I was thinking
Nurse: We set one up for my, to do a test on my carpal tunnel on [PHI-Personal] and then on the 31st, I think I have a sleep. Um
Patient: Oh no, maybe that, maybe that is it. So. Ok. She's one to set up an EMG. So maybe they just put it under the category of neuro diagnostics, but the EMG will um like measure the electrical activity whenever your nerve is stimulated. So maybe that is what it is. They just, they just put it in here as a neurodiagnostic. So, yes, I do believe on the third. That is what that's for is to check your, to see if you have carpal tunnel. Ok. Ok. And then it says, which I'm not super familiar. Um, but it says neurodiagnostic testing room seven at [PHI-Geographic]. You, you do, you want me to call him and try and figure out exactly where it is? Would that be helpful or do you, do you know?
Nurse: Um, I was wondering, do I, do I go straight to a missions to sign in?
Patient: I'm not, let me do this. Let me call [PHI-Geographic] and ask him and I'll give you a call like back in 10 minutes or so. Is that ok? Oh, yeah. Ok. All right. Let me call them and I'll call you right back. Ok. All right, I'll talk to you soon. Bye
Nurse: Bye. Bye bye.
