Nurse: Signal. A, this is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you?
Patient: Hi. Hi, [PHI-Personal]. Um, my name is Con Con [PHI-Personal] and I called last Friday and spoke to and spoke to someone. I think I spoke to an, an Amber. Um, and then she contacted doctor s [PHI-Personal]. I, I got sick, um, um, the Sunday before this Sunday. So, so it's been o over a week I got a really bad sore throat and a cough, but I've never had a, had a fever and she, um, asked me, you know, about my chest, my chest was fine. Um, and then she called doctor and they called back and I was supposed to call today and let them know how I feel. Well, when I called the [PHI-Personal] I, I couldn't get through. So I decided to call back here again. Um, I have cll, so I'm wondering, is that slowing me down? Do you think from getting, well,
Nurse: Give me one second here. Let me look, let me get your other chart up here.
Patient: Ok. And it all to be
Nurse: Your birthday's [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Yes. Ok. Yeah, I've taken a whole bottle of that. The cough syrup and I've been taking the, uh, CV S Mucinex, I've been taking the day and the night I've taken pretty much all of it for the last week and I, all I do is pretty much sleep and I did and I, and I don't think I, my throat's a little scratchy but it isn't as sore as it was. And I, I've never had the, I had a fever or anything but my cough, it seems like it's breaking up a little bit but I just didn't know if maybe the cll was just taking me down a little bit longer.
Nurse: It, it, it's possible, um, it's hard to tell without looking at labs, um, to see what, you know, what your white blood cells are doing to see if, you know they're up, you know, trying to combat this or if they're just not. Um, so, but I mean, I think, I think it's fair to say that you do need to be seen. Um, would you like me to call the doctor's [PHI-Personal] and get you an appointment?
Patient: Um, well, I, I guess so. I, I had an appointment with Doctor [PHI-Personal], which is my cancer doctor because I had ac T, um, on my, on my chest and he was supposed to tell me what, what he found on that and I've had to cancel that and that's supposed to be this Friday to see him again. Yeah. Yeah. But I, but I scheduled it again for this Friday. So, I don't know if I can, you know, if I'm gonna be able to go for that or not. But, well, I, I just wait a couple more days.
Nurse: Well, it's already been eight days. Today is the eighth day, if it was last Sunday when it started and with you having CLL, I don't wanna take the chance of you. Um, it, it progressing to potentially pneumonia or something like that. Um, you know what I mean? So, I think, I think it's fair that you're seen. Now. Do you, um, do you mind seeing somebody besides doctor if she's not available today
Patient: Or tomorrow? No, that's fine. That would be fine. Ok.
Nurse: All right. I will give them a call and I will call you right back. Ok. Ok. Thank you. You're welcome. You're welcome. Bye bye.
