Nurse: Hello, it's Christy. Hi, this is calling. Yeah, we keep missing each other, don't we? Yeah, it's like, oh my goodness. I better call her before leaves. Yes, my apologies about that. So let's get on your chart here. Hang on a minute. Yeah, I was gonna call you after I got done charting this person. But let me get on your chart here. I don't want to miss your phone call again. So I was like, I better answer a phone call. Yeah, I was on the phone earlier when you called. Oh, I see. Ok. So, ok. So what medications are you needing? Refilled? LORazepam? And my gabapentin gabapentin. And let me take a look at those real quick. Ok, see, reordered 4 2023 and they just gave you one, they just gave you 30 then right? For the 5 20. So you, you are almost completely out then. Correct. Correct. Of your LORazepam. Ok. Yeah, I have three left but ok, it's Wednesday and Thursday, Friday, Saturday would be my last one. Then I'm up to creek. Um, and then your, let's see, your gabapentin was ordered 3 23. Uh, yeah, two S and one caps that's three and you had 90. So that was a three month supply. 345. So I think you have, you should have another refill at the pharmacy. Do, does your bottle say you don't have another refill? Oh, you know what it says? Refill by, by 3 22. Ok. So you do you do have a refill on that bottle, I guess. Yeah. Ok. So if you don't give me a call back and let me know but your LORazepam, I can let them know that you need that. So while I have you on the phone, I do need to do that survey because I haven't talked to you for a long time and these are required to do like once a year. Um Let's see here. Let me pull you up here. Are these the same questions my doctor asked me? They might be like it's a P HQ nine like regarding depression. Let me see if I can. That's exactly what she asked me. Was this the last time that you went? Where did they ask you? Let me see here. Ok. And then let me just go over this with you real quick. And that way like you tell me if all these because you answered nothing like like you know, all of them are negative so stop me if that is incorrect. OK. So this is negative for everything here. Little interest or pleasure in doing things feeling down depressed. Or hopeless trouble falling and staying asleep, sleeping too much, feeling tired or having little energy, poor appetite or overeating, feeling bad about yourself or that you're a failure or have let yourself or your family down, trouble concentrating on things such as reading the newspaper or watching television, moving or speaking so slowly that other people could have noticed or the opposite being so fidgety or restless that you've been moving around a lot more than usual or thoughts that you would be better off dead or hurting yourself in some way and you answered. Um, no, to all those. Is that correct? Ok. So I will plug in all these same answers for on our side of it. So we don't have to do another one and then I will put in a refill for this medication. Ok. But let me know if, um, you call the pharmacy and they say that you don't have a refill on file. Give me a call back. Ok. Ok. Will do. All right, I'll get this taken care of. Hy. All right. Thank you. Let me know if you need anything else. You're welcome. Take care. Have a good day. Bye bye. You too. Bye.
