Nurse: Hello. [PHI-Personal] speaking.
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal]. Hi,
Nurse: [PHI-Personal], how you doing?
Patient: Oh, hanging in there.
Nurse: Just checking in to see how things have been. Um, uh, let's see. Last time we talked, I think you were doing really well with your migraines and, um, doing physical therapy. So, is that still the case? Uh,
Patient: No, of course not. Um, because all kinds of chaos broke out here. Um, my dad, well, I think you may have called. I, I was,
Nurse: Your dad fell. That's right.
Patient: Yeah. Right. Right. I was getting ready to load him into an ambulance and go to the hospital and he, they sent him home that night and he needed surgery, which was supposed to be Tuesday. They got in, they were getting him prepped, they gave him fentaNYL. I guess it didn't mix with his other medications while he went into AFIB. Ok. And they had to put it off and he's been at the hospital ever since. So I don't believe I've been to physical therapy in at least 2.5. Almost three weeks. The first two weeks went well.
Nurse: Oh, boy. And I've had, he, he definitely fractured something
Patient: Um, he broke his ankle on both sides and they had to put his foot back in place. They were finally able to do surgery yesterday. He's got a plate and screws on both sides of the ankle. Ok. So
Nurse: He's the one, he's the one. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah. The, uh, Doctor [PHI-Personal], uh, the Ortho guy there told him today he's looking at about, at least six months before he's gonna be able to use that foot again.
Nurse: Oh, boy. Yeah. It, those, those, those reconstructed ankles take so long to heal.
Patient: They do. Yeah. And my dad's [PHI-Personal]. So. Ok. Ok. You know that, you know, and it, it would be a lot easier for me to heal from something like that than it would be for him. But, so I haven't even been at my, I've been at his apartment since when they sent me home from the hospital because I, his dog, um, get really freaked out when they're by themselves like this. You know, they, they have never spent the night away from him in the last six years that we've had them both. So they're like, really freaking out and I've only been able to get to my apartment to like grab my stuff and come stay over here with him or with the dog. Now, hopefully they send him home tomorrow. Ok. Um, and then I know I've got a whole bunch of appointments lined up with him. I do need to get to my MRI on Tuesday, I had to get um, medication for that because I went in and I was fine. Right befo before I went in the tunnel of death there. And as soon as I got in there, I got about four or five minutes in and I just had a massive anxiety attack and I had to have them pull me out.
Nurse: Ok. Ok.
Patient: So I do have a ride um because of the medication there for Tuesday. Um, so I told physical therapy as soon as I found out what was going on with my dad, I would have to schedule my physical therapy around all of his appointments cause now he's got, er, discharge follow up, he's got Ortho follow up. We're starting with a new primary, we're starting with a new cardiologist.
Nurse: Mm. Now what, what, how, so how you gonna work that out when he comes home as far as home care? Um, they have a hard time getting around. I mean, he's not going to be able to put weight on that foot for quite some time.
Patient: No, they said it. He's not supposed to put any weight on it at all for the first two weeks until the staples come out. Right. Um, and which really confused me because doctor [PHI-Personal] told me that and then they called me from the hospital this morning going well, he didn't really do well with occupational therapy today and I'm like, he just had surgery yesterday. Right. Doctor [PHI-Personal] said no pressure whatsoever. Why are you making him do occupational
Nurse: Therapy? Occupational therapy is things and, and honestly, he needs occupational therapy right now because they wanna see what he's capable of doing at home on his own. Like, can he get his shirt on, can he, can he wash himself? Can he, you know, do these things that he needs to do every day? Um, most likely, you know. Yeah, he's just out of surgery. He could have some anesthesia left over like that. But they wanna see that he's capable of doing these acts of daily living before he goes home. Or they're gonna be saying, well, how is he gonna function at home? You know what
Patient: I'm saying? I'm, I'm right across the street from him. I have a camera in his living room. I've already moved all of his furniture out of the way to accommodate there.
Nurse: [PHI-Account]. What are? So you're accessible [PHI-Account].
Patient: Pretty much. Yes, I have the camera in his living room. I've moved his furniture all around to where like his couch is big enough to like, prop him up and for him to sleep comfortably on. And that's where he has been sleeping before surgery. Um, and I moved all the fur, the other furniture out of the way so that the walker and the scooter can make it down the hallway to the bathroom. He has been able to dress himself and everything. So, but I do have the camera. I have an Alexa in his living room that all he has to do is tell her to call me and boom, it automatically, you know, pops up in red on my screen and I know it's him. Um, and, but, and like I can, I can see his living room light turn on from my living room and my bedroom in my apartment at night got it.
Nurse: So, so he can, he's capable of getting up and getting to the toilet.
Patient: Yes. Well, at least he was before surgery.
Nurse: Yeah, that's, that, that's gonna be something I would like, I, if as, as you being the home care giver, I would have those questions ready. Like, is he capable of getting up and going to the bathroom because he needs to. Um, so if he, if he can't stand and, and walk, I, I don't know what the alternative would be to that
Patient: We have like the bedside mode or we have the little portable urinal thing, um, that he was using before and he was able to use the walker to get to the bathroom. Like I said, that was pre surgery. Um, but we do have a portable commode over at our house that I can move into the living room in place of one of the chairs that
Nurse: Near the, uh, yeah, that might be something you might might wanna consider being. Not. Now he had surgery and he's non weight bearing, um, different situation because you really should not put any weight on that foot.
Patient: So, yeah, that's, that's what Doctor [PHI-Personal] said. He said any kind of pressure at all pop those staples and, and that's gonna, yeah, it really gonna affect recover. So that's why I got him, the scooter and they had me bring it over to the hospital. Um, earlier, that's where I was when you had called earlier today. Um I had to bring the scooter, the knee scooter over there so that they, they wanna make sure at the hospital that he can maneuver the knee scooter without falling off or, you know what I mean? Actually, I'll be over here a lot more. You know, I've told work, you know, look, don't count on me for the next couple of weeks. Please don't put me on the schedule because, you know, he is gonna need more help than I was giving him before,
Nurse: Right? At least for the first couple of weeks until that, that heals. I mean, he's great.
Patient: So that he's, yeah, able to put a little bit of pressure on it. They did give him a walker. We have the regular four post walker thing there and they gave him one that's got the two stationary legs and two wheels wheels to help him get around a little bit better. Um, but yeah, he is gonna need a lot more help. So now, unfortunately, I have to work my appointment around all of his neck.
Nurse: I know. And that's stressful because you were making progress. I know you have to go back, you know, that
Patient: First, that first PT appointment with her, putting my neck, like, I guess, kind of like back into place and not waking up with a headache that next morning was like, huge because that's been years since I've been able to get up without a headache.
Nurse: No, that is huge. It is huge. Well, I hope you can get back at some of your therapy. I know you're, you know, this is like an, a temporary but urgent situation that you have to be there for your dad. But hopefully you could squeak in an appointment or two for yourself so that you can maintain this good, um, you know, uh, life without headaches. I mean, that's
Patient: Right. Yeah, I wanna, I, that's why, you know, and this, it seems like every single time I get back on track with either physical therapy because I've been trying physical therapy on and off for years and it seems like just when I start to get on track, something does happen at home to where I have to be at home more. And then it's like the not, I mean, the break from working is ok because, well, yes and no, no, because I'm not getting as much physical activity as I was. But when I was talking to Wednesday at pain management. The jobs I'm actually doing is causing a lot of the issue in my neck.
Nurse: Yeah, you're doing a lot of physical
Patient: Stuff. Um, yes. And it's all mostly arms shoulders, you know, between housekeeping and doing, um, you know, the laundry attendant over at the hotel, I guess I had switched from housekeeping to laundry because house keeping was getting too much on my back and really, you know, shooting fire up my spine while I was working. So I switched the laundry, which was easier on my back. But now I've traded out that I've got more of the shoulder and our motion going. So that's putting more pressure on my neck. So. Oh, boy. I don't know. Last summer my mom all summer long and this summer it looks like, you know, you have something that, but, yeah, at least once I get his appointments on the books on Monday, I will be able to schedule my appointments in between time because it's usually only about 45 minutes to an hour at physical therapy. So I can set it up in a, at a time during the day where I know. Ok. You know, look, you're all set for the morning. I'm going to run out for an hour and be back. He'll be ok. Right. Right. You know, it's just a matter of now having all these new appointments to work around.
Nurse: Right. Yeah, I, I get it. Well, best of luck to trying to get everything together again though, if he, um, stays on his, um, you know, whatever is recommended for him so that he doesn't put weight on that and it heals, it'll, it'll just be a couple weeks, hopefully. And you could get back to your,
Patient: We do have, I do already have PTOT and the wound care nurse set up to start coming out next
Nurse: Week. Yeah. That's good. That's good. Yeah, they'll probably a couple times a week I would think. And you should have nursing coming too. Probably. Right.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah, I think she's gonna send nursing out first. Just
Nurse: So. So you might wanna, um, you might want to check in with the case manager at the hospital and see if there's anyone from Bureau of the Aging that would send somebody in to, like, maybe wash him or help him wash or something like that, like twice a week and give you a couple hours of maybe even light housekeeping and stuff like that. That might help you a lot. And there are programs to do that. So you might wanna check with the, um, hospital case manager and ask her, hey, what other programs could I reach out to, to get some home assistance for my dad? Um, they do have programs like that. So you might wanna look into that?
Patient: See, now, I know when we were checking into stuff like that last summer when my mom was sick to try to, like, give my dad a hand with her at home while I was at work. All those services right now are limited because of COVID. Well, they
Nurse: Were, but they're picking back up now. Um, they were but a lot of ones now that my patients didn't have access to because of COVID are kicking back. And, um, a lot of them are so, definitely, especially now. I mean, he's alone and you, you, you know, and he has a fracture and he, I think he would be, um, eligible for a lot of assistance at home. So, and they are more, um, more so now, um, have availability. So definitely ask, definitely ask, I would definitely make because that's gonna ease your burden. Um, as far as, uh, you know, even if they come, you might be able to get meals on wheels for him. That'd be amazing. You'd have his meals delivered. Um, you may be able to get some kind of, uh, you know, uh, an aid a couple times a week to, to shower him. Um, you might be able to get somebody come in and do some, some, um, other laundry, housekeeping things like that. So I would definitely ask because yes, that is more available now.
Patient: Right. Definitely. Yeah, I'll, um, I think her name is, I had talked to her this morning and I know I'll get to talk to her again. Um, definitely I
Nurse: Him they have, uh, they should be able to list, uh set you up with a list of, of, of places that you could call and try to get some help at home, for sure, for sure. Ok. All right,
Patient: Definitely. Yeah, I'll definitely, uh, check in with [PHI-Personal] on that. Good,
Nurse: Good. Ok. Well, best of luck to you. Um, thanks for calling me back. I really hope you do. Well, I really hope you can get back in therapy soon. If there's anything we could do from our end, just reach out and let us know. Ok, and
Patient: Again. All right, thanks so
Nurse: Much. You're welcome. Bye bye now.
