Nurse: I seen,
Patient: Huh? Hey, [PHI-Personal], this is [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Hi. Yes. Give me one second. Let me get back to your chart here. What's your date of birth?
Patient: [PHI-Account].
Nurse: What's your last name?
Patient: Taco Bell? I'm kidding. It's Tega. Ok. O RT [PHI-Geographic].
Nurse: Ok. Let me try putting it that way. And you said [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Account] correct? Yeah. Ok, perfect. Give me one second here. Sorry. It took me a minute to get your chart pulled up
Patient: If I don't answer right by. Give me one second. I'm just grabbing a pen. Ok.
Nurse: Yeah, no problem. Ok. So it looks like you called in. Yes. Oh, yep. Go ahead. Ok. Um I see that you called in saying that you want an earlier appointment. You're not feeling well? Is that correct?
Patient: That's not what, what I thought, but close enough anyhow, my lungs are bothering me. Right. I know that I have all these issues so I know how to deal with it. But, you know, ever since they diagnosed me with the spinal stenosis, I'm at a name now, but I'm leaving here because they're not taking care of me like I was taking me taking care of at home. So I'm gonna go back to get my caregiver, get her back and let him take care. Uh, you know, did that. I'm not even gonna speak about the place, but my back is bothering me and the center of my chest, you know, always bothers me and I'm having like the shooting pain where my, where that pain on my mom from the, all the way through the back. I don't know what that is. Are you having any trouble breathing? I'm sorry. Are
Nurse: You having any trouble breathing?
Patient: I go for a few days but, you know, I'm on the oxygen and that's how I'm able to talk to you pretty clear now.
Nurse: Ok. What, um, how many liters of O2 are you on
Patient: Right now? I'm just, I'm on three right now. They had me on five. I brought it back down because I've been trying to wean myself off for years and it's like it's never gonna happen. Yeah. And I understand if I may have to be on this for life. But, you know, I'm, I'm trying anyway, um, I'm not, and I still breathe no matter what I take that damn test I did in the hospital. I, I went on up to 88 they freaked out and they, up my, my oxygen there. You could read it because it was the last time I was there or the time before I was there. Ok. So kept me there for a few days and um, they upped my oxygen level to seven or eight. I think it was. Oh goodness. Ok. Just so I can get it going. But this was while I was walking and every time I take the walking pill it would always come out 90 something, 95. And I can't never get that portable oxygen, which is what I need because I'm gonna be traveling and I can never go any freaking where
Nurse: You can't get a portable oxygen. Is that what you
Patient: Said? Yeah, I want the little one that I can take on the plane. I can never take anything. Ok? He, he, we had to talk to him and I, but then you know, he got sick and I don't like to burden him even though he's my doctor. I love him to death. You don't know. That's why I can't stand one, you know, having to [PHI-Geographic] and he knows that, you know, the thing that my kids, you know what they did while I was here, they gave all my stuff away and whatever else they threw away. They got me a house, listen to this. They got me one. I've been asking for a tiny house so they rented me one to see if I can live in it. But guess where it's at, you could tell him until he la it's in [PHI-Geographic] where I'm supposed to be with the boys. I have two boys. Yeah. And you already, they've already started furnishing it. I'm like you guys, I, like they said, mom, we got this, we know you already and I, you know, they made me so happy and proud of them. I said, I hope that you guys did not throw something that I really wanted. He said, mom, he said they were both laughing when they were telling me, they said, trust me, you can't even see back on the truck. They came in to take the stuff with them. They took a lot of stuff. Yeah. But I've been moving forever and I haven't gone anywhere yet because I don't wanna leave doctor and I don't wanna leave doctor and doctor, um, [PHI-Personal] because they're the ones especially doctor. So they save me and I can't see me, you know, I don't trust anybody. My other one, I love doctor whenever I'm there. Even if I'm not patient. He always to check on me, you know? Yeah. And I hope you're fine. I, I really never gonna do this. This ii, I know that I'm gonna have to be, but I'm not ready to leave yet. And the kids, they letting me take a couple of months to do what I have to do. But I'm worried about the stupid pain that I've never had before like that. And it's annoying me and I don't know if it's the spinal stenosis or just my lungs.
Nurse: Ok. Does it hurt when you, like, take deep breaths or is it like a constant pain?
Patient: Uh, just when I, when they told me to take deep breath tingles, I have a hard time with the deep breath thing. It always makes me cough. Ok. So I, but I do my breathing test, you know, I do my breathing exercises because that's one of the things I have to practice is to breathe in deeply and let out the air slowly. Mhm. You don't know what kind of exercises now for, for walking because I don't wanna be in this wheelchair.
Nurse: Yeah. I don't blame you
Patient: On the side of that wheelchair. And I'm walking with my cane and I know every now and then I got on it because I can't take it. I'm hoping the pain just goes away but I don't wanna keep taking pain that,
Nurse: Yeah, I understand that. Um, what would you rate your pain on a scale? 1 to 10? 10 being the worst
Patient: On my chest. It's like an eight or a nine. And then in the morning is the worst. Like, when I got up I, I'm afraid because it's like, I ha, I take that deep breath that I try to get every morning and that can start pain from my, from the front of my chart to the back.
Nurse: Ok. Um, how long has this been going on?
Patient: Well, right after I caught COVID, I got COVID when I got here, that's another thing. So freaking wrong. I only feel I got inside his home. I'm at Saint [PHI-Personal] um nursing and um the therapy. So I my therapy here and I stay here. I got it here. I got it. I was quarantined for 10 days and then my insurance decided they wanted to deny everything else. So I'm basically here on my own time, but I'm trying to get out of here and these people don't like come visit me. So I'm just gonna end up having to walk out the front door without them. And I don't wanna do that because I do need the care to or not, you know, walking my, my exercise, I do need the therapy. So I don't know, I'm just going through a lot of stress with that pain. That's starting to scare me because it's not something that's common with me. And it's more.
Nurse: And you said it was since you were diagnosed with COVID, correct? And
Patient: Then, you know, I, I was throwing up, I didn't have a fever though during COVID, but I was throwing up in my body, even though it was already aching from the stenosis. It was horrible. Ok. That feeling like my head was gonna blow up. Uh,
Nurse: Are you taking pain meds?
Patient: How often? Every six hours? Ok.
Nurse: And that's strictly for this pain.
Patient: Yeah, just for the pain. And I don't, I really, honestly, I don't, it's the, um, the traMADol and the oxyCODONE without acetaminophen because I'm allergic to Aceta medicine, like anything with it. But I'm having the issue where it's like they really don't. They're really not working. It's like, it's not strong enough for me or something. I don't know, that pain is ridiculous. It's on my bone from my butt and it was just like around my waistline, just around, like the back of my leg. Now it's shooting to the bottom of my leg and the pain is ridiculous. And I try to see a doctor here and I have not been able to talk to one. I talked to one like three weeks ago and then the pain doctor, the pain doctor, all he's gonna do is give me pain meds. I need to speak to a physician. Yeah. And uh, that's why I'm getting out of here. I've already made all these appointments with doctor, doctor, doctor. So I got a, I got an appointment for neurology with the neurosurgeon. Uh, you know, Doctor [PHI-Personal], doctor, [PHI-Personal] there. I'm gonna see him because I, I need help and I'm not getting in here.
Nurse: Where did you say you're, you're at right now?
Patient: Um, um, [PHI-Personal], it's, uh, it's in, it's on [PHI-Geographic]. It's 10, 400 [PHI-Geographic]. Ok. But I, I told my sister she doesn't show up and tries to help me get out of here in the next couple of days. I, I'm already at, I'm ready here. Just walk out the front door order a list and just go. Yeah,
Nurse: I'm sorry to hear that. Um, what I can do for right now is I can, I'll route all this over to the doctor and then I can see what, like, what his management would be, um, what he suggests. Does that sound good?
Patient: Yeah, that sounds great. You still let him know though, that there is no decision making. As far as me getting out of here, I will be out of here if you can get out of your fine. But the only thing they did for me was that my chest was hurting when I was after my 10 days of COVID. They let me go to the hospital. I said I don't feel well, I said I need to be seen and they see me. He says that everything looks fine and that's it. They gave me morphine and they let me go home.
Nurse: Ok? Yeah, let me get this over to him and see what we can do for you. Ok?
Patient: Just tell him I told him before, don't leave me stuck and he knows that he never leaves me stuck anywhere. He like, yeah, he, he's a great doctor. He I don't care what anybody, a lot of people complain but he saved my life. So II I got a lot of, I love for him and doctor [PHI-Personal], these doctors are amazing.
Nurse: Yeah, they are very good.
Patient: Yeah, I always tell him that he says I'll stop it. I'm just so happy that his health has improved a lot too. Then doctor, this is like first doctor he has his heart attack and then I thought he was gonna be gone. Then he come back looking all cut and young. I told him, I said the same thing. I said, what's wrong with these guys? They said they can't meet me and I, that's kind of weird but you can't just trust anybody anymore. I, my kids, yeah. My kids are having a hard time with me saying that I said, no, I said, I, I don't wanna, I have other doctors. I said they found everything, they found everything where nobody found it for so many years that I was suffering no way. You know, I have severe asthma and then now the eosinophils, they're the ones that found it. Nobody else found it. And I was seeing doctors forever, you know. Yeah. So I don't wanna go get lucky. I si wanna go ahead and get lucky with a, with a doctor better than, um, yeah, my, so stop being sarcastic because they know they know and they met my kids before. Yeah. My kids live in [PHI-Geographic]. I only have two boys and they want me home. They don't want me here. So, but I just let him know, but I will be, there is no question about it. Let him know. I will be getting out of here soon. I don't know exactly what date, but I will be out of here.
Nurse: Ok. Yep, I will let him know I will put this into him and then I will call you back as soon as I hear back. Ok. Oh
Patient: God bless you and tell them that they did give me an appointment for the [PHI-Personal] at nine. Ok. From [PHI-Personal]. So I was like, wow, can I get anything earlier? But I know how his schedule is and if he can get me in sooner, you told him I said thank you. That's another thing he does break me in a little earlier and somebody always do
Nurse: That. I can put that request in for you. Ok.
Patient: No, I just don't wanna wait that long. I want him to be able to check and let me know what it is and maybe, maybe not, you know what I mean? Yeah. Ok. Thanks a lot for returning my call. I really do appreciate it and you told me my have a wonderful day and you as well. Ok.
Nurse: Thank you so much.
Patient: All right. God bless you. You too. Thanks. All right. Bye bye.
