Nurse: This is [PHI-Personal]. May I help you? Hi, good afternoon. My name is [PHI-Personal]. I'm calling regarding my mother, [PHI-Personal]. Yes, ma'am. Um, I, I received a return call from [PHI-Personal] earlier, um, for a return call regarding my mother. Ok, just a moment. Thank you. Hi, this is [PHI-Personal]. Hi, good afternoon. My name is [PHI-Personal]. I'm returning your call uh, regarding my mother, [PHI-Personal]. Oh,
Patient: Hi, how are you?
Nurse: I'm good. How are you?
Patient: I'm good. Let me just jump into her chart here quick. Ok.
Nurse: Ok. Her date of birth is 10, 16 53.
Patient: Perfect. Ok. So it looks like you have not, we haven't done your, um, her intro call yet. Um, let me hop out of this here real quick. Uh I'm trying to do too many things at one time. Uh,
Nurse: Now do you mean the intro call on your part or do you mean? Ok. I was just wanting to make sure because a girl had called me a while ago. Um, ok, I think it was probably back around Easter.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: And she, you know, went through a good bit of information. Ok, I was trying to save you time if there was something you didn't have to do.
Patient: Um, well, no, I mean, she probably pretty much told you everything. You know, basically this is a program that doctors are using now just to kind of lessen the phone calls into the office. It helps out the nurses in the office. Um, we have access to everybody's medical records. I am a licensed nurse. So like if there's any questions or concerns you can guys can reach out to me. Um, and then I can get in touch with the doctor. Kind of expedites the care a little bit because then you don't have to wait for them to the office to call you back and all that stuff. I can get in touch with them right away and all that fun stuff. So basically
Nurse: I contacting the office with an issue all of a sudden, I don't know what happened regarding her medication, but her meds are a mess and her prescription company keeps calling me, which I certainly don't mind my mom, I'll do what I gotta do, but the office tell me they have no record of my mom having ever, uh, her 7 50 she's almost out of it. I had a little bit extra but she's almost out of it. They're telling me at the pharmacy they call, of course, you know, they wait until a Friday at like five o'clock to call me. Right. You know.
Patient: So what is it that she's, that they're not seeing
Nurse: Keppra 7 50. I called into the office like two weeks ago and I've spoken with the [PHI-Geographic] and she told me that there was no record of my mom having Keppra at 7 50. I'm like, she's been on it since like [PHI-Personal]. So or 15, probably.
Patient: Ok. So we have it on, we have it at, at 250 mg twice a day, one
Nurse: Of each, twice a day, you know, she takes a [PHI-Account] and her morning dose of pills and then again in the evening dose of pills. Ok. I honest to God, I don't know what could have happened there because she has been getting it and she, she's been taking them like that originally, she was prescribed, um, two of each twice a day and she wasn't having knock on wood. She wasn't having seizure activity and she was really tired and stuff. So we knocked it back to, um, you know, twice, one, each, twice a day.
Patient: Ok. So, yeah, it looks like, so somebody had sent a message to [PHI-Personal] and [PHI-Personal] said that it was discontinued and then, uh, she be taking s OK. Then Doctor [PHI-Personal] said if she's been taking the 7 50 twice a day and 2 50 twice a day, ok, to continue on these. Um, and then it looks like on the [PHI-Personal], there was a letter sent out did you guys get a letter in the mail? Oops.
Nurse: Uh not that I'm aware of, but my mom's caregiver seems to be throwing away a lot of mail.
Patient: Oh, gracious. So on the [PHI-Personal] they sent a refill request letter uh as soon as I ok, let me get back in there. Um cent letter [PHI-Account]. Ok, hold on, let me go back out of here. It looks like there was a letter sent. Yeah, you should have gotten a letter in there. Um, ok. Who is her pharmacy,
Nurse: Uh, exact care? Because I had called in several weeks ago and asked them to do a verbal order because they said they had called it in. And I said, well, you know, they're saying that they didn't get any fax record, you know, the prescription. Could you do a verbal order? And the girl I spoke with then said, yeah, you know, they do a verbal order. Well, then the pharmacy called me again and they told me, well, you know, we still didn't get this but she's on like, on her third, but this is like the third month where she doesn't, you know, she doesn't have it, you know, included in her, uh, in her prescription, you know, like in the pill pack. Ok. Hm. Ok.
Patient: What's that?
Nurse: I said, I think the pharmacy started alerting me a little late.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah, it sounds like it. Um, yeah, I'm just trying to think of because at first
Nurse: They told me, well, you know, the authorization had run out and they had to get another prior authorization for it. Which, ok, fine. I understand all that stuff, you know, like with authorizations for the meds and everything. And then they hadn't called me back about the Keppra rather, they called me about the omeprazole and said that, you know, it was denied and the doctor's office also called me and said that it was denied and asked me, well, does she need to take it? And I'm like, well, yeah, you know, she needs to take it. So, you know, she has trouble with heartburn and stuff and they told me, well, if I had any, what I could do is knock her back to every other day or they could try to do another authorization. I said, well, I could try that, but she's having, you know, the acid reflux, she said where it feels like it's coming up the back of her throat, you know, like when she goes to bed at night. Ok. So both of them are kind of, uh, a wicked mess with both. So I don't know if it's the exact care, honestly, exact care has done this before and said that. Oh, well, you know, we didn't get anything from the doctor's office when the office told me, yes. You know, they had send it in, they had the successful fax and so forth. Ok. You know how all that works. I do. Yeah,
Patient: I do. I'm just trying to find other documents stating because it looks like on our end, the letter was sent for the refill request. So that should have been sent to exact care and then it says then there's a prior auth for the omeprazole as well. So that what is that was sent in to be refilled as well? Um ok, hold on, I'm just reading this triage between the doctor and the other nurse. Ok, so, ok, so tell me again, so you did change her to doing the, with the omeprazole. She's taking it every other day now.
Nurse: No, I put her back on every day as long as she has it in the pill pack. Yeah, because she was complaining like I said that she was having it come up the back of her throat, you know, like especially during the night and stuff and, you know, I told her we try watching what you eat before you go to bed, things like that. I mean, my, my mom have the, you know, the old that b diet. So uh yeah, so um yeah, she's, I, I don't know what else to do with it. I mean, I know you can buy it over the counter and stuff but she's been getting it by prescription. So I just don't get what the pharmacy is doing at this point.
Patient: Right? Um I mean, he or uh let's see, was that doctor [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. I mean, Doctor [PHI-Personal] said that you guys can try Protonix. It looks like here, was it not being covered by insurance? I'm confused. I don't understand why they had to do a prior authorization for that. Is that what it was? It wasn't being held.
Nurse: No, it was being covered all this time. It's a few years she's been on it. So I don't understand what the pharmacy like issue is all of a sudden that, you know, we're having in having a problem with it, that or the camera to tell you the truth. Um And I said, well, obviously she wouldn't be on either if she didn't need it, you know, so the pharmacy is just content with ing out the, you know, the, the box of the meds with the pill packs in it with, you know, now she doesn't have the omeprazole or the 7 50 Keppra. And, you know, I said I don't have any extra of the omeprazole to be giving her, say that again. Not, not unless this new box they do have it included, but she didn't receive that one yet for the month. So now her Keppra, I only, the only way I'm giving her the 7 50 is before when she was prescribed it, you know, like 22 times a day and I had cut her back to the one time a day because she seemed like lethargic and stuff, you know, therapy was coming to the house and she was tired and, you know, so I had knocked her back so I had extra of the 7 50 but that supply is dwindled now. So, you know, she definitely, yeah, she need that if I have to get over the counter stuff that the insurance won't cooperate if that's what it is, you know, like an insurance issue that for some reason they're not going, which I understand, you know, things fall on and off the formulary list. Um, I mean, I can get it over the calendar but, um, the, of course, there's not a question of that. I can't, of course, you know, that, you know, that, that, that's a prescription. Right. Right. It's not a seizure med. That's why I don't understand like, what, you know, if it's the insurance, like what the issue would be with it. Right. You know, at this point.
Patient: Yeah. So who prescribed that? Was it, um, her neurologist or was it Doctor [PHI-Personal]? The
Nurse: Coverage originally? It was a, a neurosurgeon at the, um, oh, my goodness. At the, uh, the acute rehab. She was at back in like [PHI-Personal]. Um, and then doctor has just continued on with it, you know?
Patient: Ok. So I'm wondering if, if I could get them the original order, you know, I wonder if that would help or at least find it. So I can, you know what I mean? Uh, so I'm looking here, I have one from [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. Right here. It has it on there. Keppra 7 50 take two tabs by mouth two times daily and then Keppra 2 50 take one tablet by mouth two times daily. So, yeah, I mean, it is in there.
Nurse: Mm. Yeah, because until she came home from acute rehab and then, um, you know, until we had waivers set up, she was in a skilled nursing facility and she was getting it then as well. So, um, you know, even prior to her coming home. So, you know, like I said, she's been on it. I wouldn't trust to take her off of it because, I mean, with certain caregivers we've had over there that been missed medication doses and, you know, that she does have some seizure activity.
Patient: Yeah. So, do you guys have, um, do you have like round the clock care for her? You do 24 hour? Ok.
Nurse: Yeah, there's a live in caregiver there. Oh, nice. Oh, well, yeah. Yeah, it, it is what it is. You know, it's like we have even changed agencies like we were with the same agency for several years and we just recently changed at the beginning of this year we changed and I'm gonna have to do something because the girl that's there now, I mean, on Saturday we had an issue where the pill container was going off early in the morning and she's calling us like, oh, you know, the pill container is going off. It won't stop buzzing. Well, it has a battery pack to it. Mhm. Um, it comes through Star alert and it has, uh, a battery pack underneath it, but it also has like an ac adapter that you plug it in. And of course, when it's plugged in it charges the batteries. Well, it was unplugged in a cell phone charger was plugged in.
Patient: Oh, my gosh.
Nurse: So that meant that the battery pile and this is the third time now that this has happened. So losing my patients. Um, and I, my mom takes insulin, you know, and she has to take, if her sugar is over like 1 50 she's on that sliding scale then where she have to add two units which would make it eight units. Um I've already asked the caregiver, you know, just testing her, you know, like, well, you know, she needs help with this. Can you make sure that's died in? Right? And she tells me she can't see the, the numbers on the pen.
Patient: What can I get some reading glasses?
Nurse: Well, I honestly not to be a jerk but I think a lot of it is, um, she's been there since like [PHI-Personal] and I have sent her text messages already. Like, how's mom today? Uh, this, that she has yet to ever text me back. I honestly, I don't think that she has an understanding of reading with English.
Patient: Oh, no. How does she do any charting or, I mean, doesn't she have to chart on your mom? Doesn't she have to do some nurse note or something?
Nurse: I don't believe so. I mean, I have to sign off on these like, uh, papers like graph but all they are check marks that they put in there, you know, like for bathing, cooking, things like that. Um, and, you know, I see check marks but I don't know that it's, that she has an understanding of it because if I text her she'll, like, within a few minutes she'll usually call me then and say, oh, I missed a call from you. I'm like, no, I didn't call you. I text you. Oh, ok. It's a, it's a, it's a rather big problem and my mom has eyesight issues since that brain surgery. I mean, she's considered legally blind and I need to know that her numbers that are written in her book are right for when she takes her insulin readings and I'm seeing that it's being done once a day. I don't know if it's that. It's not just that it's not documented. Um, but I look in her book and, you know, like one day it is the three times a day but there's more one time a day than what? There are three.
Patient: Ok. How are her, how are her numbers? Like, are they pretty stable her blood sugars or are they all over the place?
Nurse: They seem like they've been holding steady. Um, I know the other week she had one that was like 1 58 I think it was. And, you know, luckily I was there, you know, and I said to her, well, you know, you have to have two units for that month and, you know, she got it, you know, she dialed in the other two units and stuff. But from what I'm seeing it looks like it's ok. But I know right now she doesn't have the best diet. Um, she's been having to me they seem like they're a little lower, you know, like in the [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Oh, that is kind of low. Yeah.
Nurse: And my mom's not willing to eat her cooking. So my mom gets those mom's meals and, I mean, the freezer has been packed downstairs. I'm not seeing that it's dwindling. So, do you think
Patient: She's being fed? I mean,
Nurse: Uh, from what I see, I can honestly say I don't see any evidence that unless I'm taking food over there or my aunt that any food is being made because I can go over there. Um, last night again we were over from like, four until 78 o'clock and the caregiver didn't come out of the room to make anything for dinner.
Patient: Oh, I mean, that's, that's neglect from a caregiver standpoint. I mean, that should be reported to her
Nurse: From what she's telling me. Is that like, she'll make my mom something eat. My mom will come out, look at it. She'll be like, no, I don't want that and then go and, like, make herself, you know, like tea and toast or something. And I'm like, she can't be eating tea and toast all the time. Right? And stuff. When I go over, my mom will say I'm hungry. Can you make me pancakes? And I'm like, you know, well, yeah, she is so she won't make anything that's, or Ok. My mom, so, yeah, my mom trouble over there. I'm like, you can't be giving this to my mom. She doesn't like it, you know, she has stomach issues and. Right. Right. Yeah. I mean, things have significantly gone downhill. I mean, the caregiver was, she seemed like she was doing a good job. I mean, I know my mom can be difficult but, you know, as a caregiver I think, you know, like, if your client or your patient doesn't wanna eat what you're making, you know, that comes from your country and stuff, then you should adapt.
Patient: Yeah. No, I agree. I mean, she definitely, I mean, she's, yes, your mom needs a strict diet. She needs a diabetic diet and she needs, um, you know, something that's not gonna cause her the indigestion because
Nurse: I'm not seeing, you know, like a significant weight loss or anything, you know, mom had gained weight. But then again, it's like, what are you eating? You know, like, other than your sugar free snacks stuff that we bring over here and stuff, you know, like if I make chicken noodle soup I'll take it over. Um, you know, I've taken stuff over quite a bit and I made stuff for her when I'm over there. But, like I said, now, you know, like the time of day where you would think the time of day where you would think supper should be made, it, it's not being done.
Patient: Ok. Huh. Um,
Nurse: Not that I see anyway. And, you know. Right.
Patient: Hm. Is she? So you're the caregiver? I mean, she speaks English and, and she understands that, I mean, is she,
Nurse: Uh, she speaks very, very broken English? I mean, like, when I'm on the phone with her, uh, or even when I'm there with her, I'm always like, excuse me, you know, can you repeat that and stuff and it takes a lot of thinking until you, you get through and I've asked her already, you know, like, oh, well, if you need stuff from the store, you know, make us a store list, keep a running list going and she won't write a list or text one. Ok. Yeah. So, I think there's a big problem with, you know, communication and I'm like, if you can't communicate with me as I can't communicate with your patient, I'm sorry, to be blunt, you know, that's how I feel about it.
Patient: Does she have any type of medical background? The caregiver?
Nurse: Uh, I haven't really asked her personal questions but I, I'm hoping she does. Um, when we got the agency, I asked them, you know, if she's familiar with, you know, taking care of a diabetic patient, of course, all the answers were. Yes. Yes. Yes. Ok.
Patient: Um, I would be, I don't know, looking into that or requesting somebody else or asking those questions because, yeah, I mean, if she's got that kind of broken English, she might not be able to read that, you know, anything that she needs as far as, I don't know, I don't
Nurse: Know. Not that that has to do with my mom's care, but she has to like clock in on a landline phone. So we have to have a landline installed and I messaged a woman at the agency several times. You need to, you know, can you send someone here to teach her how to clock in because I can't do it. I'm not your employee. I, I it's not up to me to do that and if I show her how to do something wrong, she's not going to be getting paid and stuff. Well, they never, you know, they never send anybody. The lady always dances around it. Uh I just, I don't even know how to word it, you know, for me to call the agency and be like, you know, there's like a big communication gap here. You know, I don't wanna be picking at her because she's from another country which doesn't really matter to me. You know, it's that, I don't think that she is capable of taking care of my mom properly. Right. There's a lot of stuff where I don't think she's capable of, you know, efficiently taking care of my mom, let alone anyone else really. I mean, I go over there, I have to clean up after every time I go over, she's sitting on her phone or on the tablet. I don't see her do anything.
Patient: Oh, yeah, that's not good. Especially in your mom's condition, you know.
Nurse: Yeah. Oh, my. Uh, we had the other agency and, you know, we had some real winners and, uh, you know, this, you know, the girl, this girl here, honestly, she wasn't doing too bad when she, you know, in the first, so long when she started, but it's significantly gone downhill.
Patient: Have you looked into, like, area aging to see what they have available? Like, if they have any other resources for you, if there's any other agencies that they would be able to get you in touch with?
Nurse: Um, I had been in touch with them several times already. Um, I had actually switched my mom's care coordinator with health to a girl who was local. Um, I don't know where you're located but she was local to my mom and myself because the service coordinator, she had previously, they were out of [PHI-Geographic] area. So, of course they have a heck of a lot more resources down there. So I switched to [PHI-Personal] service coordinators because like I said, this girl was local and she's actually my sister's mom's care coordinator. I've been trying to get a hold of her for about three weeks and I can't reach her. So I contacted [PHI-Personal] and I'm waiting for a call back from them so that I can speak with whomever might be her current service coordinator. I'm kind of stuck with that right now. Ok. Hm. I mean, my mom, my mom can function, she can do things. She's not at the capa, my mom can function. She's not at the capacity where she, she tech doesn't need a, a skilled living facility. And, uh, to me I won't even put that on the table, you know, like, if I could get an efficient caregiver there, it would be great. Right.
Patient: Yeah. Um, yeah, because then that's gonna give you peace of mind too. And then that takes stress off of you worrying if she's being cared for properly and if she's getting her medications the way she should and all that stuff, you know, having that good caregiver.
Nurse: Yeah, I have, we have cameras over there and I guess they think I can't see, you know, when I see you sitting for hours at the kitchen table on a tablet, the phone and you're not up doing anything with my mom, you know, like, get her up, let's do some exercises, walk around the living room. Let's go outside. It's a nice day out, you know, that 10 really agitate me.
Patient: Yeah, that would be. Now, is she ambulatory? I, yeah. Ok.
Nurse: That's good. Yeah, I mean, she, she, the help of a roller walker, but,
Patient: Right, she's not in a wheelchair.
Nurse: No, thank God.
Patient: Yeah, they should definitely be getting her outside, even if it's just sitting on the porch just getting the sunshine, you know, fresh air all of that. Hm. Well, I mean, yeah, I don't know. That's, that's frustrating because there are other agencies around. But it's like, you know, you said you already recently switched agencies. Do you wanna do that again or do you wanna just try and get a different caregiver, you know?
Nurse: Yeah. Well, I mean, with the agency, I mean, I, you know, my, right now, um, I'm, oh, how do I even work? This sound like I'm not trying to take care of my mom, but I, my mom's on a waiver program. I mean, she has, she gets AAA very modest, uh, benefit with my dad having passed away two years ago and when she gets that money it goes right into her savings account. Well, it's left alone and then it accumulates, of course. And I'm like, ok, well, this is how we afford to do repairs around the house. So, um, her life [PHI-Personal] little on the high side. I mean, it's like 100 and some dollars a month. You know, for two people in a house and I'm like, this is a little high. So, um, I had come in and of course, I mean, like honest to God, her stone that was there, it was probably, I think her, my dad bought it when they bought the ho, you know, when they bought the house, um, the refrigerator again, several years old. So I wanted to get more energy efficient. Um, so I said to her, well, mom, you know, you have money in your savings. Let you know, I, we gotta, you know, do stuff around the house like we always do. I said, so I said, how about, you know, I look into getting a, a new stove, a new refrigerator. Well, she was on board with that. So I literally, these appliances were delivered the weekend after Easter. We're over there just last night and I look at this top stove and it's like that finishes off on one of the burners. It's like silver.
Patient: Oh my gosh.
Nurse: So I took pictures of it and, and there in area they're certified, you know, like repair people for the name brand of the stove. I sent that picture. So I want, I'm waiting to hear back from them to see, uh, you know, if they, if it could be repaired. Um, but if, if, if it's damaged done by consumer, then the warranty isn't, you know, el it's only like factory defect. So, I mean, the stove is only there a month and I'm afraid that, like, the glass might break or something. I don't know what might happen to it. So I did message the Caregiver agency last evening, you know, when I got home after, you know, I was living about the stove and, uh, they do have liability insurance, but they're saying, oh, well, I'd have to pay for it and then be reimbursed. And I'm like, I just bought $1500 worth of appliances. My mom doesn't have the money. Right. So, yeah, I am, I, I'm holding off but hopefully it's only gonna be a couple days, but I needed to talk to them. Really. I wanted to talk to her service coordinator first. That's why I've been trying to get a hold of her service coordinator so I can speak with her about, you know, her contacting the agency and saying, ok, well, here are the problems that we're having and we need to switch out. Right. Yeah, I know if I was having problems with the caregiver, you know, she would reach out to the agency to, you know, you know, I have the caregiver switched out rather be calling like it was with the previous service coordination, service coordinator.
Patient: Yeah. And that's the best way to do it is let her handle that because that's, you know, that's what she's there for, you know, she's there to be able to, to take those issues and those problemss and see what you can do to make them right for you. You know?
Nurse: But as of right now, like I said, I'm waiting on a call back from, I called them earlier today. Health, you know, for, uh, I couldn't down with work for a return call. I mean, I gave it the benefit of the doubt, I thought, well, just maybe, you know, like the, our service coordinator that we had, I thought, well, you know, maybe she has, like, some time and, you know, and she's on vacation or something, but now this is the third week where I've been trying to reach her and, you know, I'm not getting anywhere. I'm getting that her voice mailbox is full and not accepting any more messages. But I, it really doesn't look good. Right. I wonder,
Patient: Have you tried to contact, like, you know, like anybody else and ask him, like, is she still working? Like, is she still there? Is she still,
Nurse: Or I had contacted today?
Patient: Oh, them, ok. I got you.
Nurse: Yeah. What I was told was they couldn't give me personal information about her and they have her current service coordinator contact me. So when they say current service that any longer. Right.
Patient: Right. Right. I see what you're saying now. Ok. Yeah.
Nurse: Oh, boy.
Patient: Well, um, as far as, like, so how is your mom doing, aside from the caregiver issue? Health wise, how is your mom doing? Like, are her sugars? Being, are they pretty stabilized? Is she having any seizures? Is she, um, eating and drinking? Ok. Or her bowels and bladder moving? Ok. Like, how is she overall?
Nurse: I don't think she's eating the best diet. Uh, and when I was over, when we were over yesterday. No, I'm so sorry. That wasn't, yesterday, was Friday. When we were over, she told me that she had diarrhea. Um, she has, you know, like irritable bowel lactose intolerance and stuff. And I said to her, well, did you have any of your little Dixie c, you know, like for ice cream? And she said no. And, uh, she, you know, as she pointed in towards the living room, she says probably that one's cooking and I was like, oh jeez. And I said, well, what did you have to eat? And she said, I don't know. So I was really hungry. So I made whatever slop she had here. And she said, but usually she said she takes whatever is in mom's meals and put on a plate. Microwave it. Ok. And I was like, ok, there are never mom sales left over, you know, like she gets so many and then there's never any that are left over. Hm. Ok. So I do think that's really what she is getting most of the time. And I told the caregiver several times she should only be getting maybe two or three of these a week.
Patient: Yeah. Does she get now when she gets them, do they give her one meal per day? The mom's meals is, how, is that, how that comes, or does she get three meals a day for a week from, she
Nurse: Get 12 of them at a time? T 12? Ok. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, they do, let me pick the menu. So I've been trying to pick stuff that I know she'll eat. So, at least, you know, she's getting that, um, you know, like chicken and dumplings and, or chicken and waffles and things like that. Although the waffles would be a diabetic. Probably not the best diet, but some of the stuff, you know, like my mom is not either high, like a big pasta fan, uh, you know, like sauce, things like that. So I try to avoid things like that. Plus with the acid reflux, I really try to stay away from that,
Patient: You know. So, yeah. And honestly, I mean, you know, it's good for her to have carbs in moderation, you know, she needs the carbs for the energy and to keep the sugar at a level, you know, at a base level. If she doesn't get enough carbs and the sugar is gonna be too low. She has too many carbs. It gets gonna be high. So I wouldn't worry about, you know, giving her those chicken and waffles. I mean, she's got the protein from the chicken, which is good, you know, I mean, carbs, carbs are a necessity for her just in moderation, you know.
Nurse: And usually, you know, we try getting over there like, 23 times a week if I don't get there three times a week. You know, like my oldest son or, and my younger boy, you know, like they'll go over, you know, and check on nana. Um, they'll take a ride over to hang out together too, you know, and then, you know, swing over and check on her and it's to the point where, you know, like, I, I've been there three times in a week and like the second or third night, I'll say to her, I'll say to the caregiver. Was she up at all? You know, like, because she's sitting on the recliner again, you know, when I'm here playing on a computer game, I mean, at least she's doing that, you know, like to try to keep her mind going and stuff. But, you know, sitting around is no good either. You know, you gotta get up and moving around and stuff. You know, I had her out to eat, you know, a few weeks ago for, well, it was actually for mother's day, you know, we went to, I took her out with my kids, we took her to a restaurant and stuff and, you know, when we came home that day after she ate out, you know, then her, but she had roasted chicken. But that day, you know, when we got back that's when she had to have a little bit more insulin because her sugar was a little over the 1 50. Ok. But, I mean, she did have a, she did have sweet potatoes.
Patient: Yeah. But even the 1 50 is not bad. That's not, you know what I mean? That's not terrible. So, um, now if she gets up, you know, consistently eating like the two hundreds, then, you know, that could be, but the 1 50 is not terrible for after she eats.
Nurse: Ok. And like that time, you know, the other week when she said to me, well, you make me pancakes. Said to her. Well, while I'm doing this, I said you need to check your sugar and she said, I, I feel a little shaky. Well, it was down to like 76 and I said, what did you have? I said, what did you have to eat today? And she said, oh, tea and toast this morning and, you know, so I had a couple cookies at lunch, you know, but I always get her the sugar free cookies like those one. So, I mean, I said to her, well, I said that's not really all that healthy and, you know, I'll go and I'll get grapes, bananas and like, you know, spaghetti squash and stuff like that and like the spaghetti squash. I probably got that two weeks ago. It still sitting over there on the counter.
Patient: Oh, jeez. Yeah. So she's not getting her meals and she's not eating it, you know, consistently.
Nurse: Yeah. Stuff that I do buy, that's healthier, that's fresh like that. It seems like that's left, the left go, you know, like it's a waste of money for me to buy it. Really? Because it's not being made. It's just sitting there and stuff and, you know, then I get aggravated and I'm like, you know, when I take stuff over so I know she's eating and I, you know, I'm like, ok, well, you know, this is one meal. This isn't, you know, like, uh, the last three weeks or anything or something, you know, it's, you know, if she makes a sandwich, you know, she can have this with it or, you know, like a side of soup or something, you know, my mom will complain and say, oh, well, you know, that's all I got all week. I know sometimes she's confused and what she tells me isn't, you know, exactly the correct depiction of, you know, the exact event. And so I try to watch a little bit with what I say but, you know, I mean, she knows what she's eating and what she's not.
Patient: Right. Um, I mean, is it difficult for her to cook herself a meal?
Nurse: Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Patient: Ok. So then that's where the caregiver should be stepping in and doing that.
Nurse: Yeah. But this is the excuse, you know, she doesn't like what I make and I said Well, there's a bunch of, my mom has so many cookbooks. It's ridiculous. I'm like, go ahead, look through the cookbook. And I tried, I tried to tell her, ok, well, this, she likes, you know, like chicken and dumplings. I bought the quick, you know, the recipe is on the box. Um, this is how you make it. I don't think she understands me.
Patient: Yeah. That sounds like there's definitely a language barrier there.
Nurse: And, you know, honestly, my mom always could be spiteful prior to the surgery, just a normal life, but she's strong will and, you know, if I could picture her doing that, you know, like, if she's tired of the caregiver, you know, like, well, I don't like what you, what you make if the caregiver can make something and she'll walk by and look at it and be like, well, you know, like if it's like sauce and everything else, like, well, I'm not eating that, you know, by now. She knows what likes and doesn't because I told her. Yeah. So I think she's given up on cooking with the passive aggressive excuse as well. My mom doesn't eat it.
Patient: That's a tough one. I mean, I can definitely mail you out like, like we have, um, like, informational pieces about, you know, like, what to, what diabetics should eat, you know, what's healthy for diabetic diet. I mean, I can definitely mail you that out and see if she can follow that. Maybe that would help her to understand what, to make your mom, you know? I don't know. I mean, I can definitely do that and see if that helps at all. Yeah, I can definitely send some stuff out. Um, and then the caregiver, I know some of the stuff that we have, have pictures on it so she can actually look at it and see the picture, you know what I mean? So, even if she can't read it, she should still be able to figure out, you know, what, what she's, what she should be giving her by the pictures.
Nurse: Uh huh. Yeah, I would hope so. I just, I'm just to the point where, I mean, I greatly appreciate it and if it's not her, another caregiver, I'm sure it would be a handy a for, um, I, you know, like books like here she likes this is how you make this and stuff and I mean, this caregiver has literally when my son's over there asked him to, you know, like, take care of her [PHI-Personal] because she can't do it. And he's like, no, get away from me with that, you know, like, uh, uh, I don't want anything to do with it. So, yeah, I just think there's, but I mean, she says she's been in this country for like, almost 20 years and I just, I just don't understand where the disconnect is. That's crazy. Yeah, it's been like that with several of them, you know, even with the other agency and stuff and, you know, my mom gets mad and I certainly understand why. And then we have a problem, you know, like we're trying to get her mood back under control and stuff and it gets, gets [PHI-Personal]. Right. But at this point, you know, like I can honestly say, I don't think you other, when I'm over there, I don't think she's, you know, things are being taken care of the way they should be right out of my. I know that.
Patient: Yeah, I would definitely, um, I would definitely consider talking to the agency and just letting them know, like, listen, my mom is fragile as far as she's diabetic she needs, she's gotta have a strict diet. Um, you know, I need to know if she's getting her medications. I need to know if she's getting her insulin the way she's supposed to, you know, I would be concerned about that, you know, because then it's kind of like how to, it, it's hard for you to care for your mom or even, you know, Doctor [PHI-Personal] to care for your mom if the caregiver isn't able to care for your mom. You know what I mean? Because like her, depending on what her diet is, is gonna depend on what her blood sugars are and if her blood sugars are all over the place, that's because her diet isn't, um, stable, you know. And so you can keep trying to adjust the insulin. But really what you need to do is adjust the diet so that you don't have to adjust the insulin. You know, and that goes, again, goes back to the caregiver on, she should be feeding her three meals a day, you know, and then small snacks in between. Yeah, that's tough. I feel for you because that, that's a, that's a hard position to be in for you. Um, you know, because like you said, you've already switched agencies, you know, you've had other caregivers in there. You definitely don't want to have to keep orienting caregivers for your mom because then, you know, that's gonna make your mom feel unstable, you know, having somebody else new coming in and, you know, trying to learn from, you know, learn somebody new and, and that's tough. That's, that's definitely tough
Nurse: And it's like every change we have. I try to stretch it out, you know, like, if not, unless we're having a big problem, but I try to stretch it out because then when another caregiver comes in, mom has like a uh I don't know how to word it. Like, uh a recognition issue, I guess would probably be the best. Um, she'll, if she thinks one caregiver resembles a previous caregiver and that caregiver say [PHI-Personal] girl we had, her name was [PHI-Personal]. Um She was a nightmare. Um It wasn't a good situation with her. Very lazy. Um You know, things were just a mess when she was there and uh she was taken out, I requested her like ASAP to go and another girl after her, I mean, they put a temporary one in until they found a permanent. So we went through like two or three temporary ones, you know, like they could only stay so long, you know. So they had to go to another job. It was just like in between tourism and stuff. And, you know, she got another girl that came in there that mom would, mom insists, like you can tell her no, it's not the same person. Look, her hair is short, the other one's hair was long. Um If she has it in her head, that's the way it is. Um If, if she, if she insists that it's the same person and I told you I didn't want her back here in this house. And I don't want, you know, I don't want her here and stuff, then she will take it out on that caregiver and be very, and be ignorant and say I said I didn't want you. I didn't want you back here and mom will shut down, she won't talk to her, she won't cooperate even if the girl is trying to do a good job. And honestly, we've had a very slim few very good caregivers um where my mom has done her share of ruining it because she's insistent that she's actually somebody else and I'm like, no mom. It's not, you know, it's not Ni [PHI-Personal] but it's her brain working against her where, like I said, if, if she can pick something out, like, and it's not just the caregivers, it's like people in our family, you know, like if I have her out shopping or something and she sees, oh, a heavy set woman with like shorter blonde hair. She'll think it's her cousin. She'll go right up to her and start talking or if she just walks by and the person that she thinks is her cousin doesn't stop to talk to her, then she'll say, well, what's, what's her problem? Why is she being so goddamn ignorant and stuff? I'll be like mom, mom, that's not, you know, you know, previously the caregiver agency would say, well, you know what your mom is being abusive to these caregivers and, you know, we're not gonna be putting somebody in there if she's like this. And I'm like, what do you mean? You know? You know, she's like this because she has brain damage. It's not her, it's her brain working against her. She has a recognition issue. It's just, I, I don't even know how to explain it. You know, she has brain damage if you can't research that, you know, you shouldn't be doing what you're doing, you know. So, you know, I, I try to cover mom a little bit honestly. But, you know, I mean, and since she had that surgery. She has absolutely no filter if she thinks that it's coming out of her mouth at home. That's funny. And then they take it personally we had a big issue last, that was what the previous agency though, last Thanksgiving. That's what they did. They send a girl in. One girl went on vacation. It was a girl. Mom was used to, they sent another girl in temporary to cover that girl when she went on vacation. And mom thought she was somebody else. She was insistent. She was another girl. And I said to her, no, she's not mom. Well, it got to the point where they told me they tried calling the ambulance to have my mom taken to the hospital for psyche. Oh jeez saying that she has the UT I, and they actually, where they got caught was I was on the phone with 911 saying it's a bogus call. Do God take my mom anywhere? I'm telling you right now, don't do it. Luckily they were on the ambulance was on the phone with, uh, with 911. Well, I was on the phone with 911. Tell them it's not an emergency and they said that I gave permission. I know I hadn't because I was on the phone telling them don't take her anywhere. Oh, Jeez. Yeah. So I'm like, I was just over last night until nine o'clock at night. She was fine. I was over there. I cooked the Thanksgiving dinner over there. What more do you want from me? You know. Right. She was fine. You know, she doesn't have a ut I, she, she was absolutely fine. She was like, if I go over and cook, she will help me cook and she'll actually joke around and she'll say if I, if she thinks I didn't do something up like how she always did it, she'll say who the hell taught you how to cook and stuff. And I'll, you know, I'll look at her and I'll be like, hey, mom, guess who, you know, like, right. I mean, she can't cook. It's just that she can't do it safely by herself. Like she'll think nothing of washing her hands and throwing the towel on top of the stove, you know that she just dried her hands with and the stove is hot. I'm like, no, oh God. You know, we can't be doing that, you know? Right. Right. She's already like, I've, I've told her, ok, well, you wanna fry an egg? Go ahead. I'll stand here, I'll watch you do it and stuff like she gets lost and she's pouring oil into the pan, like vegetable oil and then she has it like a quarter of the way full and I'm like, no, this is gonna start a grease fire. You can't do that, you know, and it's gonna splash on, you're gonna get burned. Um, and she's like, well, I didn't put that much oil in the pan. You must have put more in. Oh, yeah. So, I mean, she can do it. It's just that it's not safe. She needs to be monitored.
Patient: Yeah, that's tough. You're in a tough position. Um, you know, and like, I feel like my hands are tied, like there's only so much I can do to help you at this point because, oh, I know, I can't educate the caregiver, which I, you know what I mean? Like I know what needs to be done for your mom as far as like I said before, the, you know, the the diet management, I think she would be a completely different person if we could get that diet managed as far as the three meals a day, the snacks, you know, and if she's checking her, if the caregiver is checking her sugars like she's supposed to, you know. Um Yeah, that's tough. That's a no honest
Nurse: To God. I mean, I'm not trying to be a jerk but since I, since this girl's been there and when I'm there, my boyfriend with me when I'm, you know, when I'm going and I have not once witnessed her myself saying, ok, [PHI-Personal], you gotta check your insulin and stand there, watch you do it. I have never seen that with this one. II I haven't and I'm, I'm beyond aggravated at this point.
Patient: So,
Nurse: Yeah, and honestly, um my mom has done nothing but increase in her weight and I know it's not a healthy gain. Um, and of course, you know, like when you have significant weight gain, when you're diabetic, that's not good either. And your mom gets mad at me, you know, like, when I, I'll buy her, like, a size two X and something, like, if I see a shirt, oh, I don't take that size. It's like she's in denial and then she'll try to wear clothes that are like, way, way, way too small for her and stuff. But that's just part of her issues and stuff. But she, I think, you know, for, to feel better and be more energetic and everything, she
Patient: Really should lose some weight. Yeah, I mean, that's definitely always helpful for sure. Um, yeah. Well, I will get this information mailed out for you. Um, and then, you know, see if maybe that would help, you know, maybe you could sit down with the caregiver and kind of explain to her what's on there, you know, maybe, or have her try and explain. So then maybe you could see how much she understands, you know what I mean? Something like that. But yeah, I'll definitely get some information mailed out for you and see if that'll help. Um, I have her on for monthly phone calls. Is that, is that ok? Yes, please? Ok. That's fine. And then you can call me any time I'm gonna send with that information I send out. There'll be a letter that has my name and contact information on there. So if you need anything, you know, between that monthly period, you can call me anytime.
Nurse: Ok, thank you. I appreciate it. Oh, you're
Patient: Very welcome. So I'll get that out in the mail and then again, if you need anything, just give me a shout. Ok. All right. You take care, have a good rest of your day. You too. Thank you. Thanks. Uh huh bye bye bye bye.
Nurse: Mhm.
