Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. My name is [PHI-Personal]. Um, hey, how are you? I'm good. Hey, listen, we've been going to PT and it's working good. He's got my hip. Uh, my hip is starting to get better. I was about a half an inch taller on one side than the other. And he's got a lot of those muscles relaxed now that they're coming down and I don't feel like I'm so wobbly. Oh, good. Um, yeah, but the one thing is, you know, I had that and I have that bulging disc in my neck and he, he said he can work on that and help me so my arms don't go so numb. That's my, uh, uh, really getting more pronounced now and I can't get into my surgeon until [PHI-Personal], you know, with the whole antibiotic thing. But anyway, he said if you can send him a script, then he can work what he's been doing is just kind of not really doing too much because you're not allowed to, but he'll just get, have me do exercises and stuff that affect that area too. But he said if he had a script, he can work on that better. Maybe get some of that numbness gone. So, can, can I do two things at once or not?
Nurse: Um, I think you should be able to, um, who is, who is the physical therapist that you've been working with?
Patient: It's at, um, [PHI-Geographic] [PHI-Personal] name is [PHI-Personal]. I don't, I don't know his last name.
Nurse: Yeah, I'm just not, I'm not sure what he would need a, a prescription for.
Patient: He said he can only do the, there's a certain code and the code he got was just for my hip. Ok. I don't know. I, I looked at the script and to me, I didn't see anything on it because I told him that I said, I don't think it had any instructions on it. He says, well, it's supposed to have a code, what we're supposed to work on and he knew when I got there what to do. He, that it was my hip. So I don't know how he knew that unless he met, read the medical records. I don't know.
Nurse: Ok, but yeah, I think that they do attach like a diagnosis code um to tell them kind of what area they're working on. So I will reach out to Ortho plus find out what we need to put into the script so we can get that sent over for you. Ok.
Patient: O OK, great. Now, do you know how many um PTS you get with [PHI-Personal]? I don't know, I don't wanna run over mine. I don't think I'll need any when I have my back surgery because I, last time I had back surgery, I did not do PT at all. So I don't, I'm guessing I'm not gonna need it the rest of the year.
Nurse: Let me see if we can take a look. All right. Looking at the [PHI-Personal] website, it actually says that there's no limit, uh, for how many outpatient therapy services you can get in a single year as long as there continues to be, you know, a medical necessity and they can prove that they're gonna be able to continue to get benefits out of what they're doing with you.
Patient: Ok. Good. Good, good. I was worried about that because I knew there used to be somebody that you could, you could only have, maybe that was my regular health insurance that had that, I don't know.
Nurse: Ok, or if it was home health or something like that, they'll usually only cover so many home health visits in a year, but it looks like outpatient, um, uh, that you should be able to get pretty much whatever you need.
Patient: Ok. All right. All right. Thank you very much. I just that the neck and the shoulders and my arms are just numb and it wears you out trying to do stuff and shake them out and stuff. So that's what he said today because he said, well, what are you having trouble. What's your main complaint today? And I'm really not, I'm really not a [PHI-Personal] and I'm really not somebody that's sick all the time. But when these things happen to me and they happened to me, this is the second time, you know, the last time I had surgery in [PHI-Personal], this is the second time. They're really de debilitating that. They just because they're so painful, you know, I still do stuff. I still work in the yard. I still move. I'm not sitting on the couch because if I did that I would not get up. But I'm really not a [PHI-Personal], but I feel like I'm being a [PHI-Personal] but I'm really not. Oh, no, not
Nurse: At all. I, I understand. Absolutely.
Patient: Ok. Well, I appreciate it.
Nurse: Yeah. And now it's both arms and both shoulders or is it just one side that's real bad?
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. Both of them because it's right at the base of the neck and they're just, it's radiating down both of them and it's just, oh, let me, and I know when he did the MRI, I have a bulging disc and the, the one above it and the one below the fusion are bad and they're being cru crushed. So, I know there's damage there and we're gonna try to fix that, you know, in [PHI-Personal] and I'm gonna have him fix that before I fix my lower back because the, the lower back is being controlled with that gabapentin. It's weird that the gabapentin does not help this. It's just strange. It helps the leg really well. And I know if I miss it or like in the middle of the night, if it gets, you know, I usually wake up about four o'clock and that's what it's killing me because the medication has worn out. But it does nothing for these shoulders. I just don't get it why it doesn't do anything for the shoulders. But anyway, that's the story. You think the gabapentin would fix it? But
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, it is strange that it works for one and not the other. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah, it's really strange. So I don't know. Alright. Alright. Have
Nurse: What we need to do. Yeah. Absolutely. Let me give [PHI-Personal] a call and we'll find out what we need to send over for him. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Yeah, I'm for, yeah, [PHI-Personal] but she she never introduced me but my husband had him and it's [PHI-Personal]. I'm pretty sure his name is [PHI-Personal]. I'm almost 100% sure. Alright. Alright. Alright, thank you.
Nurse: You bet. Alright
Patient: Bye bye bye bye.
