Nurse: Hello, this is
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is, hi, how are you? Uh, I'm, I'm doing good. Good,
Nurse: Good. Is now an ok time to chat. I was calling to check in with
Patient: You. Uh, oh, yeah, that's fine. That's fine. Uh, Doctor, uh, [PHI-Personal] has a, uh, oh, a call at 12 o'clock. I supposed to adjust my, uh,
Nurse: You're on your, uh. Right. Right. I saw that you had that on the schedule today and,
Patient: Right. I have a couple of questions if you don't mind. Of course, that's ok. Take your time. I've been, uh, I bent over and did a couple things and your, your age, your age shows up sometimes. But my question was, they had taken me off of the metoprolol. Right. And, uh, not to take it if it was the, um, under 100. And, um, so I didn't know when I was supposed to start that back because it's looking better now.
Nurse: Right. Well, let's see this morning, it was kind of low this morning, wasn't it? It
Patient: Was. And then the nurse came and she took it and it was different. It was, you know, maybe an hour apart and I was, uh, but, uh, I don't know why it could have made that much difference, but I wrote down what she,
Nurse: Yeah, what was her BP
Patient: She had? Let me see. Oh, I wrote so much on this one piece of paper. Let me, let me look at her record. Ok. Everything going good with you.
Nurse: Yeah. So far. So good. Keeping busy.
Patient: Yes. Ok. Hers was 100. Oh, no, that's the [PHI-Personal]. Well, she must have wrote it down a different one. Hm. Let me find that she didn't write it on the calendar thing. Well, they went, was over 100 and then the bottom was like [PHI-Personal] or something. Ok. So it looked a lot better, right? A hun 100 and 9/[PHI-Personal] I think. [PHI-Personal]
Nurse: 9/[PHI-Personal]. Ok.
Patient: And the inr because they called you about the Inr already, right?
Nurse: Um, no,
Patient: Will take care of that, I guess.
Nurse: Yes, he takes care of all that. Yeah. So he'll be giving you a call or, you know, to go over all of that. He
Patient: Said he's gonna call at noon. So, um, but I do have a couple other medicine questions to ask. Yeah, the, uh, I know, uh, was in the hospital. They give me nitroglycerin, the one you put under your tongue and I've taken it before way back. But, um, they didn't, uh, uh, leave, uh, send the prescription over to Publix with the other stuff for it. So I don't have it and I've had a couple times of pretty strong chest pains. [PHI-Personal] was, uh, uh, they don't last long and that's why I've always ignored them. I thought maybe I'd bring that up now just in case that I needed the nitro dis think. What does he think? Right. And other thing is for the pain in my back. I've been taking the metoprolol, uh, 50 mg and um the Tylenol rapid release. I don't take anything with aspirin except that one little aspirin thing that they added to my medicine. Um But uh I wanted to know if he could change the 50 mg to 100 mg instead of me having to take two of them. I would only have to take one.
Nurse: Well, are you talking about the, for your metoprolol? That's for your BP that you should be holding right now? Meaning not taking at the moment. No,
Patient: The, the, no, the not the metoprolol. This is um traMADol. TraMADol. Got you.
Nurse: Ok. I wanted to make sure you, you weren't accidentally taking metoprolol. Ok. Um
Patient: TraMADol, I take the 50 mg. I've had it for years, you know, but I was wondering if he could up the uh tube because the pain in my back is so severe now and it, I get around, you know, I do all that I can, I don't lay in bed. I sit up, I have a, you know, my uh chair here, the little electric electric chair, um the, the lift and all that. But um I uh do a lot of walking, you know, around the, in the house and I also make sure I walk outside for a little bit. I use my cane with, with all of it and um, but the back pain is so bad. So, um I, I just feel like I need, I don't want to take the ha you know, big narcotics or anything like that, but I thought maybe he could, um, increase that. I know that they have different, um, milligrams of
Nurse: It. Yeah. Right. Different strengths of it. Um,
Patient: And I can still just take two, you know, but that would mean double the amount that he sends for a month. Right. Right.
Nurse: Exactly. Um, and so, yeah, I mean, I can ask in regards to that, um, along with the nitroglycerin, one of the things I was, um, gonna give you a call about today was I saw a message, um, that he had sent over to the scheduling department, um, to try and schedule you for an appointment this week to see him for a quick visit. Um, I think kind of to go over everything that's been going on in re you know, in regards to BP, inr, you know, kind of everything, you know, follow up for me in the hospital. Yeah, Doctor [PHI-Personal] had sent a message to the scheduling so they, it doesn't look like they've gotten around to getting you an appointment this week. So, that's what I was, one of the things I was gonna call you about I
Patient: To see. Yeah, on Friday I have, uh, an appointment with the, uh, cardiologist and it's up here in [PHI-Geographic] so it'd be hard to have, you know, two appointments on that day and I do, you know, of course I, I don't drive anymore. So it's, um, my son that takes me and I have no idea. He's a busy guy. I have no idea what his schedule is but he's taken me, you know, to any appointments that I have. Right. Right. I do think that that's a good idea to go over all that with doctor because I haven't been there for a little while since I was in the hospital last time anyway. Yeah,
Nurse: Exactly. So, I think I agree it would be good to see, see him in person and kind of figure out, um, see
Patient: What's going on.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, he's leaving from what I heard last, which things could have changed in the last couple of weeks. But, uh, from what I heard he was gonna stay until the end of October. Um, at first, yeah, I heard it was the end of September and then I believe it, it extended until the end of October. But like I said, things change constantly so it could be different.
Patient: Uh, I'm going with the one that he has coming in anyway. So. Right. A woman. Uh, we, no, it's not Weinstein. What is it? Um,
Nurse: Let's see. You have an appointment. Doctor [PHI-Personal] in [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Yeah.
Nurse: Yep. Correct. So, you'll be transitioning to her once that
Patient: Time comes [PHI-Personal] 4th, I think. Um,
Nurse: Let me see. Yep. Exactly. [PHI-Personal] 4th. Yeah. Um, well, as far as appointments and everything, um, to see Doctor [PHI-Personal] this week, um, do you know what time your son gets home from work today? So we can try and coordinate an appointment with
Patient: Him? He, um, is gone now and he has two offices. So he, um, he goes and then he, he, um, has an office upstairs here at his home also. And, uh, I don't know what, uh, I, he pretty much has a schedule but I don't know his schedule for each day. He, he knows what? Of course, I, I haven't got it written down but I, that's a good idea. I might do that. Right. Right.
Nurse: And I can, yeah, I can always as well. Um, I can call, I think I have his number. I think it's, um, in his chart or I think it's in your chart somewhere so I can always call him and see, um, what's going on and see, see what we can do. Um, I might need to call the office because I'm looking at appointments right now,
Patient: Even next week would probably be better if that's possible.
Nurse: Right. Right. Yeah, I'll have to probably call the office or send a message because from what I'm looking at from doctor [PHI-Personal] appointments, I don't see anything available but they have, they have access to be able to kind of overbook him or do anything like that. So, um, which I don't have access to be able to do that so they can take a peek at everything and see if,
Patient: Even if they could, a couple week, couple of week out, it would be fine with me. Right. It's up to him. I don't know if he has to see within a certain amount of time or what. But yeah, it would be, you know, be easy, easier for me to do the schedule scheduling with my son. If it was a week out or even two, I'm going to the cardiologist on Friday. I'm sure he would, he want that report and it will go to him at the FSU or US F doctor. Right.
Nurse: Yeah. So, yeah, let me, I will, um, I'll probably send a message over to, uh, um, Doctor [PHI-Personal] care team. Um, and, and his phone number, it looks like Doctor [PHI-Personal] included. Um, your son's name is [PHI-Personal], correct? Ok. Ok. So he included his cell phone number and the message here. So I'll have the office, give him a call to get an appointment scheduled for you so you can go over everything with him.
Patient: Yeah, I have the schedule. Yeah, you have my appointment with, um, the cardiologist already on your records. I'm
Nurse: Sure. Um, it doesn't show let or wait. Let's see. On the 26. Yes. Yeah, I do see that. Yep. On the 26th it's at 2 30. Yep. So we got that on the schedule. Yep. Yep. Yes. Um, so, and as far as the metoprolol for your BP medication, I know you, um, mentioned earlier as far as, um, you know, when you can start taking that, one of the messages in the, um, Doctor [PHI-Personal] notes here was to hold it, meaning don't take it until you get a couple BP readings that are over 100 and 35 with a top
Patient: Number. 35. 0, ok. I don't think that. Yeah. Right. Right. I heard that but then, um, and I was thinking over 100 with, you know, but, uh, 100 and 35 and the week I haven't taken it. So. Ok. Good, good answered that question. I appreciate it. And the nitroglycerin, if I could, you know, have it. And, um, I'm, I don't use medicine unless I have to have it. So. Mhm.
Nurse: Right. Right. Yeah, I'll, I'll take a peek
Patient: Through. Yeah. But they had said that probably, I had had a heart attack but I didn't know, but I, I remember having that, uh, pain and it didn't last too long, so I thought that's all right.
Nurse: Right. Right. Yeah. I'll send a message over in regards to the nitroglycerin, see if, um, they're able to, uh, get you a prescription. I was looking so the hospital prescribed that then, or was that something that you've already had in the past?
Patient: No, I've, I've had it in the past but it's been years. Ok, for my pacemakers and all that stuff, which is 14 years. Ok. But the, uh, also the, uh, metoprolol,
Nurse: If he, the traMADol,
Patient: TraMADol, I mean, and it's ok if I do, you know, he sent more this month. Uh, so I just take two of them. But if, you know, just ask him if uh, the 100 would be better for the pain. And, uh, then I would only take one of them, of course. But then when he sent the prescription, he'd have to, you know, put it to where it would be the, every six hours like it is now, right? And the prescriptions go to Publix now, you know, you and lo we got that address. I'm sure. I
Nurse: Believe so. Yes. And, and he may, it kind of depending on what, um, he wants to do with that traMADol with the pain medication since he just sent over that prescription at the beginning of the month. Um, for, you know, 90 tablets. He may, if he decides to increase it to 100 mg, he may wait until that prescription runs out. And then, yeah, then once, yeah, and then once that new, you know, once you need a new prescription, he may increase that.
Patient: Yeah. But I, I knew that, you know, I didn't need it now.
Nurse: Good. Ok. Yeah, you got plenty of it now when it runs out. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. And, and if he doesn't touch base with it, you know, through my messages, when you see him for your appointment, you can always ask him about it as well. Um, you know, in person. Right. Right. Well, I'll send a message over to his team to have them give your son a call to schedule an appointment, um, for you to see Doctor [PHI-Personal]. Um, and then I'll keep checking in with you to see how everything, uh, you know, is going just to make sure that you're doing well. Ok. And, but I,
Patient: I, yeah, I think, you know, for my age and everything I, you know, for a while, of course, it only been like 2.5 weeks or something. Uh, my daughter in law reminded me mom all the stuff that you're doing and it's only been 2.5 weeks. You're doing great. I said, well, you know, I look at it like I would just wanna do all the stuff I used to do. I know that my age isn't gonna, I'm not, I'm not [PHI-Personal] anymore. But, um, you know, I do all of that. I, I can and I enjoy doing it and it makes me feel good to unload the dishwasher and, you know, do dishes and all that kind of stuff. So, it just makes me feel good. She's mom, you don't have to do that. There's a dishwasher right there. I said I'd like to wash dishes and I would, I just feel better about it if I can do something. Right.
Nurse: And still staying active and keeping your body moving is, you know, definitely important. Mhm. Yep. Exactly.
Patient: In the morning and I take my shower and before that I make my bed and take my shower and get dressed and everything and before I even open the door to go out and coffee or anything. And so I, I feel like I've got to start to the morning like I'm not behind on anything.
Nurse: Right. Exactly. I hear you. Well, um, I'll send it so I'll, I'll send that message over in regards to the nitroglycerin, see what they say about that. And then also about, um, getting you an appointment, um, with doctor [PHI-Personal] and I'll have them call your son. Ok.
Patient: Right. Right. Because it takes an hour at least to get down there from here.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. Sounds good. All right. Well, I'll touch base with you soon and see how everything is. Ok. Ok.
Patient: Thank you so much, sir. I appreciate, appreciate it. You have a good day.
Nurse: Yes, you too. All right. Bye.
