Nurse: This is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you?
Patient: Oh, hey, [PHI-Personal], this is [PHI-Personal]. Um, a doctor [PHI-Personal] patient. Ok, great.
Nurse: Let me just get you pulled up here. How can I help you? Well,
Patient: I had the MRI on Monday the 21st and I have, I don't have any results in my chart which by Friday is very unusual. So I've been trying to call Tower and of course they never answered their phones. And so that's what happens there. So I finally called tro office. Uh I called the one in Tampa Palms rather than the one on Est which of course he's at. Um, but uh they say he actually has the report but hasn't reviewed it yet. So, um, and I don't, so they said it sent me down to the lowest office and I was trying to get through to them and haven't been successful. I would really like to know, you know, the results of this MRI before we get into the weekend if he's got it, you know, and they said he does. And, uh, so I just didn't know if there was anything you could do to send a note through to, or call him or something and say, can
Nurse: You? Yeah, because, um, it should be on. I mean, I think he already has the note. I can't really do anything other than, you know, since I'm remote, I just kinda do same thing that they would do. But you said you call them and they, they sent you to another office. Is that
Patient: What you said? Well, I called s office up in palm and they said he's not there on Fridays. He's down at the lowest. So I low, it's a different number. So I called Lowest but they haven't answered the phone. So, you know, I just wanna, but I know if I put something in my chart, he isn't gonna read it until Monday or Tuesday.
Nurse: Yeah, I mean, yeah, and we can always send him a message. But I mean, essentially that I don't have a way of getting in touch with him directly. So it would just be in that inbox.
Patient: Yeah. But he probably read your messages before he reads by.
Nurse: I mean, yeah, sure. I mean, II I said I just can't give you, um, you know, any guarantee, I guess is what I'm saying because I'm just gonna send a nurse message. I'm not,
Patient: No, I'm not asking for a guarantee. I'm gonna keep trying to reach him too. Ok? Yeah, great. You know, but, but I just want more than me working on this because I don't wanna have to keep waiting. I'd like to know what the issue is so I can figure out what I need to do next.
Nurse: Yeah, so I'll send the message to you and then um you know, I guess we'll just kind of see what happens from there if he responds
Patient: But they they they confirm that he has the report. Ok. Very good. Ok. Alright, sounds good. Alright, thanks. Bye.
