Nurse: Good morning. This is [PHI-Personal]. How may I help you?
Patient: Hi, my name is. And you call this number to talk with somebody? Yes. Me? Hi. Ok. I wanna talk with you because it just makes it easier than talking to the secretary and then they're transferring to a different nurse and nobody.
Nurse: You? Yeah, I got
Patient: It. Oh, I'm gonna get a little personal and I don't mean to get personal but I don't know how to explain this.
Nurse: Hey, it's related to health care. Go ahead. I've heard it,
Patient: It is because my, I, my immune system can't fight off a lot of things. So, the problem is, is in the inner part of my leg closest to, like, your rectum in between your rectum and the whole, your area. Like, on eye. They found I have this big huge lump there and, I mean, it's hard as a rock and I don't know what it would be. 00,
Nurse: My gosh. Is it painful?
Patient: Um, it's starting to be like, if I, I sit on something hard it is. I sit on the spot. It's not so painful. Ok. But it, I don't know if it's getting bigger or not because I just discovered it yesterday. I was like, I was wondering why down there was feeling so tender, you know. Yeah, that, and I'm like, usually if the boil they're soft and, but this is like, hard as a rock. Oh, no, I've never had such a thing, so I don't know what it would be.
Nurse: Ok. So, a lot of times what it, what those kind of issues are, there's a couple different things that it could be, but I would recommend like either coming in or um, probably seen a, you could probably see a gynecologist but we'll probably be able to see you sooner. Um No gynecologist. Ok. Ok. So it could be um, a hemorrhoid that's like the easiest, most common solution or a common diagnosis. It could be a hemorrhoid. Um Do you, have you been straining to go to the bathroom at all?
Patient: No, I haven't trying to go to the bathroom but it's like warm and hot,
Nurse: It's warm and hot. Ok. Let me put that on there too. Um Another common thing is cellulitis where, you know, like in, it's normally you could get cellulitis anywhere on your body. Um, unfortunately, sometimes you can get it in a very uncomfortable place. Um, but that's when, you know, tissue either inside the body or on the skin gets infected this at the cellular level. Um, and it could create almost like a warm, hard, um red discomforting feeling. Um, that can cause that, um, that could be taken care of with the antibiotics. And then, have you ever, have you noticed any kind of like when you go to the bathroom, do you feel like something's hanging out or if you go? No,
Patient: Nothing's hanging out. I, I feel my rectum and everything just because it was a eight and I, you know that it's not in my rectum itself. It's like off to the side, like my leg but it like, pushed pressure in that general area.
Nurse: Yeah. Do you
Patient: Understand what I'm saying? Like I just feel like, I don't know, I don't sit on my left side because I heard like lately everything on my left side has been going downhill and I don't understand.
Nurse: Yeah. Oh, I know. You've, you've had like such a long hard journey here. I know.
Patient: And I just, and I know I can't fight things off. So I didn't know what it could be because I was thinking, well, maybe a boil but then I got to thinking, well, boils are soft. They're not all rock hard, like a rock in there.
Nurse: Right. Right. Um, let me, let me send a message. I'll just send a message
Patient: Over you. No. Yeah,
Nurse: I'll just, yeah, I'll just use the, the medical terms in, in the, um, message to, to doc. Um I'll message just one of the females doctors that like [PHI-Personal] because you have an upcoming appointment with her ma that you just saw possible. Could
Patient: You let her know? Because, yeah, I like to see one doctor and they know this because my stuff got messed up years ago and I had a bad issue and no one knew I had Crohn's and it all could have been solved like years before it happened.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah.
Patient: No problem doctor when I go there. Yeah. No, that, that one day because it was the weekend and I was afraid that if I had something wrong with my throat or anything, you know, at least you can help.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. I, I
Patient: Really just because I wanna see one person.
Nurse: Yeah. Ok. Well, I will definitely get this over to [PHI-Personal]. Oh, the only other question is, have you, um, two things when, when did it start? I don't know. I found
Patient: It yesterday but I was been uncomfortable over the weekend and I didn't know why and I didn't really examine myself, you could
Nurse: Say. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah, I can feel pressure. So, in the shower I was feeling down there because usually I just wash and go. But I was, feel, I was, like, holy smoke. There's a big lump there. Yeah. That's when I noticed it was yesterday in the shower.
Nurse: Ok. And then you haven't put anything on it or anything
Patient: Down there because sometimes your urine catches onto it or whatever.
Nurse: You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. Usually I tell patients, like, don't do, like, just leave it clean and dry and
Patient: Down there.
Nurse: Ok. All right. Well, I will send this over to her and then I'll have either her or one of the other nurses in the office. Um, talk to [PHI-Personal] and let me know. Ok,
Patient: Thanks. I appreciate. I don't mean to call you back, but I think it was easier
Nurse: For me. Hey, no problem. No problem. I know. Like, technically I have you on as ineligible because of the stupid Medicare issue. But if you need to get a hold of the office really fast, like I, I don't think they're gonna care that I just messaged them, you know. Right. Yeah,
Patient: That's why I, I just, you know, it's fast talk to you a message through than me calling the N I don't know why
Nurse: I Yeah. Right. Well, I'm glad you advocate for me. So
Patient: Thank you for your, I really appreciate it.
Nurse: All right. No problem. You take care.
Patient: You too. Thanks. Bye bye.
