Nurse: Cover it.
Patient: Hello. Hello, [PHI-Personal]. Let me do. How are you? How are you? How
Nurse: Are you?
Patient: Well, not doing any better that I'm calling you. Ok. Ok. I slept like two hours or three hours a night for the past four nights. And the only thing that happened is we went off the [PHI-Personal]. Ok. I wonder if [PHI-Personal] is helping me sleep. Is that possible? Yes, it is. Oh, it was. Yeah, I haven't. So
Nurse: You're having within the last, um, you said 22 to 32 to 3 nights, right?
Patient: You hold, hold on one sec. My granddaughter is screaming here. Her mother.
Nurse: Mhm. Alright. So it out, are you there? Yeah. Ok. So you said in, uh, the last 2 to 3 nights, each individual night you only had about 2 to 3 hours of sleep, right? Ok. 444 nights. Ok. Let
Patient: Me just, ever since I went off the [PHI-Personal], I, the other pills are working. I was taking [PHI-Personal] and he told me to go off the [PHI-Personal] and now honest to God, I'm almost getting we on it. It's getting because you're not so bad. Uh, I mean, I lay there for hours and, uh, and I'll even be tired last night. I was tired and I still couldn't sleep.
Nurse: Ok. So, let me just get this up here. Right. So, have a dia, like you have a diagnosis of chronic pain, [PHI-Personal] does help with pain.
Patient: Well, my pain, my, my pain level is pretty low right now. It's my knees. Yeah. Uh, when I'm, uh, right now it's still sore. Uh, but that the pain isn't keeping me awake and I'm not having no, no, it's just, uh, I mean, I can go to bed tired and I lay there for 20 minutes and be wide awake. I mean, I, it just getting frustrated really frustrating.
Nurse: Ok. So that's, no, no, no, I'm here, I'm here to help and listen. So you weren't abruptly withdrawal but, um, the result increase of anxiety, insomnia. Um, so that, that can be a side effect of coming off of it. Um, so you trouble, you're not on anymore but you're having trouble sleeping while taking other effects. I'm just looking at notes here. So the [PHI-Personal]. So you're, you may not be having pain or feel the pain. But yes, you're probably having symptoms because you no longer have it in your, um, let me look here. Excuse me. Uh, gain. Mhm. Bye. How long have you been off of it?
Patient: Uh, about five days?
Nurse: Ok. So it all, it, sometimes it even is prescribed for people with insomnia. Um, but it improves your sleep quality by elevating the um efficiency and decreasing uh quick waking up or um interrupted sleep. So you were put on, let me just go back here.
Patient: I put on [PHI-Personal] for neuropathy.
Nurse: Yeah. And I
Patient: Still have the neuropathy. But yeah, it, it's, it's, it's almost and it's,
Nurse: Yeah. So the, so I'm just looking. Yeah. No, especially when you're already having depression and you're not getting enough sleep is not gonna help you feel any better. Um So is the, is the traZODone? Uh Well, obviously the insomnia for let me go down here a second. Oh You went to the Cymbalta DULoxetine.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Nurse: Mhm Yeah.
Patient: OK. And I just went on that like four or five days ago.
Nurse: OK. So you off OK. So you went off it a gradual decrease off the you were a gradual decrease off the [PHI-Personal], right?
Patient: No, I just, I just went off it. Oh OK. I I was down to 300 capsule uh 300 in the capsule and they didn't I got talking, let me talk.
Nurse: So you're off, you just uh stopped. The gap, didn't grow, go down, stop at, let me just see here because I was like an abrupt stop. Usually it's gradually you're taking off of that.
Patient: So I was, I was taking 600
Nurse: Patient to stop. OK. Yeah. So you stopped the [PHI-Personal]. Um No. Tamper. Yes. OK. Because um like I was saying um the [PHI-Personal] when it stopped. Um, abrupt withdrawal may result in it's not prescribed procedures, but sometimes it is. But that's not one of the reasons but withdrawal symptoms, anxiety, insomnia, nausea and pain um can cause when it's stopped abruptly. And I'm assuming that the provider thought that it was ok for you to go from one to the other. Cause. DULoxetine has similar effects with helps with the nerve pain and also sleeping and anxiety and depression. Um but so you've had trouble sleeping any mood or behavior changes?
Patient: No, just, just the depression just is, is no better.
Nurse: No better. Ok. Ok. Mm
Patient: I would, I would say maybe uh nasty thoughts are gone. Uh but ok. Oh
Nurse: Like nasty get moving. Ok. So the nasty thoughts is that like the um thoughts about hurting yourself or somebody
Patient: Else? Not myself but never by anybody else? Ok. Everybody I know is nice.
Nurse: OK. But so ongoing sadness and uh irritability to continue. Yeah. OK.
Patient: I, I, yeah, I can get irritated real easy.
Nurse: OK. I mean it's good that the shots are gone but you're not sleeping. So like I said, that's not good to not have sleep because that's not gonna help your um mental health um patient and what to avoid.
Patient: Can I double up on one of these medicines?
Nurse: Mm I wouldn't do that yet. I'm gonna send a message over to the um who saw you? What's the doctor?
Patient: Uh well, I had a intern in and doctor. How do you,
Nurse: You? Ok. Yeah. All right. And your next appointment is when, let me see, it's the [PHI-Personal] like a month from now. Um ok, so I will let him know and then when I hear something back, I'll give you a call. Um because I'll say like for the last you, it's been now about five days you've been off you, it has been a, it was a lot and the dose you're on was let me just double check here. 300 mg at bedtime, right? Three
Patient: 100. I would not. Yeah, at bedtime I take it before I go to bed. Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. So, and then are you sleeping a lot? Yeah. Ok. So that could have been why just being a little over sedated but now you're not sleeping enough. No,
Patient: No, I, I think the other night I slept two hours and I was up and I tried to lay down, I laid down couldn't sleep, I think four days I slept maybe. So. Is it 2 to 3 hours to
Nurse: Three hours? Are you able to? So, and it's even to the point that you're so tired that you can't sleep?
Patient: I, I sometimes I wonder if that's not it. Ok, because last time I went to bed I was tired and I still couldn't sleep.
Nurse: Ok. So you're feeling you're un tired, mentally and physically tired and you cannot sleep
Patient: Physically.
Nurse: Yeah, physically tired. What about your head? Like in your head? Do you have any racing thoughts that?
Patient: Mm. No, no, it's that part of that part's fine. I mean, I can still do books and I can still pay bills and I can still do all that perfectly.
Nurse: It. Yeah. Yeah. But at bedtime you're not having that, like, you're not having anxious thoughts. Like I know you said you typically re, um, watch television at night. Um, has that, has that any of your thought process or anything changed at bed time since we stopped? Ok. All right. I just wanted to check on that. All right, I will send a, a message over to doctor whenever I get a response, I'll give you a call back. What phone number do you want me to give you a call
Patient: At which you have? Uh, is it
Nurse: The, [PHI-Account], the mobile? Ok. [PHI-Account]. Ok. All right. When I have a response, I'll give you a call back. Ok.
Patient: So I call you [PHI-Personal] or
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. It's [PHI-Personal]. I've had to put [PHI-Personal] on my thing. I mailed out because that's my legal name as a nurse.
Patient: But no, I put on my phone and then I couldn't find, she said [PHI-Personal]. So I'm looking through my phone for [PHI-Personal]. Yeah, you, my bank. One banker is [PHI-Personal]. So I, at the bank and it's, you, [PHI-Personal],
Nurse: You could put nurse [PHI-Personal]. Maybe we'll help you if it's
Patient: Yeah, that means I have to make an adjustment. I don't have to do that. So it would be either you you or the Bank
Nurse: Bank Becky and Nurse Becky. There you go. Alright, I'll give you a call back when I get something. All right, you're welcome. Thank you very much. You're welcome. Bye bye.
