Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal] with the care management team. How can I help you?
Patient: [PHI-Personal], you said [PHI-Personal]?
Nurse: Yes. My name is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Ok. Well, [PHI-Personal] had called our home and asked us about enrolling on this program. My name is [PHI-Personal] from [PHI-Personal] and we go to family practice there. We see [PHI-Personal] and I don't want to be involved with it because I don't want to get schedule, schedule, schedule, schedule schedule last year from [PHI-Personal] or [PHI-Personal] to [PHI-Personal]. There were 78 weekdays and we had 88 appointments. I don't want to get involved with that. I'm going to let you talk with my husband though. I'm [PHI-Personal] from [PHI-Personal] and I don't want to be in the program, but my husband's here and he can tell you his opinion. Ok. Ok.
Nurse: Well, yeah, sure, [PHI-Personal], that, that's perfectly fine. [PHI-Personal], what I'm gonna do is just mail you the information if you change your mind, you just let [PHI-Personal] you know. Ok.
Patient: Alrighty, thank you. You're welcome my husband
Nurse: Chester. Ok. Thank you. Hello. Hi Chester. How are you? Hello? Hi Chester. Hi, I can hear you now. I turned that volume up. Oh ok. Um I was I just wanted to go over the information really quick with you about the program. Uh Jennifer is offering to our patients. Ok? I I'm not sure what you're talking about but that's alright. It's a it's the new program Jennifer is offering to our patients from family practice. Yeah. Ok. Uh and just so you know the call is recorded for quality purposes. It's a new care management program and that's just where our nurse is gonna call and check in with you, see how you're doing in between office visits. She goes over your full medical health with you answering any questions, addressing any issues, she'll also go over any medications you're taking. So if you had questions about those or if you needed refills or if you had questions and needed help with appointments, labs, community resources, those are just some of the things that your nurse will discuss with you during the phone call. Ok. Ok. Now the service is considered to be an office visit and so it's billable to Medicare and Medicare Advantage plans and secondary insurance carriers subject to coinsurances and deductibles and copayments. So when you have contact with your nurse, you may get a statement from the practice for this service. Now you do get to choose how often your nurse calls you, if you would like your nurse to call you once a month or once every three months or once every six months or even, just once a year, that's up to you. Um, I'm gonna mail you a letter to the program. It'll have your nurse's phone number in there so you can call her with any questions or concerns also. Ok. Well, this is something that you have down here at the, ah, that's your office. Right. Yes, this is the program being offered through the, throughout the office to the patients. So, if I, if I decide I don't want it, then I can just say no. Right. Yes. You are able to opt out at any time. It, it just helps Jennifer stay on top of how you're doing in between appointments with her. Ok. So, like I said, you know, if you want your nurse to call, you just, even just once a year, you can still call her with any questions or concerns throughout that time. Ok. Ok. Uh Chester, would you prefer for your nurse to call you in the mornings or in the afternoons? Probably in the morning? Ok. And then we have your mailing address still as here. Um, 8 20 East Main Street Heins pa A 17938. That's correct. All right. And we have your insurance still as Medicare and New Era Life, right? Ok, great. Then you're all set Chester. I hope you have a great day and stay safe. All right. Thank you. You're welcome. Bye bye.
