Nurse: Care management. This is [PHI-Personal]. Can I help you?
Patient: Good morning [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Hey, how you doing?
Patient: Oh, I'm doing, you know what's happening much? I wanted to give you some reading here. Ok. The sugar readings.
Nurse: When are we starting from?
Patient: I don't know wherever you wanna start from.
Nurse: Um, how far back do you have them?
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. Let me see.
Nurse: How about, do you have any from 10 1 on? Yeah. Ok. No, because I'm trying to think. When did we, did you decrease that [PHI-Account] 30 or have you been taking it? Yeah.
Patient: Ok. [PHI-Personal] for before lunch it was 1 39 before dinner. It was [PHI-Personal] before bed. It was [PHI-Account] second before lunch. [PHI-Account] before dinner. [PHI-Account] before bed. [PHI-Account]. Ok. Prefer before lunch. [PHI-Account]. I didn't do it before dinner on the day before bed. It was 2 68 four. It was [PHI-Account]. Uh, and I didn't do the other 21 today. I haven't done yet either. Ok. He was over here in the swing bed. He's not doing very well.
Nurse: What do you mean not doing Well,
Patient: So I hope all
Nurse: Say that again.
Patient: Throwing up all the time. He, he looked at the food and he puked, he just can't eat it. So I don't know what's gonna happen to me. And they don't have ice. They say he can't drink just warm water. I can't either. I, I sent a bag of ice over there last, I don't know what day it was and they told they, that the mach I machine was broke. It lied right to his face because when [PHI-Personal], our friend took ice over, they said this is for, because he likes ice water. They said, oh, they looked at each other funny. The nurses. He said, they said we have ice, we just don't give it out a lot. Who the hell is it for? Yeah, exactly. That's what, what I said. Uh huh. So today I'm taking over another goddamn bag of ice. I told him that last night he cannot drink warm water out of a bottle. He don't like it. I don't, I don't like it. I drink ice water. And so does he, he's done it for how many years? He's [PHI-Personal] years old. And I, I just, they pissed me off. I've gone off on them a few times. I can't help it. I just, I don't like, I don't know, yesterday he was sick like he was just sick all day.
Nurse: No, that bed is in the [PHI-Geographic].
Patient: Yeah. Swing bed he is so skinny. I went Monday night. Oh, my God, his, he is so funny. He's lost so much weight and not being able to eat the crap they give him. I, I don't know if they, I'm telling you, if he dies over there, I'm gonna sue him because he is, he can eat their stuff, they can get it through their head. He can, he don't like it. He hasn't eaten that stuff in [PHI-Personal] years and he's not gonna eat it. Now. He said, when they take that thing off the top of the plate, he looked at it and he said, take it, he can't even look at it and he just gags and everything. He can't eat their food and I wouldn't eat it either. No, I don't know what's gonna happen to him. I hope, I don't know. They got, they took him from the one room he was in because Monday was the last day he had to quarantine and they said that it had been 10 days because he, he, he went there on the [PHI-Personal]. So the 2nd 2nd, it was 10 days and he would not be contagious to anybody anymore. So I went over Monday night and, uh, stayed for, for like visiting hours. 4 to 8, I go over about five, I guess. And I stayed until eight o'clock and he was good. Monday night really good was sitting on the edge of the bed he was eating some apple sauce or something and um, he was up talking to me and, and [PHI-Personal]. [PHI-Personal] took me over a friend of ours and, and he was fine. But I see. Can
Nurse: I can, you're, I can't really make out what you're saying all of a sudden
Patient: I hear, I can hear you. He's down, you know, he's, he was good Monday night and now yesterday he was down all day and then they're, they're trying to make him poop. I said, how the hell is he gonna poop when he ain't eating anything? That don't make sense either. I don't get it.
Nurse: So why can't they just give him like a hamburger or a sandwich for every meal then?
Patient: Because they give him a sandwich on brown bread. He don't eat brown bread. He don't like brown bread. That's another thing right there. Well, he could
Nurse: Probably say if that's all he's eating, he could have white bread.
Patient: I mean, I've gotta get over there where I can, uh, I wanna see his goddamn list of what they're giving him. And I don't, I don't know. They probably wouldn't even give a hamburger too much of this and it, too much of that and it blah, blah, blah. I don't know. And that's what I would
Nurse: Say. I want cold sandwiches and like burgers or cheeseburgers. Like that's,
Patient: Uh, my sister said, take him one from mcdonald's, sneak it in. I said no, I probably get kicked out. Uh, so, but his, they're giving him shots in his stomach must be for blood clots. I don't know exactly think. And he, uh, they're giving him a very little bit of insulin. Just I Monday night, the nurse that was in there said his, his sugar is not, you know, the sugar is not, not that bad, really good. So once in a while they go get him some, but it just, I don't know, I don't understand. And they had had, you know, you know, the green outfit that the doctor, the nurses get the doctors or whatever. Monday night they had a shirt on him and a pair of those pajama bottoms that match the green. Well, he had to pee real bad and that they have them things and I don't know. How many, not do you think we could get it untied? I told he called the nurse. She finally come in and she couldn't get it either. She had to go get a pair of scissors and cut it
Nurse: Back. Yeah, I'm sure I was gonna say that's how, the only way I'd be able to do it.
Patient: Yeah. So, I, I just don't know. I don't know. I'm hoping he'll get home but I didn't even started therapy. They took him from the isolation room. He's in another room now where they're supposed to be starting therapy. But he was too sick yesterday to do it. He didn't do anything yesterday. So I, I know I can get real skinny and something like that. Oh, but he's not eating the food. That's why. And they don't seem to care, don't seem to bother them at all. What bothers me?
Nurse: Can, can you call the, the, the dietary person in charge and talk to them directly about
Patient: It? Oh, I don't know. I'm sure you can.
Nurse: I mean, that's what I would do. I would call the dietary person directly and say something has to be done. What can we give him, can we give him a sandwich for every meal? I'm not on brown bread, cheeseburger. I mean, if he's only having like a sandwich and soup or a burger and soup and not eating a bunch of other crap, the, there's a way for them to balance it out where they could give him other things.
Patient: I don't know. I think they call, they fixed in the same for everybody there. I think. I don't know. They've gone in and got, I guess a couple of times and gone over his, the menu with him. But,
Nurse: Right. But if you don't come out and say you're gonna have to just give me a sandwich for every meal and not a brown bread. I mean, you have to come out and spell it out for them. That's the thing.
Patient: I don't know if I can get a hold of the dietician or not. They're so busy and you know
Nurse: What? What you should do is tell them you want the doctor to call you the doctor who's working
Patient: The diet. Yeah, there's some doctor. I don't know, even know who the heck it is. His name's up there. I can't even pronounce it. And I, I've never heard from him at all. The nurses, the nurses, the nurses, his nurse is the only one that can tell me anything.
Nurse: Yeah, I would tell his nurse when you talk to her again. I would like the doctor to call me or I need you to find out. I need something ordered for him that he can eat a diet that he can tolerate like soft sandwiches on, not on brown bread, soups, cheeseburger, something like that. So that's sent with every meal for every meal because this is ridiculous if you don't spell it out for them and it's, you know how it is, it's not gonna get done.
Patient: No, I know. And they still might not do it. They're weirdos over there as far as I'm concerned all day, the ice machine was broke. That's so weird. He hasn't been sick. So then we tell [PHI-Personal], well, we got ice. We just don't give it out a lot. When he was in pot stand. He had a pitcher of ice water on his stand at all times. Not over here, I've had to take him over bottles of water and then I gotta tell him to give him ice and I take bags of ice. That's, I'm getting straight off, I'll tell you. And if I flip on them they're not gonna like it. I don't care. He can't have ice water. Why can't he have ice water? So, there's another bag of ice going over today. I have had it.
Nurse: You could always call and ask to speak with the, the nurse manager.
Patient: Well, I spoke to her already. Yep. You don't get far with any of them. Well, I, I don't know. I hope he's better today. Oh, my God. Yesterday he couldn't, couldn't, I couldn't hardly understand what you were saying or anything that he was so weak and I, I don't know what the hell they're doing to him over there. I don't like, I know that. Well, I just don't know. So, what
Nurse: Are you, did you take any insulin in the last few
Patient: Days? Yeah, I took the [PHI-Account] 30 yesterday and it was, uh, told me to take 50 I think, I don't remember. I might, I, in a fog of 62 [PHI-Account] in a fog. Anyway. Um, I haven't been my mind somewhere else. I, yeah. Yeah. And then I checked the, I've been taking the other one before supper. The sliding scale. Mhm. Mhm.
Nurse: Ok. And, well, I'm asking because, you know, if it needs to be adjusted, it's silly for her to keep adjusting something if you're not taking it, like the 72 units the last few days. Like she, it won't be, make any sense if she's like, ok, cut it down a little if you didn't take it at all or if you weren't taking the right dose. So that's why I'm wondering exactly what you took the last few days as far as the [PHI-Account] 30.
Patient: Right? Uh, my mind is blown. Oh, my God. And my back. Oh, my back is killing me. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And my lower back problems and they just don't, they just don't go away. We never will. Yeah. Unfortunately,
Nurse: That's probably true. San, unfortunately,
Patient: I don't know if I can get any patches or anything to put on it or, I don't, I don't know. Look down there. Oh, and I have another question for that. I called in my, I don't know. I thought I called in my HYDROcodone on Thursday of last week. I don't know. Mhm.
Nurse: Um, let's see. What day was that? The [PHI-Personal] for Doctor [PHI-Personal]? She called it an emergency fill over the weekend. The one we did must not have gotten there. Did you get the emergency filled? The filled and [PHI-Personal]. Are you there? See, I don't know what happened. I think I lost you if you can hear me. Call me back. Hello. Hello? Are you there? Oh. Yep. Yep. Yep. Ok. I'm here
Patient: Now. It was on here 20/30 I guess. Ok. So, Doctor [PHI-Personal] gave
Nurse: You enough for just to get you through the weekend.
Patient: Well, she gave me [PHI-Account] and I got them on the 30th. So I took them on the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, [PHI-Personal] and 5th. So that today I've gotta have them called in for the rest of the month.
Nurse: Yes. And it looks like they're in the process of doing that now. Oh, yeah, they, it has to go through, they have to do the whole state thing and, and they're in the middle of doing that now. So.
Patient: Oh, ok. So it's queued
Nurse: Up. What's that? Do
Patient: You see it there, that they're doing it?
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. So, I, I'm gonna assume by the end of the day today,
Patient: Um, at [PHI-Geographic] because [PHI-Geographic] didn't have any. So I had to go to the other one at [PHI-Geographic]. So they gotta call them in, at [PHI-Geographic] in not the [PHI-Account] where they gave me the [PHI-Account]. Is he,
Nurse: I do and there's only one is linked to your account and that is, um,
Patient: [PHI-Geographic].
Nurse: Well, no, the only, there's only one is on your account and it says is us root [PHI-Account].
Patient: Yeah, it does do up for [PHI-Account], is it? But it's [PHI-Geographic]. That's where it should be. Ok.
Nurse: Yes. Yes. Yes. That's what they have here. [PHI-Geographic]. And I'll send a message just to remind
Patient: Them, you know, I haven't seen since the [PHI-Personal] of [PHI-Personal]. I saw him once. I gotta ride out them once and then I saw him Monday night over here. That's how much I've seen him. Yeah. Not like I can just get in the car and go by myself because I'm afraid with my back that I probably, I got my walker, this walker thing here that his sisters, it was his sisters and his niece brought it down. But I just, my back is a killer. Oh, my God. I've been doing everything here myself though since the [PHI-Personal] of [PHI-Personal]. My sister comes, comes over once in a while. Well, um, our friend come, he's gonna do our laundry tonight. Our friend down in [PHI-Personal] and he vacuums all through for me and everything. He's a God send, I'm telling you. Oh, that's wonderful. And he takes me over there and lets me out and if I need a wheelchair, if my back hurts, he gets me one and he takes me right down to s room. But boy, they moved him and they move them quite a way for me to have to walk.
Nurse: Yeah. No, it'd be much easier for you to be in a wheelchair, I would assume.
Patient: Mhm. Mhm. So, I just, I'm doing everything here. So, I don't know. I hope he wants to get home so bad. I don't, I'm just, uh, I can't get over how skinny his legs are so skinny. Unbelievable. But he's not eating enough. That's why he just, he can't eat their food. And she told me that, I said, I know he can't. Yeah, one, the nurse, we can't eat our food. Well, obviously he don't like it does. He, he, he, I wouldn't need it either. Mhm. I've seen some of the slop they serve before over there. Yeah. It's not anything I would eat or feed my cat or dog or anything. He gets mashed potato once in a while. He'll get some home, home fries and scrambled eggs in the morning and he'll eat some of those to myself. But other, like no one. Oh, and one day he had a grilled cheese sandwich and he ate that, he liked grilled cheese sandwich. It, so they, he needs more stuff like that. Yeah. But he,
Nurse: He needs to tell them, somebody needs to tell them they're not gonna just do it.
Patient: He, he don't, he don't ask for nothing. He don't say nothing to him or anything. I said you need to speak up, you know, but he won't, he won't. He finally got a shower yesterday. I think it was finally, they never gave him one. Can't talk to him. You come here and this is the first one he's had, he's been here since the [PHI-Personal]. He was out there since the [PHI-Personal]. It definitely you, I don't know, but we can get volunteer drivers if we need rides to our appointments. The office for the aging told me and we can get, um, I work, I work, I'm getting those, uh, meals on wheels. Yeah. Started getting those last week. I think it's been 10 days because they said after 10 days that they call me if I still wanted, if I could get them. So it's $3 every time you don't have to pay it. But I put $3 in an envelope and then when she handed it to me, I give her the, I gave her the envelope but they're not, they're not, they're not bad. Me now, when they get home there's some there that he would like too. And we don't eat breakfast anyway. We eat lunch and supper or whatever. And that's, they call about, they come before noon a little bit before noon and they're, they have a menu and if he's, uh, I can read the menu to him and he said they had age one night over, over here and that, that was good. I mean, he didn't get a great big to help and does it like he does here. But he, like he said it was good. So he does get some good stuff. But other days, you know, I don't know, he just don't eat nothing. He's not gonna get no strength back or anything. If he don't eat, I don't want to see where they're gaining anything by not feeding him that, I don't know. I just hope things turn for the better. I don't know that really let me like the hell out. Oh boy. Because I've taken 2, 12 packs of water for him over there. But he can't drink it. He don't drink it much because it's warm. So then I had [PHI-Personal] take a bag of ice over and he said, oh, we got ice. We just don't give it out that. Who the hell is the ice for [PHI-Personal], for the patient? Oh, I get so mad. Oh well but I will let you go I just wanted to touch base with you on what's going on here and how?
Nurse: Ok I'll let that point know how your sugars are. Alright. Alright I'll talk to you soon take care
Patient: You too bye.
