Nurse: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you?
Patient: Hey, [PHI-Personal], this is, uh, [PHI-Personal]. How are you doing this? Uh, beautiful
Nurse: Day. I'm doing good. How are you
Patient: Doing? I'm good. I'm a patient of doctor. And you had called me last week? I think it was and said, how the hell are you doing? And so I'm calling you back.
Nurse: Ok, good. Um,
Patient: Do people talk like that? Do people talk like that down in [PHI-Geographic]? Yes. Yeah. All right. Good
Nurse: For you. Um, how have you been
Patient: Doing pretty well? Uh, pretty well, you know, I've got a, uh, an appointment coming up, not this week, but I think it's next week with doctor. I'm moving around here. I apologize. Who is my, uh, my oncologist? You know, because of my blood cancer issue. And, uh, it's going well, I mean, there's two months between appointments. So that tells you things are going in the right direction. But, uh, you know, I'm getting to maybe a little more stomach upset than I was and I do wake, I wake up whatever number of mornings, maybe a third of the mornings I kind of wake up with a headache and I think that's because of the Hydrea, uh, the, the chemo medication that I'm on, you know, hybre a, uh, so the headaches and, uh, I've gotta watch it or I get a little bit of, uh, a little bit of acid reflux. Like I was this morning. I was kind of, it was in my throat a little bit. And, uh, so, I mean, other than that, ok,
Nurse: I noticed you're not on anything for the reflux. Let me see. No,
Patient: Not. Yeah. And I don't wanna be on anything.
Nurse: Ok. Well, if you wanna know how to manage it at home, um, some people can kind of manage it with their diet, you know, avoid any, like, um, nsaids, like ibuprofen any of that.
Patient: Well, yeah, I can't take that and I'm taking baby aspirin every day because my blood, you know, they're trying to keep it thin and I watch, you know, like spaghetti sauce. I, for years, uh, or I've monitored it, you know, I know most of the stuff. So, so I watch it, you know, back in the [PHI-Personal] I used to sleep with the head of my bed elevated somewhere around 4.5 or five inches. They said put it up [PHI-Account] in. Well, he, it's [PHI-Account] inches, you're sliding down the bed all night long. So I just got to where I, you know, on occasion when I need a couple scones and that's, that's about it,
Nurse: Well, sometimes it'll flare up too. The thing with the, uh, I'll tell you the best thing that I ever did for mine was get an adjustable bed. That's what got me off the medication and then I only take the medication now as needed and I got off of, um, the soft drinks, even the diet ones. So I don't drink any of those.
Patient: I haven't had one in years. The
Nurse: Other thing is alcohol. Do you drink any alcohol? Late in the evening,
Patient: Maybe three quarter, late in the evening? No, but at 5 30 or [PHI-Account] o'clock, I will have three quarters of an ounce of the stuff that's made right there in your town Maker's
Nurse: Mark. Ok. What I would do is for a couple days or maybe a week kind of slack off the bourbon, uh, or the whiskey and just see if that kind of helps let the stomach heal. You may have developed a little irritation. Um, and then make sure you're not laying down, um, at least a couple hours after you eat a meal.
Patient: Well, I think what's doing it a little bit? I eat two little squares of chocolate every day in the morning. I have two cups of coffee in the morning and, and that's moving into the problem that I, I mean, the caffeine doesn't do me any damn good. The, uh, chocolate doesn't do me any good. And this morning, because I woke up with a headache and I was just disgusted. It was yet another headache and my nose was kind of running and I took half, one half of the, uh, the type that you can take, you have high BP, which I don't. But I'm always, I always kinda watch my BP. I'll tell you what I have going on and here's a problem for doctor. You know, I'll be seeing her probably in [PHI-Personal] or early [PHI-Personal]. But I do have a curvature of my lower spine and that, that's a condition I've had for over 50 years of my life. It was diagnosed in [PHI-Personal] at Fort Campbell [PHI-Geographic], a curvature of spine. Supposedly, I was born with it. They said it was congenital and I was on, here's something for in your notes if it's not there. But from the [PHI-Personal] until [PHI-Personal], I took quiNINE every night at bedtime, 300 mg and it was on here. Well, Doctor [PHI-Personal] was Doctor [PHI-Personal] predecessor and then he retired and, but he prescribed it for me in America. They got a little antsy about quiNINE because it could ca you know, if there was any heart problems, I don't have any heart problems, never have. Unfortunately, nobody dies in my family of heart problems and I have a sense of humor. So when I say that don't get excited and think this guy's weird, but nobody in my family, nobody has heart problems in the [PHI-Personal] family. Nobody. So doctor [PHI-Personal], who was a, you know, old style practitioner. Uh, he, he, there's, there's a lot of controversy on quiNINE. A lot of people say, oh, it's not a problem at all. Well, for me, it wasn't because I was on it for 17 years and here's the reason why it reduces cramps in the legs at night and, and I was getting multiple cramps nightly not, you know, people will say, oh, I get a cramp every three or four months and I, I feel like saying, shut up and listen to me, you know, I get every night and they're screamers. I mean, the pain is incredible and my neurosurgeon knows this too. The guy who was my neurosurgeon and would have done a fusion in my lower spine. But, you know, the conventional wisdom now is do not do fusions, don't have it done unless you're just living in pain all the time because because the outcome with fusion is terrible. But when I see doctor in [PHI-Personal] or [PHI-Personal], I'm gonna tell her uh that sounds like a bad word, but I'm gonna bring up the quiNINE topic because here's or here's what Doctor [PHI-Personal] would do. He give me a script for quiNINE with a couple refills and I would go to [PHI-Geographic] [PHI-Other], right? [PHI-Geographic] [PHI-Other] and they would fill it for me. I would send them the script from Doctor [PHI-Personal], I'd send it to [PHI-Geographic] and, uh, they'd get it from [PHI-Geographic] [PHI-Personal], you know, and, and I had to pay like 100 and $20 to get, I think it was 90 of them, which, which would get me through three months. And here's, here's the conclusion of this story. I probably still have because I use them with a great deal of discretion when I hit a couple nights when I am having bad cramps like Friday night and Saturday night, both nights I had to take a quiNINE and, and I, I've got probably [PHI-Account] months left, which is meaning like 100 and 80 pills. And I use maybe 60 a year or 80 or 90 a year, you know, one every week or every week, you know, two a week maybe. But I'm running out of those and the expiration dates are well past because I think the last one I had filled was in [PHI-Personal] or [PHI-Personal] or [PHI-Personal]. So, uh, and there's no alternative. I mean, there's other drugs that they say, well, these will help with. They're out there. I don't know what they are that helps with leg cramps. This
Nurse: Is the other thing are they do, they feel like they're getting that they just all of a sudden become worse.
Patient: Uh, I'll tell you what makes them worse is activity and we own a second house up on the top of a mountain. It's a nice getaway place. And we built that LA built that land in 2021 and we did, we were given the keys for it in [PHI-Personal] of 2021. So we've had it now for the better part of the year and I know that I should stay away from mowing the lawn. But for the last three months I will mow about a third of the lawn every two or three days. So over the course of a week, I get the whole lawn mowed. But when I, but when I, but when I mow, it aggravates the nerves in my lower back and this is not mowing up steep hills or anything. It's pretty passive. But when I mow and I was up there, Friday stayed overnight. Friday night, mowed some more Saturday and Friday night and Saturday night, I had cramps and I'll allow myself to have the cramp hit maybe once. But the second time it hits, I'm taking a pill quiNINE. This is the
Nurse: Thing. You have a history of potassium. It could be your potassium and magnesium are off sometimes. That is a but I,
Patient: But I, I don't have a history of potassium.
Nurse: Ok. Um So were you want to get the quiNINE refilled or a script? So you can get that refilled again?
Patient: Well, yeah, in [PHI-Personal] when I go in because I have enough to get me through until [PHI-Personal] or end of [PHI-Personal]. I, I'm, I'm past the expiration dates on all of them. But I heard something interesting on doctor [PHI-Personal] a week or two ago. It said generally speaking, you can go about 10 to 15 years beyond the expiration date on the pills and they'll still be effective.
Nurse: Well, let's hope that's right. The other thing I wanna say before I let you go is on your, um, reflux issues. Be sure that you don't think this is anything new if it's not getting any better or if it seems like it's getting worse, let me know because, you know, you could have an ulcer that started. You can get damage to your lower esophagus with that reflux and the stomach acid, it can be really bad on wearing away the esophagus and, and cause some, some cancer or even like Barrett's esophagus.
Patient: I mentioned it maybe 20 years ago to Doctor [PHI-Personal]. He was my, the guy that would do my colonoscopies and all that and he went in and did a double dip and everything looked superb in there. Uh, and then he retired but, uh, he put me on jeez, what's that purple pill called, um, NexIUM next year? Uh Well, now he put me on NexIUM and I tried Pepcid and this and that and everything else. And actually most of those have a reverse effect. Now, if I lived with this routinely, this all, you know, the, uh, reflux, I'd be concerned, you know, it can lead to esophageal cancer and all that kind of bad stuff, but it's not a routine thing, you know, it's really, and I, uh, I'm, uh, five ft 11, 100 and 65 lbs because I know a thought would be. Well, Mr [PHI-Personal], if you're [PHI-Account] ft and 280 that's a problem. You need to lose weight. You, well, then
Nurse: You're pretty active too. So I would kind of slack off some of those things you enjoy for a few days and then give the stomach a little bit of a break. I bet it improves and then if it doesn't and you start feeling like something's going on, let me know. Don't wait around until [PHI-Personal] because we may wanna get you in to see G I for upper G I or something. Ok.
Patient: Yeah, I'm so I, I hear you. But I'll tell you what I've had so much last year that I'm just kind of, the less I see of a doctor's office, right.
Nurse: The b, the better I feel you.
Patient: I'll tell you the other thing that that's bad for me and, and yet there's not an easy answer to this and this is a male type. This is men stuff. My free testosterone. Ok. Free, not total testosterone but free, free is extraordinarily, it is very low. I, I said extraordinarily scratch that it's very low. I should be using Androgel supplement. My urologist, my urologist said he could put me on Androgel, you know, the stuff you rub into your shoulders. And a lot of guys are doing it in older age nowadays and I had prostate cancer, but I'm good with that. No problem with prostate cancer. He said, listen, you're [PHI-Personal] years out, you are clean. Your pathology was. But on the Androgel, he said he would prescribe it, but he said you got to watch it. It'll make your blood and you've already got polycythemia two. So that's why you're on Hydrea, blah, blah, blah. He said, I'll prescribe it and I mentioned it to doctor my oncologist and she said, well, if you were to start using it again, then we would check your blood every other weeks to see how it was doing and it just started to get too complex. So, uh, this is the, the final, the, here's the story because my testosterone, my three free testosterone is low. I'm tired, I'm tired. I only maintain my activity with exercise because I'm addicted to it. I've done it all my life. Otherwise I'd be the little old guy sitting in the corner of the room that didn't even have enough energy to talk. Yeah. But
Nurse: Like, I kind of agree. I don't know if I would go on it either if it's gonna increase that when you had so many other issues, you know. Um, yeah, it just, it complicated the decision that
Patient: Much. Yeah. So it complicates things too much. I said to my wife, I just have to accept my condition, just shut up and accept it like a person, for instance, that's diabetic. I mean, if you're diabetic it's not a whole lot of fun, but you got it and that's the way it is and that's the way I gotta look at this, you know, TV, two, the blood cancer, I've got it, the Hydrea is controlling it and, uh, now here's the other thing and then, because, you know, with a little bit of stomach upset, this medication that I'm on the Hydrea, guess what it can cause
Nurse: Stomach upset.
Patient: Ab absolutely.
Nurse: Well, and, you know, most, most of your medications can cause like a rash, stomach upset, dizziness, headache. They're like the four most common symptoms of every drug out there. Um, so
Patient: Here's what my, here's what my oncologist told me when I was with her a month and a half ago, like I said, I see her at the end of this month, like the 26th. Actually, it is. I think the 26th, I see her. It's a Wednesday. And she said, well, you know, we'll stay with the Hydrea. You appear to be doing well with it, you know, et cetera, et cetera. She said as long as you can tolerate it. Ok, I thought that's, that's interesting because I was tolerating it and I found it interesting that she would say as long as you can. Well, maybe people reach a point and I've been on it since [PHI-Personal] the [PHI-Personal], which was a Friday. You know, and I've been tolerating it well, but maybe you re, maybe you tolerate it until you don't tolerate it. And maybe that's kind of where my tummy's going a little bit. And if, if, if I wasn't taking the Hydrea the pill every day, the chemo, then do you know what they do? A phlebotomy? You know, they, they take a pint, well, and you
Nurse: Know, the um, it can cause inflammation of the stomach. Um, but you know, a lot of those drugs are the ones that, you know, can cause that like it any time you take a medication, are you taking that on an empty stomach or you taking it with like your morning, shake
Patient: The directions? Say either one it has no bearing. So, but here's an answer question. I take it at lunch time when I've eaten lunch.
Nurse: Ok. Good, good. Um, so I think that that would be lower since you are taking something with it. You know, if you were taking it on a empty stomach, I would say, yeah, that's probably what's definitely causing it. Um I told
Patient: Him, I told him I told my wife this morning, [PHI-Personal], instead of having two cups of coffee in the morning, I need to go to one.
Nurse: Yes. Caffeine can like I had to do that too. Like my heart doctor was like one cup of coffee. I'm like Christ, I'm a nurse. I'm a nurse. We live on coffee.
Patient: Have I know. So, yeah, my wife was a NICU nurse for [PHI-Personal] years, you know, working with a little premature babies. So I'll have, I'll see doctor, I think, uh, the, the last week of, and we see how it goes. But, I mean, we could, I could be moving towards a problem with the Hydrea, you know, with a tolerance and, yeah, just watch
Nurse: Your stomach issues and then, um, let your oncologist know if they keep up.
Patient: Absolutely. I will. So,
Nurse: So let me take a listen, if you feel like you need meds. Ok.
Patient: And next month I go to my, uh, nephrologist just to confirm that uh, the potassium is good. You know, they got a false positive on my potassium. You might recall. I mean, I was up to 6.25 0.9 and he said, you know what, you got a pseudo, uh, you know, it's a false positive. We're gonna heparinize the tube and we're gonna put a priority status on it so that they get your blood to the laboratory and get it checked right away. And they did and I was at like 3.8 and 4.1 or something like that. I mean, my potassium is excellent and they took me off the VSA medication, which I really didn't need because my potassium was, was good because my creatinine, my bun N and my GFR were all good you know all my kidney indicators were good and the nephrologist said you don't have a problem with potassium let's do a heparinized tube so he did so. So that's good. Alright.
Nurse: Alright
Patient: How things are good in [PHI-Geographic]?
Nurse: Yeah things are good in [PHI-Geographic] um as always so. Alright. Yeah. Alright so you have a good week if you need anything you let me know I will.
Patient: Yep. Thank
Nurse: You. Alright. Alright bye bye.
