Nurse: Well, hello. Stranger. Hi, how are you? Ok. We are just missing each other all over. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah, it's been a little busy for me.
Nurse: Oh, gosh. Oh, my goodness. Yes. So what I wanted to do now I'm trying to find you here so I can get you all pulled back up. I just have to verify the address and the insurance so that, that hasn't changed. And then I wanted to let you and your mom know that I was also going to be updating the care plan with wellness goals for the year and that will include things that you've been doing all along anyway, like routine visits to the doctor, lab work, uh, flu vaccines, that kind of thing. And then once we get those put through, um, probably by the end of the month they email or they, they don't email, they mail you a letter containing those things just as a reminder. Ok. So let's see here for your mom. I, and probably you too. The address is [PHI-Geographic].
Patient: Yes, it's still the same. Mhm.
Nurse: Ok. So that didn't change. Now, your mom's insurance. I still, I show [PHI-Personal]
Patient: She still has [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Ok. So that's the same. And you're still, oh, come on now, these computers today are just giving us such a hard time today and this has not changed. And then I have [PHI-Personal] Medicare for you. Correct? Ok. So that has not changed. Ok. Um, meanwhile, how's everything else going? Um,
Patient: Pretty good. I mean, yeah, I went away for the, um, after Christmas through the New Year. Um, so that was good. My mom has been ok. She hasn't been falling. Thank God. Um, she had a pretty bad nosebleed, but she tends to get those every once in a while. Um, I do believe we have an appointment with Doctor [PHI-Personal] on the [PHI-Personal], so we'll be seeing her then. Um, yeah, and I just, I'm finding out that some of the prescriptions that I had had come from the hospital. So in order for me to, um, get refills, um, they have to come to doctor [PHI-Personal], I believe when the pharmacy, um, little machine that they have, I believe I told them. Yes, it was ok to contact my um, primary physician. So, um, I know one of the uh, prescriptions came through. So that was settled. I had called about that, um, earlier in the week, but I, I, we got that done. So, um, everything is good so far, which is a good thing.
Nurse: Yeah, that's an excellent thing. Now, what about your, um, anxiety? Has that been hanging in there doing ok.
Patient: I've been, yeah, I'm sitting here while I'm talking to you now, I'm Diamond painting. Um, I, yeah, I've been, I've been ok. Um, yeah, I, I was feeling kind of anxious coming home from vacation because I knew that I needed to get in here and clean my house, but one of my sons did it while we were away. So that was great. Um, but no, I've been, I've been feeling fine. I've been sleeping. Ok. Um, eating, ok. Um, I did miss the appointment with the educator and that was because on that day it was a snow day. Um, and she couldn't get into the office, which is great because that meant I didn't have to go down the mountain in the snow that Friday. Um, so we have a date coming up. It's in [PHI-Personal]. Um, what she wanted me to do, which I am doing, um, to the best of my ability because I hate doing it. Um, is, is keeping a record of my sugars, my glucose reading. So, um, because I talked to her about the, um, the, the, the Libre, right? I had talked to her about that. So, um, I know that was one of the things even though I'm only taking insulin twice a day. Um, plus that I'll have numbers somewhat for the win as well because I'm gonna ask me. Oh, yeah. Yeah. So just trying to follow up, uh, my son had my son got, um, his doctor prescribed him a Libre, which I guess with Medicaid you can get them things automatically. But he takes insulin much, uh, more than I do in the course of the day. Um, he takes it with every meal 33 times, four times. I don't know. Um, I think it, um, today, so he gave me, he found his, um, his old machine. Um, and he, I'm using that for right now. I hate pricking my fingers though. I'm a typist. Um, and I've been in school for many years. I, I write, I write book stories. I, a content creator, all of that. So I'm constantly either plucking at my phone on a tablet or on my computer. So when I go to, to test on the balls of my fingers, it hurts so badly because I have to go so deep, you know, because I guess the typing and everything is, has puffed my fingers up. Oh, my. So, yeah. So I would love to have some, a sense or something to not have to do
Nurse: That. Yeah, that, that would prevent you from having to, ers,
Patient: Right. Um, my mom did, I did take her to see doctor that was before Christmas or November, maybe early December. I don't remember the actual date off hand. Um, let me look and see if I can find it. I did take her to see him, um, she did have an appointment with him. Um, when doctor, um, [PHI-Personal] had, um, have her do the, oh, what do you call it? The, um, she was having pain for her, her knee and her ankle. Um, so she did have those, um, x-rays done. So when she went, Doctor [PHI-Personal] got them, the, uh, it was on the [PHI-Personal] of December we were there. Um, so when Doctor [PHI-Personal] got, he had the, the, a copy of that. So she did get a needle in her knee. The, what is it? Um, steroid, whatever in her. Yeah, in her knee and her ankle. And I know that her knee has been feeling better. So that was a follow up from the x-ray that doctor had ordered to see what was going on. Um, um, with those things in her body. So wonderful. Yeah, I actually see, I actually see ate, man, I just looked at that. I see on the [PHI-Account]. No, I don't. I'm in January. Right. Yeah. No, I don't see [PHI-Personal] until [PHI-Personal]. I don't know when I see her because now I can't find the date. Um, but I see it's, it's coming up and then I have my eye appointment. [PHI-Personal] 3rd. Ok. Um, premier. So trying to be at your
Nurse: [PHI-Personal], uh, it's still probably going to hurt afterwards, but a little trick to maybe that you don't have to quite poke so deeply is that if you wash your hands and run them under warm water first, like warm warm your hands up. It,
Patient: It makes easy. It makes the blood flow better.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. So, just kind of, and then, you know, if you can, it's just to, to pick your finger between the bottom of your fingernail and the tip of your nail. So maybe if you, but then for a type for a tyus, that's almost just as bad. It's like 6 to 1 of the other. Right. Oh, my
Patient: Goodness. We'll have, we'll do what we need to do until, you know, we see who we need to see. Um Oh yeah, so I've actually priced them. So even if the my insurance won't give me one. If my uh you know, um if I have a prescription for one, I can actually get one from uh I saw the message on Amazon. You still have to have a prescription. Yeah. So whether you pay for it out, right? Or um and I didn't realize it doesn't fall under part D, it falls under part B which I don't understand that but oh yeah, so, but it's all good. I'm good. Yeah, I'm Yeah.
Nurse: Yes, you are. Mhm Grief. All right. Well, and as far as the um I was gonna say, do you wanna do the that scoring thing about the scoring system that we use for the anxiety, you know, the one where it says if you're feeling nervous, not able to control worrying, you know, over the last two weeks, was it not, not at all several days. Half the days, nearly half the days.
Patient: Um, mm. No, I would say half the days, but not even, it was less than that. I would think. I don't think I really, um, when I go away to Dover, I'm, it's like I'm free. I don't have to worry about anything. Um, with my God Children and I just relax, I can sleep until I wanna get up. I, you know, if I wanna cook, I cook, if I don't, I don't, they love my cooking. So generally I'll do a couple of meals. But, no, I haven't really been that anxious. I can't say that I have, um, not
Nurse: Worrying about too many different things.
Patient: No, not at all. Um,
Nurse: Trouble relaxing.
Patient: Um, no. No. And now that I'm back home. Um, no, I've been pretty, I've been pretty mellow. Yeah. Not really anxious about anything. Um,
Nurse: Becoming easily annoyed or
Patient: Irritable. Um, I have a [PHI-Personal] year old [PHI-Personal]. Yeah, it's not that bad. I pick my battles with her.
Nurse: Yeah. There's just some hills you don't wanna die on.
Patient: Yeah, I just, yeah, that's what I was telling my mom. Like certain things I, you know, I'll meet her halfway but there's certain things. It's a definite, no. And the little things I don't squabble over, you know. So,
Nurse: And how about feeling, afraid? Um,
Patient: I haven't felt that recently well, before today but my son, I have two of my boys that here one's [PHI-Personal] the other one's [PHI-Personal] the [PHI-Personal] year old kind of just lives his life in and out. You know, I see him if I see him, I don't, if I don't. Um, my [PHI-Personal] year old has really been a big help to me. Um, and he may be relocating to [PHI-Geographic] for a job so that if you do this anxiety test next time I might be saying yes, I'm anxious. Um but that just, that just takes that support, you know, that I have in him, you know what I'm saying? Um Not just myself but even my mom, he, you know, when my brother in law and, and um when he's not home, you know, my son like that, he stayed upstairs last night with mom because she's by herself um because his uncle's in, in the hospital. Uh so we do that kind of thing. So that's gonna be a loss and we're gonna have to figure out. All right, how do we, you know, just managing a different way without his help around
Nurse: You? Sure. Sure. Sure. Absolutely. But other than
Patient: No, I've been good.
Nurse: Awesome. I'm so happy to hear that for you.
Patient: Thank you. Good to be. Well,
Nurse: Yeah, I, I um you know how to get me if you need me and same with mom, you know, you just need me, you know how to get me. Um it, it may take a few calls for us to finally catch each other but we get each other and, uh, oh, and I had to tell you, uh, that's what I wanted to tell you. Somebody said to me the other day, how do you spell your name? And I told her, and she said, oh, do you pronounce that [PHI-Personal]? Oh, no. But I, I said no, but I have a friend who pronounces her.
Patient: Yeah, I told you the story about my name. Right. Yeah. Yeah. No,
Nurse: No, I,
Patient: Hey, that, that could work though. Yeah, it's so good. And the, the, the irony or the, the coincidence or whatever. Um, another part of my story when I, um, my [PHI-Personal] year old daughter that I have now, um, I got her when she was two days old from the, straight from the hospital. Um, and it was a matter of going to be to adopt her and her name was [PHI-Personal]. Her first name was [PHI-Personal]. I didn't particularly care. She didn't look like a [PHI-Personal] to me. So, from day one that she was in my and I, you know, I have faith and whatever and I, you know, pray have a relationship with God. Um, so I thought a name for her and I've used hyphenated names for all the kids that I name. My, my son's name is [PHI-Personal]. That's his first name. So I named her to she, um, meaning [PHI-Personal], um, gift of God. Um, and we called her, she, you know, the whole time until the adoption papers and everything went through. So she got used to be calling, got used to being called Shay. No one called her [PHI-Personal] unless she did her home visit um with the adoption agency supervisor to visit, you know, her parents and her other siblings. Um In any event I needed to get her health records. She was born in Chester A I need to get her health records from up there and when they send me the health records, guess what? Her middle name is? Rell and it's spelled CCH er [PHI-Personal]. Yeah, she, her um she's black, Dominican. She, you know, she looks, you know, African American black but her parents were um Dominican. So um and that is Latin for, for [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. So it's like, wow, you have, yeah, it like I was supposed to have this little [PHI-Personal] so I didn't change her. I didn't change her middle name, you know, I, I changed her first name and of course she has my last name um but I kept her middle name and it was like when I found that out it floor me like wow, how much of a coincidence can this be?
Nurse: Yeah, I, I don't believe in coincidences. I think uh I think the good Lord puts things in, in where they're supposed to be. I, I had an aunt, my mother's sister who um ended up needing a liver transplant. And um, she was in the hospital in [PHI-Geographic] and she was waiting for a transplant. She was so sick, she had to stay there. And, um, that morning there was a, uh, you know, in [PHI-Geographic], that what, what morning isn't there a shooting? But there has been a shoot and there was a police officer who was shot and killed and well, wasn't dead yet. They, uh, she arrived to the, er, alive but there was no chance of survival and she was a uh an organ donor in the family. Opted to go ahead and, you know, go ahead and donate her organs. So my aunt's oldest daughter, her name was [PHI-Personal]. Pamela and her married name, her um, married name was [PHI-Personal] and the officer that was killed and, and my, my cousin, [PHI-Personal] was, she too, was, she was sick with cancer at the time. She ended up dying afterwards. But the officer that was killed, her name was Pamela [PHI-Personal]. Oh my, I know. And she got her liver and um, yeah, so I just, and I've seen that happen. A good friend of mine, her son was killed in a bad horrific accident and he was young, he was only [PHI-Personal] and so she donated whatever could be used and, you know, he was very musically inclined. The, the man that got his lungs,
Patient: Um, was a
Nurse: Singer that, yeah. And the, the guy that got, uh, the, the other man that got his heart was also a musician. The little [PHI-Personal] that got a kidney, um, or no, she got part of a liver. I think it was. But at any rate looks just like her da my friend's daughter and has the same first name. It's just, there were so many things that were like, wow.
Patient: You know, I think, I think God worked in mysterious words, ways but I also look at that kind of stuff is like confirmation,
Nurse: You know,
Patient: Confirmation.
Nurse: Yeah. Well I will let you go um if you need anything give me a holler, watch the mail for those letters. It probably won't be until the end of the month like I said and I'll just see what that are usual things that we've gone through for the year anyway.
Patient: Ok, that sounds good. Alright, thank
Nurse: You. Alright. Alright take care you too.
