Nurse: [PHI-Geographic]. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal]. How are you?
Nurse: I'm good. How are
Patient: You? I'm doing good,
Nurse: Good. Ok, so I was just um oh go
Patient: Ahead. I was just gonna say this is for my husband [PHI-Personal] also.
Nurse: Mhm. Ok. Yes. So um it's a monthly call for myself and I would just call to check in with you both and see how you're doing. Answer any questions, get you some medication refills if you need them, I can schedule appointments and then between your calls um you can call me again if you need anything have questions, refills. Basically whatever you would call the front desk for, you would call myself, you know, because you don't have to push any extensions or any buttons for like an operator or anything like that. Just straight through to me.
Patient: That sounds good. I can add your your number then to my um file with doctor [PHI-Personal] and you'll be right there with him.
Nurse: Yes. Yes, definitely. Ok, perfect. And so I was just looking here just to make sure, you know, if there are any messages in here for either of you um, and then I'll also send you a letter in the mail. It will have my phone number in case you need it. You know, um, along with your yearly wellness goals and their goals that [PHI-Personal] likes to see completed throughout the year. So, yearly exam, routine BP check medications, um, things like that. Ok. And it's just a good way to keep track of all your visits. Ok. Yeah. Ok. So let's see here. So, the last message I see in here is, um, from the cardiologist we received [PHI-Personal], um, uh, chart notes and it looks like he's switching to Eliquis. Yes. Your insurance, are they covering the
Patient: Eliquis? Uh, yes, it's supposed to be in their portfolio or whatever we have Highmark. Ok. And that was another thing because I feel things can change overnight. So he still has enough, um, Pradaxa right now. And, um, so I wanted to call High Mark and make sure that the, um, Eliquis, you know, is advantages to, um, him in many ways.
Nurse: So, yeah. Yeah, of course. And so if you find that, um, insurance isn't or won't cover the, uh, the medication, there are a few different programs and they, they're different than savings cards instead of going off of your insurance, they go off of your yearly income. Uh, so if Eliquis is not covered, there is a program for that and it's typically like a household of two, it's like 70,000 out of pocket or sorry, not out of pocket 70,000 income for a year, yearly income. Uh huh. Mhm. So, you know, uh, well,
Patient: The Pradaxa was the one that, um, they aren't covered through the high mark insurance that we have. And so that's why, uh, when we went in, I, uh, you know, we talked to the doctor about that. So, but I will check on both of them and they've been on, um, on the Pradaxa since before Eliquis was even thought about. So she, I guess, you know, she's had some very good results from that too. So. Ok. But ok.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, and I did find a, you know, the called prescription assistance programs and there is one available for Pradaxa and I do know that there is one for Eliquis because I send that one out quite a bit. So if either of those aren't covered, just let me know and I will send the information to you. Ok, perfect. All right. Well, do you have any questions today?
Patient: Um we had gotten um pa paperwork on um Keystone ac O. Mhm. And um I guess I just wanted like a synopsis of the of you know what it is and they mentioned a [PHI-Personal] beneficiary um Bud Buds in there. So I, I guess I'm just too lazy to look that up myself online, but I think, you know, you probably would know that right off hand. So um from what I gather the Keystone AC O is just um uh uh help for um senior citizens on [PHI-Personal] and, and um, you know, it, it, to me in reading this, it could only, you know, help us with, uh with the um knowledge of, you know, if we come across any of the, any of the problems or whatever. But then we have you also. So which you would be my first call, you know, am I right in assuming that
Nurse: Yes and then um a S buds, they would handle any issues that you have like with the insurance. So if you, you know, have troubles with [PHI-Personal] or any of your insurance, you would call them um you know, more so to make a complaint or um you know, complaint would be the right word um or like if you have a hospital visit or you know, a medical appointment and you feel like your cares are not being met or you know, there's something wrong you can call the ombudsman.
Patient: Mhm. Ok. Ok. That answers my questions there. So um now I did wanna mention and it should be on the report from um the um heart doctor was that they um took him off of the 80 mg of, let me see here atorvastatin um for two or three weeks, I think it was, I have to look at my notes because it soon time, you know, to um find out what we're going to do with that. You know, um, because they said sometimes when it's, um, with the, with the, um, heart problem he has, it tends to give, um, uh, secondary problems for lack of a better term, you know, that he was, he was having. So, um, I will definitely, um, give you a call about that once we get that straightened out and see, you know, the Doctor [PHI-Personal], if he agrees with what they wanna put him on, you know, or whatever. And, um, you know, he sees Doctor [PHI-Personal] for basically a longer period of time and more times during the year than he does, you know, the cardiologist. So, uh, but, um, we have a lot of faith in Doctor [PHI-Personal]. So, yeah, you know, MP I or you, I have faith in you. So, yeah.
Nurse: Yes. And I'm your go to girl. So if anything changes or you have questions, you know, definitely let me know and I'll run it by Doctor [PHI-Personal]. And, um, and I did look at that cardiology note. Has there been any, any change in like the muscle and joint pain or? Well,
Patient: I was just gonna ask my husband, you know, it's, it, it's terrible that, you know, it comes with arthritis and, uh, the arthritis with the rain and stuff like today. Um, when he got up, he was going out to a lesson that he takes every week and, um, um, his knee, I mean, he should have had them operated on a long time ago but that's not me, you know. So, um, his knees were really bothering him. So, uh, what I wanna ask him is as a general, you know, do you see any difference in your pain? You know, your joint pains, um, throughout the day to not, not taking days that are rainy. Mhm. I think that's, I mean, you know, because I know mine, you know, it drives me crazy when it's raining, you know. So, um, but, um, so I wanna find that out from him. Um, you know, before I, you know, call in about the atorvastatin and just whatever, but he was, he was getting a lot of, say, joint pain and back, well, his back started to hurt him and, and usually the pain is always in his knees because he sh, as I said, he should have them operated on but he is him and that's where we go, you know. So, um, but I, you know, I wanna talk to him about that so that, um, you know, I can be sure I'm asking the right questions to him and, um, then because I know the atorvastatin is for his, um, cholesterol and I also know that his cholesterol is good but his triglycerides are really bad. So, you know, and then we add one to it, the, um, diabetes, you know, and we just have a lot of fun with that, you know. So, but, uh, so as soon as I, you know, get that straightened, that I feel that, that I understand it totally. You know, I'll give you a call and let you know what, what they said. Ok. Sure.
Nurse: Ok. Sounds good. Yeah. And then, um, you know, as far as cholesterol and such goes omega three fatty acids are really good and flax seed is full of the Omega threes. Right. Right. And it's really good for your cholesterol heart health digestive system. So, you know, you can either get the Flax seed oil in a capsule or you can just put ground flaxseed and some juice in the morning and have that or a smoothie.
Patient: I used to, uh, with the flaxseed. I used to just let it on my tongue and dissolve, you know, um, that I had gone to Doctor [PHI-Personal] classes, you know, and that also helps with your appetite. Yeah. You know, when you're first starting, you know, you think you're starving to death, you know? Yeah. But, um, so I try to, you know, keep the Omega three, you know, and, and the Flax seed in his diet when he's, you know, when he, he, uh, agrees with that. So, what, you know, if they're almost [PHI-Personal] years, you sort of know what is happening with them, you know?
Nurse: Right. And, uh, you can sneak it in somewhere.
Patient: That's right. That's right. So, yeah, but, so I really appreciate your call and everything and, um, I'll be looking forward to the letter and I will get the um, triglyceride, I mean, sorry, the cholesterol medicine and atorvastatin um straightened out and maybe they just want to go down some and see how his blood work comes back. I don't know. Ok.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: Sounds good. Ok, thank you very much.
Nurse: You're welcome. You have a great day. You
Patient: Too. Bye
Nurse: Bye bye bye.
