Nurse: [PHI-Personal] speaking. How can I help you? Hi, it's
Patient: [PHI-Personal] again. Is [PHI-Personal] available?
Nurse: Yes. Hold one second. Let me get her. Thank you. You're welcome, MS [PHI-Personal]. She's on the phone with another patient at this moment. Is this something I can help you with?
Patient: Yeah, just let him know. I was able to find a gynecologist, gynecology or something in [PHI-Personal] and I have an appointment um, on Friday the 27th or 25th or whatever that Memorial Day weekend is. So, um, I, I did find a gynecologist more locally. Ok. I um, yeah, and then she put me in contact, I guess with one of your other associates. I thought it was doctor be calling, it was a, a gentleman on the phone and it wasn't doctor Beg. I forgot his name. Now. He sort of threw me and he said, well, we're gonna set up a virtual call. And I said, look, I don't have a computer. Oh, do you have an, and I said, I don't know what an android is. I said, I'm not stupid but someone gave me the cell phone. I call out, I answer the phone. He said Well, we text you a link and I'm like, I don't know what that means. I don't text. I said, so he goes, oh, and I said, look, I'll call [PHI-Personal] on Monday and tell her how I'm feeling and then she can relay a message to Doctor [PHI-Personal]. I said, but I had a nice conversation with her. I told her everything, you know, in sequence that it happened. I said so I'll just swing back and, and, you know, talk to her and go from there. So he wasn't real happy with me. But you know what? Tough, I'd rather deal with you girls. He was nice. But it was just sort of like you watch computer. Like, what planet are you from? Lady? And it's like, you know what, this is the way it is, right? I'm an old woman on a tight budget and it's just me and the dog, honey. And, you know, we, we get by and, uh, so it, it's just, I, I work with the computer at work. I work for lawyers. I don't wanna come home and, and get on a computer. I don't, I write thank you notes to people. I have stationary. No, I, I write notes. I, I, you know what I mean?
Nurse: I do. I like, I like paper to
Patient: You. You know, I, I, it, it's, I, I like getting a personal note in the mail. Who does it and, and, and I just, yeah, it it's just not, I, I think I sort of threw this young man off but anyway, so be it. So anyway, I'll call Brid on Monday and start calling you guys again. I just wanted to loop back and, uh, because I didn't know what he was gonna, you know, go back and say, but I promise and I really appreciate you guys and how involved and interested you are. I'm not one of these people who, you know, calls all the time and is forever sick. I knock on wood. I am not sick. I try to stay very healthy. Um, my boss did have COVID. It's a small office. I hate to say it. He didn't wear his mask. I think he came back too early and that's probably where I picked it up because they like clients in and I immediately put on my mask. They do not. So, uh, you know, but I was playing, she goes, do you have chills? Do you have, you know, excuse me? I'm sorry, you mean to call on the phone? Um, my mouth is getting dry and I said, you know, it's funny last week I thought I did have a little achiness in my fingers and then I took, you know, like I walk six miles over the weekend and that's when I can catch up on my exercise with the dog. And I said, you know, I feel a little, my knees, my legs were a little just a little bit achy, but I have no pair of sneakers on. You know, I chalked it off to that. I kept thinking back on it. I said it was probably, I picked this up last week. So anyway, have a good weekend. Take the
Nurse: Rest. You too and I hope you feel better.
Patient: Oh, thank
Nurse: You. You're welcome. You too. Bye bye.
