Nurse: Hello, [PHI-Personal] speaking.
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is returning your call.
Nurse: Hi, [PHI-Personal], how you doing? Good. How are you? Good. So, how's your appointment? Go with doctor
Patient: SIA. Good. I had a, I had just ran down to the doctor to give him my specimen beca or my urine sample because I could not go pee yesterday. They even gave me a whole bottle of water.
Nurse: Doesn't that always happen? Honestly? So, so he wanted a urine, were you having urinary symptoms? Is that why he collected it? I
Patient: Forgot to tell
Nurse: You. Ok. Ok. So, so what, what are you having
Patient: Now? The, uh,
Nurse: So you just, I see that, that, that you, uh, saw the lab or you saw the nurse? Um, so, so tell me, um, what was your, um, experience with the, with urinary symptoms? Tell me what's been going on and how long?
Patient: Well, I've been, I've been having trouble going peeing. Uh, I think I got to go and I get in the bathroom and I can't go and I get a lot of pressure there and, uh, in the last couple of days it started burning. So I, and I told the doctor that. So he's, he need a urine sample so he could prescribe something for me. Ok. So if they test it, then I'll get something to, to take [PHI-Personal] of it, you know, and I had to have another, uh CO E COVID test.
Nurse: Yeah. Ok. He did that
Patient: Too. Right. Because of all my, my sickness and that, and I'm getting my cold back. So he said, uh we got to see what's going on here. So I had to have it done. So while he's doing my, uh, pressure on my, on my heart and that she's doing the, the COVID test, I think.
Nurse: So, you were getting, like you were getting [PHI-Personal] up upon, huh?
Patient: Right. Right. I, so I wouldn't concentrate on that because I told him that.
Nurse: Yeah, it hurt you the last time. Yeah. Well, how did you make out this time? Ok. Good, good. So, so, so he did a COVID test. He's doing a urine test. Um, and, uh, what did he say about the coughing and everything? Oh, he ordered some blood work? Ok. Good. Yeah, because you know what, you, you've had this cough too long and hopefully, um, did he listen to your lungs at all or, or? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And what did he say when they were
Patient: Doing the, the thing? Ok.
Nurse: The COVID test? Ok. He didn't say anything. No, no, I didn't, he didn't document anything either. I read it and I'm like, huh, I don't see much in these notes, but I do see that you, um, your urine and I do see you have some labs pending, some came back, some are pending. So we'll just, um, did he mention like, just to keep using your medications as you have it, um, your, your inhalers, et cetera? Ok, because I would just keep doing that. Um, and, um, you know, wait for that year and he doesn't wanna give you an antibiotic until he knows for sure that you have a ut I because you don't wanna take, yeah, you don't wanna take unnecessary antibiotics because you know, they, they cause their own issues if you don't need them. Plus if you do have,
Patient: But I've had it so many times. I know what I, you know what's wrong.
Nurse: I know. I know. But here's, here's the second thing I wanted to tell you though, depending on the bacteria, you need a specific antibiotic that's appropriate for that bacteria. If you start on something and it doesn't work for that bacteria, you're just gonna have to switch to another antibiotic. So then you're taking something for days that honestly isn't working and it's still, you, you could still have side effects from it. So you're better off waiting, getting that culture and saying, OK, I have this, you know, it'll show you have this bacteria however many. And then the doctor could say, OK, then I could give her this antibiotic and it will kill it and then, and then you're done. So, I know it's frustrating that you might have symptoms for another day or two before that comes back. But it also, you know, which I would just drink, you know, drink a little bit of extra water, um, you know, do your best to empty your bladder, uh, as quick as you can, things like that. Um, in the meantime, but in, in that regard, then at least, you know, you're getting the appropriate antibiotic if that makes sense, you know? Yeah. Yeah. So that's, that's really why.
Patient: Yes, I, I didn't know that.
Nurse: Yes. Yes, because, you know, like I said, if he started you on Cipro say, and, and Cipro was resistant to the bacteria, then you're taking Cipro for no reason, then he's gonna have to switch you to a different one, depending on what bacteria it is, you know. So that's, that's really another reason why it's better to have your culture back to make sure that you're getting the appropriate antibiotic and that you're not taking an antibiotic for no reason. OK. Does that make
Patient: Sense? Ok.
Nurse: Good. So, anyway, I will check back with you. I will watch to see your results come in on your COVID and they did the COVID in the office, you said, right? OK. That should be back within another, you know what they say, 24 to 48 hours. Well,
Patient: They said 15 minutes. It would take
Nurse: Oh, well, did they get it
Patient: Back? I guess so? I haven't heard. Mm. Oh, I, I
Nurse: Figured, uh, if you don't hear then it's probably negative. That would be my, that would be my thoughts on that. Let me see. Let me see. Let me see if I see anything and I don't see anything in here. Hang on, I'll look around a little bit here and see. Um, but yeah, if they don't call you and tell you that you're positive then you're not, you know, they would call you and say, look, you're positive. Stay home, blah, blah, blah, you know, the whole miel. Um, and, and if they didn't then no doubt you're not. Um, wait a minute in CO in office COVID screening, uh, that was just your screening. That wasn't your test. Ok. Um, yeah. Uh, I'll, I'll poke around in here if I see anything and I, I'll call you back. But, um, right now I don't see anything but generally if you were positive they would have told you or they would have called you. Yeah. Yeah, they would have called you and told you to, to, um,
Patient: 15 minutes and wait.
Nurse: Right. And they would have said, you know, you have to go home, you have to quarantine and all that stuff. They would have told you what to do. So, my guess is that you don't have COVID, which is good. Um, so, so we'll just monitor and watch that. Urine for, for results and um, and your blood work and everything and we'll go from there and I would just do whatever he recommended at this point. Ok. Ok. Ok, [PHI-Personal], you take
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Thank you. You have a nice
Nurse: Day. You too, you too, take care and I'll talk to you soon. Thanks for calling me back. Ok. Bye bye. Bye. Bye now.
