Nurse: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Hi, [PHI-Personal], how are you? Hey, good. How are you? I'm doing well, thank you. That's good. Yeah. Um, so I was reaching out to you to give you information on the care management program that the doctor is providing. Ok. All right. And I just want to let you know the line is recorded for training and quality purposes. Ok. Ok. So what the doctors are doing, they will provide you, uh, with your own dedicated nurse. Ok. And where that nurse will just call you on the phone in between those office visits.
Patient: I did have one. I did have a nurse call, call here once a month. You used to, right? Yeah, I used to but she didn't call anything.
Nurse: Yeah, because our program took over for them. Ok. Ok. Yeah. So it'll be like the same thing the, your nurse will be there to discuss and address any issues or concerns that you might have been having. Um, she does also assist with medications, lab results and any community resources. So basically like anything pertaining to your health, your nurse will be an added resource for you. And more importantly, it also keeps your doctor updated and aware of any issues that do come up in between those appointments. So this way he's able to better manage your health. Ok. And now the program is also covered by [PHI-Personal] insurance. All right. And what they do is they treat it like a regular office visit. So the program is billable to [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal] Advantage plans and any secondary insurance carriers that you may have and it may be subject to a deductible um your copay if you have any with your family doctor and coinsurance but it looks like you do not have a copay at your family doctor. No
Patient: I got a card for that.
Nurse: All right and then your nurse can reach out on a monthly basis or every couple of months and then you do also have the option of opting out of that at any time. Alright. Were you interested in having a nurse? Reach out to you? Sure. All right perfect.
Patient: Oh I forget that one that had I think it was or something you used to call here once a month
Nurse: I'm holding I could look for you. Mm mm [PHI-Personal] maybe.
Patient: Yeah.
Nurse: Right. So this nurse that you're gonna have um she will call you for a first initial phone call next week. Ok and that is so she can introduce herself to you. So this way you'll get to know who your nurse is and then she's also gonna give you her direct contact number. So if something does come up or you have any questions, you can call and talk to her directly. Yeah, that's
Patient: What the lady, the other nurse did. Yep. Yep.
Nurse: And then [PHI-Personal], I'm going to send you a copy of everything. I went over with our number, so I wanna make sure I have your correct address here. I have 14, 785 state [PHI-Geographic] in [PHI-Geographic] Town.
Patient: Yeah. [PHI-Account].
Nurse: Got it. And do you uh prefer a phone call in the morning or the afternoon? What works better for you?
Patient: Oh, it's usually after nine o'clock
Nurse: After nine o'clock. Ok.
Patient: Yeah. TV, in my room if there's a good movie on I don't move the movie's over.
Nurse: Nice. I don't blame you.
Patient: Mhm. I got Babb PC R and everything up there. Really? Yeah.
Nurse: All right and your nurse's name is going to be [PHI-Personal].
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Yep. Yeah. Alright
Nurse: So I have you all set up with her and she will be reaching out to you next week in the morning. Ok. Yeah. All right.
Patient: If I don't don't get a have to answer service take off that means I'm out in the garage.
Nurse: Ok. She'll leave you a message if she doesn't get a hold of you. Ok,
Patient: I'm out in the garage in here.
Nurse: Oh nice keeping busy. Right. Yeah. Uh good you need to keep busy these days.
Patient: Right. Right. Mhm. [PHI-Personal] years old and I, I got, I've got to keep hunting. Oh, yeah, they said, oh, you ain't [PHI-Personal]. I said, well, my driver's license says I am.
Nurse: Oh, God, that's good. You got to keep on moving. Oh, you
Patient: Got that right. Yeah. Yeah, that's it. He sit still.
Nurse: Yeah. No, me either.
Patient: I, 10, 15 minutes. I can have to get up and walk, take a walk. Yeah. Like we la in the hospital down there. I didn't even dare to get out of bed. How long were you there? Seven days?
Nurse: Oh,
Patient: Yeah. I was in, I, I was in down there nine times last year.
Nurse: Nine times. Yeah. Oh, my goodness. How come
Patient: When one time I was plugged up and I couldn't go one time. I had a, uh, I had splints in my heart or something. Mhm. And one time they had a, one of my tubes they had cut me open, cut the old part out. Put a new part in. Oh, jeez. Yeah. I don't, then, then after that I got two b, two bumps there and a hernia took over the same, same place. So I said, well, they got me the same, exactly the same place. So I wouldn't need two scars. I got a great, big, great, big stitch in my belly. I mean, at home, boy. Yeah. I know. I wasn't so damn to LA there.
Nurse: Oh, that must have been difficult, huh?
Patient: Oh, well. Didn't, didn't they have anything to drink, eat or drink for seven days?
Nurse: Oh my God. How'd you do that?
Patient: Very carefully? Su sucking on, sucking on ice cubes. That's the only thing they give me. Wow. And my stomach got to be empty. See, when they opened me up and replace out a breathing tube or whatever it was, it only away and it was not there. Wow. For a long time, long time, I got that pain. Then it disappeared. No, maybe next year came back. So that last time I came back it didn't go away. And they rushed me to the hospital and they had me in the, at the nursing room. I mean, you know where they, yeah. Yeah. And they, then they, they, uh, then they cut me open, make sure there wasn't nothing in there.
Nurse: Nothing in there.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. When they replaced that and, yeah. Wow. One time I was one time I was, I, I was losing blood and I didn't know where it was going. They, they come, come out and buy it my stupid, whatever I call it. Then they, they finally find out every time I go in they have to put a pint of oil, pint, oil, me pint of blood in me because I was low
Nurse: Because of the surgery and everything. Right. Yeah, of
Patient: Course. Of course. Well, every time I need, I said, where is it going? He said, well, we're trying to find out. Yeah, they finally found out don't talk to. I'm taking, well, nine pills every day.
Nurse: Oh, my God.
Patient: Never ever took pills in my life until, yeah, until I turned [PHI-Personal]. No. God, a whole pharmacy. Oh, yeah. I know. You mean I,
Nurse: Medications.
Patient: Yeah, I know. Tell me about it. I don't cover medication.
Nurse: I
Patient: Know. All the, all the nurses down there. They're really nice. Yeah, you'll be very nice. No, as
Nurse: Long as they took care of you. Oh,
Patient: Yeah. Oh, they took care of it. They come in, they said, well, time for a bath. Funny pass. I said, hey, I never, never had one in my life. I have one now. Oh. Oh, goodness. And that one, that one girl I stay, I stayed in there and stayed in there. She said, where are you going? I said I'm going home. She said I'm going to miss you. It, they, the one she came out gave me a great big hug and a kiss and she said, well, now hold on to hold you on. Yeah. Forever. I hope because I hope I like, I like to see it but not to hear. Yeah, I know. Right. Oh, my goodness. Oh, yeah. That must have been a weird experience, huh? Yep. You better believe that. Yeah.
Nurse: Well, I'm glad that you're home and not in there anymore.
Patient: Well, I got all that. What do you do? Move now? You're echo.
Nurse: Oh, I don't know, my phone has been acting up on me today.
Patient: Sounds like, sounds like you out in the kitchen or some place. Yeah.
Nurse: Oh, my goodness. Yeah.
Patient: Your, your phone real lod and act like you moved into another room or something like that. I can still hear you but it's just way more noisy
Nurse: Now. You can hear me better because I just,
Patient: I got mine on speaker right now. Oh, ok. Nice.
Nurse: Well, I'm glad you're out of that situation and all better.
Patient: You got that right. Um. Oh I still got, I still got problems. My legs is all swelled up. Are they one of one of them? I'm taking water pills. Mhm. Ohh. Mm. Six doctors looked at it and they don't know what's wrong with it
Nurse: I was just gonna say did they figure out why it's filling up like that? Oh, it
Patient: Just on my left leg it's not another, not another time bigger than the other one and they
Nurse: Don't know why? No.
Patient: That's weird. Yeah, I know every once in a while I can't even walk. They're supposed
Nurse: To be doctors and knowing that.
Patient: Yeah. Right. You would think so. Yeah. Mhm. I [PHI-Personal]. Oh yeah.
Nurse: Oh well
Patient: Yeah. Yeah.
Nurse: All right. Well Larry I will let you go so I can take my next phone call. Ok, great. Yes you as well and have a great weekend. Ok. Ok. You too. Alright thank you. Thank you. Ok bye bye.
