Nurse: This is [PHI-Personal], one of the nurses.
Patient: Hey, you're more than that. This is. Oh, hi. How are you? I'm fine. I, I got real cold and it, like, he kind of added to my throat and my stuff but they kept giving us warm blankets, it was slammed and I'm fine. I got back and really at 10 o'clock and the little bus dropped me right. [PHI-Personal] that I've seen before and gave him a tip and everything. He dropped me right by the, my apartment. He used to drop people here, I guess more people. And so I'm just calling you to say thanks for all your anxiety and all your concern and shining on the spot. Guidance and, uh, you're amazing and
Nurse: We'll, we'll, we'll get you, um, we'll get you in with the, uh, psychiatrist and then we gotta get you in with the office so you can get that, uh, referral to cardiology.
Patient: Yeah, that's pretty important. And, and I'm going to have to do it to, um, orthopedics real soon because all that stuff in the, from the fall you won't really, what happens when I, when I move my, I didn't have that thing. The doctor asked me to go to cardiology too. Right. But he also asked me to get, and that, that particular test, which I can't think of right now because I'm just sleep and interested. The one about the eyes that the doctor, uh, eye doctor asked about it was they, they, they, they seem to have done something and I have lots of the blood, you know, they took a lot of blood with it.
Nurse: They took a lot of labs. Yeah, they really worked
Patient: You up. Yeah. And, and they didn't even probably take as much as I, that's the most I've had in my arm and they put it right in the middle where you can't even bend your arm. So, uh, I, I've still got the stuff on. But anyway, baby, enough, enough detail from, I just want to say love to you and thanks for all the things you've advised me for and I didn't mean to ever put you through the,
Nurse: You're fine. No, I just, I, I'm a worry, I'm a worry wart. So, you know,
Patient: Honey, I'm the same way and we want things to be right. So I appreciate you. Tell him that I called to. Thank you with my little froggy voice. You just get,
Nurse: We'll, we'll follow up next week.
Patient: We will. I, yeah, I didn't want to keep, but we will, but I, I know I'm gonna have to go ahead and see orthopedist too because this all add it on to a lot of just
Nurse: It's done a yes, it's, it's done a job, so that's all. Thank you.
Patient: God bless. You. Have a good weekend and you too. My team.
Nurse: Oh, absolutely. Team, team,
Patient: Team. You, you're, you're the, you're the man [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Thank you. I'll talk to you next week.
Patient: God bless. Alright. Bye bye bye.
