Nurse: This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: This is, I
Nurse: Tried calling you back but it kept going to busy signal.
Patient: Yeah, because I had mom's meals was on the phone. You're popular. I canceled [PHI-Personal]. Oh, I canceled the meals because I said, I'm not able to take care of it because he brought one in on May the second, this big black guy, you know, he was the delivery guy and I yelled the door was open and he, he said, did you say come in? I said, yes, sir. When he stepped in there and I looked, I said, ohh, hello? And he said I have a, a package here for you. He was gonna set it down on the floor. I said not there. So I said, that's my heater. It's on. I said, set it over on the couch. Well, for a whole day and a half this, nobody came in to take care of it. All right. And then when the aide did come in it and I said, she said, you got a package. She said there's an all right to open. And I said, yeah, what is it? She opened it up and she said, ohh. It's food. I said, what do you mean food? And I said, let me see the box, she turned it around and said, mom's meals on it, which I didn't see that to start with. I could have called Darlene and told her I had this over here and I didn't know what to do with it because I had no help to get it in the refrigerator or anything when he delivered it.
Nurse: Hm. I thought you were able to get into the kitchen in the refrigerator and stuff. Huh? I thought you were able to get into the kitchen in the refrigerator and
Patient: Stuff. I do. I get in just right where I got my stuff that I got for her to make a sandwich, make a sandwich and get my ice coffee out and that's it. And, uh, but other than that I don't, I can't, IC, we couldn't, I couldn't have carried that box out in the kitchen. I don't have the use of my arms. That's why I had to get rid of my car. Ok. So I just, I just, ever on the phone I talk to [PHI-Personal] and then the guy, the lady put a guy on that worked in the office there and I told him the situation, well, he said, well, then you sound like you don't have a very good life over. Uh, give a caregiver. Mm. I said you got it. So I said no. So they're just canceling out the order and then they're gonna contact, uh, something comes kind of a program that set that up for me to get that food like that. And I just, I just can't, you know, it's a big box.
Nurse: Could you take a little bit out at a time and take it in there?
Patient: No. How is that going to do it? I got a walker. That's what I got to use in here. I can't walk without it. Ok. When are you going to come and visit me?
Nurse: Well, I'm a long ways away. Remember?
Patient: So, well, you're in [PHI-Geographic]? No, I'm not.
Nurse: We work from
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. Where do you live? [PHI-Geographic] City? Oh, yeah. I
Nurse: Don't know. I'm not gonna be able to make it there.
Patient: So, my God.
Nurse: Yeah. Well, uh, so [PHI-Personal] gonna talk to [PHI-Personal] and she's going to meet with you. But, um, I mean, you need to decide you can't, you, you can stop [PHI-Personal] from smoking on the premises but you can't stop her from smoking, you know, all the, whenever. Um,
Patient: No, because she goes around the block to smoke, but she's walking out of here and going and doing it and not doing anything in here.
Nurse: And I understand that and I hear that and heard that too. So she was gonna talk about that. But you need to decide if moving forward. If the smoking and taking the smoke breaks are gonna be an issue, then there's no sense in her coming in there.
Patient: Ah, see, I quit smoking in twen, or in, uh, 2000. Uh, I had, uh, got to, uh, I lost my voice and I had [PHI-Personal] and I had to quit. Yeah. Yeah. And I didn't, I never touched it since,
Nurse: But if, if that's gonna be an issue then if her smoking is gonna be an issue then we probably just need to find you a different caregiver. But otherwise, I mean, you can't like, lecture
Patient: Her about smoking man's phone number.
Nurse: His name, his name was [PHI-Personal]. It wasn't [PHI-Personal]. I don't know who [PHI-Personal]
Patient: Is. That's what was on my phone, right? Remember I told you? Yeah, you said it's only on so long and it deletes itself.
Nurse: Yeah, but his name was [PHI-Personal]. He was from relevant [PHI-Personal] care.
Patient: Um, and then I got that here. O so if he's got somebody please it, I'll keep [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Well, I don't know if he's got somebody or not. I didn't call him. I mean, if you want to call him and see what he has. Yeah. But you can't keep services with two companies,
Patient: Right?
Nurse: So, if you go with him, then [PHI-Personal] goes
Patient: Really
Nurse: Well. Yeah, because she works for warm Heart.
Patient: That other co, uh, coordinator. I had that guy, he said them girls can work whoever they want to. Don't matter how many companies that they with, they can work it
Nurse: Well. Yeah, but [PHI-Personal] not gonna quit. Warm hearts and go work for relevant just so she can work with you.
Patient: I didn't tell her, say anything about her quitting.
Nurse: No, I'm just saying that you can't use warm hearts and relevant at the same time.
Patient: Well, that's not what the other coordinator I had told me. And I had him ever since that I got on the waiver program and, and then they, that something happened, they closed down and he went somewhere else.
Nurse: Yeah, you can't have two [PHI-Personal] care companies.
Patient: Well, how come [PHI-Personal] ha we was doing that. I was the caregiver walked out on me last uh last August, she was working for Warm Heart and she or not warm Heart but uh a to in [PHI-Geographic] and I forget the other company I called.
Nurse: So they can work for as many as they want. But you, the waiver will only pay for one company so the [PHI-Personal] can work for whoever they want however many as they want. But the waiver will only pay for services to one company. So like you can't have multiple companies, they can work for whoever they want. The, the the aides can, they can work for m multiple companies. But if you choose to go with relevant, then you're gonna be stopping service with warm heart. So unless if [PHI-Personal] just happens to work for Relevant as well, then you're not going to get [PHI-Personal] and even if she does work for Relevant, maybe she already has another client with them.
Patient: No, I don't know.
Nurse: But moving forward if, I mean, you can't keep bringing up and, you know, Scolding [PHI-Personal] for, for smoking though. You told me, I mean, in the employment world that's called harassment. I don't say I'm not saying I disagree with what you're saying.
Patient: I, I, you heard me in explaining that to her boss on the phone. I was thinking of her health. What happened to [PHI-Personal] and his smoking and he got cancer in his lungs. Have you ever heard? Never heard this girl cough. She coughs and coughs and coughs and coughs. I know. I hear
Nurse: You. And that's why I say I don't
Patient: Eat, honey, you gotta to get rid of them cigarettes. I don't, I don't want anything happening to you.
Nurse: I know and you are watching out for her health, but that's gotta be her choice and you, you can't continue to pressure her about it. That's gotta be her choice. So I'm not saying that I disagree with you. I agree. I, I mean, but you can't, you can't keep her, you know, telling [PHI-Personal] that she needs to quit. It's her own choice.
Patient: Well, then when is she going to do any work? Like [PHI-Personal] said, [PHI-Personal] has to do all the damn work around here and she don't do anything. I, I can see it when she walks in here on Thursdays
Nurse: Is gonna, gonna talk with her and meet with her about that. So that part's just up in the air at the moment about and is gonna also meet with you to get like a clear expectation of what expects to be done and when and so forth and she's gonna talk to [PHI-Personal] and handle that part. So I, I'm just talking about
Patient: Like she said, she's bringing her or she's coming in here Friday with her.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah. So they're, they're gonna come in and sit down and come up with expectations and all of that then of the work that needs to be done. So, I was just talking about, so
Patient: They're supposed to have that all on their telephone. Yeah. The other caregiver that I had before to told them girls you don't have to go in there and ask every day what's to be done. You got it on your phone, you know, what has to be done?
Nurse: Ok. Yeah. So that's s gonna address that part. I was just talking to you about, you know, there's no sense of wasting everybody's time if the smoking is still going to be an issue
Patient: For you. Well, how many times, how many breaks does she get?
Nurse: Oh, so I don't know the specifics on that. That would be a question for Tyesha because I'm not familiar with, like, [PHI-Geographic] [PHI-Personal] laws and such, I think maybe 2 15 minute breaks. But I don't know. I don't know the specifics about that
Patient: And then that's what, how, you know, I had a break out like that 15 minute break I worked for and distribution years ago in Carlyle. That's where I retired from. It's a big warehouse. Yeah. And I cleaned the offices and bathrooms and break rooms and all by myself. I had no help. Mhm. And I had to clean up after all them Mexicans and I go in the bathrooms and they would use the bathroom and wipe their butt of toilet paper and throw it on the floor in the corner and I went out and told the told their boss I said look you tell your people that the women and the men to get in there and put that put the toilet paper where it belongs. Mhm. And they said when w in [PHI-Geographic] we can't flush it down the toilet. I said you're not in [PHI-Geographic] you're in [PHI-Geographic]. Yeah I think you guys get in there and clean up your damn shit paper off of my floor so I can sweep and scrub.
Nurse: All right. Well I got I gotta get back to work and other things I um is gonna address that stuff on Friday and you ask her how many breaks [PHI-Personal] gets and that's what we're going you guys are gonna talk about his expectations. Ok.
Patient: Right. All right I'll talk to you later. Do some work too.
Nurse: Yeah. Alright, I'll talk to you soon.
Patient: Alright. Alright bye bye bye.
