Nurse: [PHI-Geographic]. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal]. I'm a patient of doctor. I have a question. I don't know if you can answer it or not for me. Excuse me. My granddaughter told me that I needed to contact my doctor to see about being able to get someone to come in and help me with some chores in my house, like cleaning and stuff. How do do you know how I go about that or I, I don't know how, you know, she just said that I needed to contact my family doctor.
Nurse: Ok. Um So I know based off of um let me see, let me look here at your insurance. Give me just one second. So you have Medicare. Um So I do believe that there is a social worker within the office. Um that because you, you don't have like any case workers or case management, anything like that, correct? I have what you don't have anybody that's like a case worker or case management or anything like that that helps you with anything outside of.
Patient: Um right now.
Nurse: No. Ok. Um So I would suggest um calling the main number for family practice um and asking them uh if there is a social worker available that you could speak with or somebody that you could speak with in regards to those services. Um because what they do is they look at your insurance and then they also look at your diagnoses as far as um what you have and what you don't. And then at that point, it would need to be determined, like do you need um office notes or an office visit to detail a lot of times with insurance to get things paid for um or to get qualified for things you have to have office notes from documentations from your you know, primary care provider um that reflect why there's a need um and um you know, they could assist with all of that. Do you have the main number for them
Patient: For the for family practice? Yes, ma'am. Yes, I do.
Nurse: Ok. Yes. So I would just call and tell them um like I said that you need to wait a
Patient: Minute. Maybe I better I I have it written down somewhere but maybe I better get it again. Yeah, that's fine.
Nurse: Ok it's [PHI-Account].
Patient: Ok. And if I would just tell
Nurse: Social worker, no, you're fine um for the social worker. Yes, ma'am or tell them that you need to speak with somebody uh to talk about um in home services through your primary care. Um, if for some reason that they cannot help you or there's not anybody available, another option would be um on the back of your Medicare card, there's a [PHI-Account] 800 number I can give that number to you if you want me to. I've got it pulled up here. Ok. It's [PHI-Account] 800. Mhm. [PHI-Geographic] [PHI-Account].
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: Um and that would take you. So what I would do is that there's probably gonna be a just keep that Medicare card handy because they probably gonna want your number and all of that off the card um or like to verify your date of birth last four of your social things of that nature. Um but I would tell them um you know check a prompt that allows you to speak with somebody if that makes sense. So like a coverage like I have questions about my coverage, I have questions about my plan. Um and then you, you know, like I said if for some reason somebody at the office isn't available to speak with or can't give you that information. Um if you call that number, you know, they could tell you exactly what you would need to do or what you would need to have in order to get services provided and or paid for because they're you know who provides your insurance coverage.
Patient: Ok. Ok. Thank you very much. I appreciate
Nurse: It. You're welcome. You have a great weekend. Uh huh. You too. Bye bye. Thank you. Bye bye.
