Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you? Hi, my name
Patient: Is [PHI-Personal] and someone had, um, talked to me about care management, but I never really got the whole details because I was babysitting. Um, so I don't exactly know what it involves and, and all that stuff, but I do have some information about a procedure that I had done recently and um, and then another question. So.
Nurse: Ok, absolutely. Um, can you give me your first and last name again? You said [PHI-Personal]? Well,
Patient: Probably under [PHI-Geographic], Ma [PHI-Personal], but I go by [PHI-Personal] and the last name is Myers Mey. Er, son.
Nurse: Ok, perfect. All right. Let me get you pulled up here. Excellent. So, um, it looks like [PHI-Personal] did reach out to you. Um, and right now we have you enrolled, but you are just on a status of what's called inbound only, meaning we're not gonna routinely reach out to you unless if you would change your mind and decide to want routine monthly calls, but you have the option to call in. Um, and you will most likely normally receive um, or speak with me. Um, my name's [PHI-Personal]. I am assigned as your nurse care manager. So any time that you should have an issue or concern, um you'll be reaching out to me on this number and we can help out. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Um What is the, is, is there a fee for this?
Nurse: So the service is a Medicare billable service. Um And what we go by as far as billing is if you normally do not see a bill or have to pay any sort of copay at your primary care visit, then the same would apply to our service. Um Some patients may receive what's called an explanation of benefits, meaning it'll show like an amount that was billed to Medicare. Um but typically we bill, I mean we bill through your primary and secondary insurance. So everything is normally covered. Ok, thank you.
Patient: Ok, so can I talk to you then about? Um
Nurse: Yeah, absolutely. How
Patient: Can I I had a colonoscopy a few weeks ago and I know that they were sending the information to doctor and um I I mean, he told me everything was fine. So I'm assuming everything is is fine. Um She had told me that she wanted me to get um some blood work done, but I think it was in conjunction with something that she was concerned about relating to the colonoscopy. So I don't know what that is if I still need to get the blood work, I don't know. So those are my. Ok.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah. Um So I do have active orders for what's called the CBC blood count and then also a ferritin related to the iron level. Um
Patient: I think she was concerned because my iron level is low that um it might be a sign of colon cancer. But so she said, go ahead and get your colonoscopy. And I tried someone in your office tried to um get a date for me and the, the date they were able to get this was back in [PHI-Personal] was in [PHI-Personal]. And so I just went, a friend of mine told me a doctor she had gone to, so I canceled it. I'm hoping that, you know, that they don't have me on the schedule for [PHI-Personal]. But um for as
Nurse: Far as the colonoscopy, yeah, because I did get cancel. Uh I do see those uh appointments canceled the on [PHI-Personal]
Patient: Fourth. Yeah, good. I was concerned. Um anyway, but I think that she was concerned that um because of my iron level that it may show up, you know, something bad with my colonoscopy, but he said everything was fine. Do I still need to get that blood work?
Nurse: Ok. Um So for as far as the visit when that lab order was placed, um, it does show to check the blood work in about four weeks. Um, she did make a men
Patient: [PHI-Personal] so I can do it. Ok.
Nurse: Yeah, that's ok. Um It does say that you were just due for your colonoscopy, but did also want to check that lab work. Um Given, let me see if we have previous lab results. Um there was a slight anemia previously on your results back in [PHI-Personal]. Um So it wouldn't be a bad idea just to go ahead and get those to see. I mean, you have clearance from the colonoscopy that you don't have any sort of internal G I bleed that might be causing this anemia. Um, but it would, it would still be beneficial to check that blood work and see where we're at with those levels. Yeah, I would,
Patient: I would do that. Then I'm usually borderline anemic. I've had this forever. So, um, but I will get the blood work done. That is definite. Ok. Um So it's not time for me yet. I, I do take um cholesterol medication but I would call you to um, to get that refilled. I mean, to call it in for a refill.
Nurse: Um Yeah, absolutely. You can go through me. Uh huh.
Patient: I may have one left on my, on the bottle. I don't, I, I'm downstairs and it's upstairs. But um, but I will look and I, I just know that I can call you when it is time to be
Nurse: Refilled. Yeah. Yep. Absolutely. I do show that it was prescribed in [PHI-Personal] for 90 day supply with two refills. So you should have, oh, ok. Plenty of refills left on that. Yeah. Ok. Um, and then as far as other medications I did just want to check and make sure we have everything up to date while I've got you on the phone if that's ok. Oh, that's great. Thank you. Um, so we have the atorvastatin 20 mgs nightly. And then we also have a calcium and, or the calcium carbonate vitamin D three supplement you take that daily.
Patient: Yes, I take, well, I'm right, I'm close to this. Ok. This is um 1200 mg for two tab. I take uh it's 1200 for two. So that's 600 for 1, 300 for a half. I take 1200 then I take 1500 mg a day.
Nurse: Ok. So 1.5 then. Ok. Got you. Um ok. And then we have the vitamin B 12, 1000 micrograms daily. Ok. Um and then we also just have you using the Voltaren gel as needed topically?
Patient: Oh, is that, is that for the arthritis in my thumb? Yeah. Is that what that is? Yeah, I do that. I mean I, I only can use it once a day because I, I could, but I wash my hands so much that I just, I do it really before I go to sleep and ok, sometimes my thumb bothers me and sometimes it, it doesn't, but I do, I do try to do it every night. Ok,
Nurse: Perfect. Yeah. Um and then a old prescription of the Hydrocortisone cream. Are you needing that at all anymore? No, I
Patient: Haven't. Ok. Need it in a while. But thank you.
Nurse: All right. And then are there any other vitamins supplements, anything that you take on a routine basis? Nope. Ok. Ok. All right. Um, well, yeah, so go ahead and get that blood work at your convenience. And then, um, as far as upcoming visits, I do just have you for an appointment with Doctor [PHI-Personal] on [PHI-Personal] at nine o'clock. Ok.
Patient: Oh, wait a minute, I didn't know that I did that. Let me see. Let me just make sure I wrote it down, um, [PHI-Personal] at 8 45. Ok. Um, wait, I was just gonna ask you something about the blood work. Um. Oh, is that something that I need to, um, go off the vitamin B, the vitamin B for a couple days before?
Nurse: No. Nope. Just, ok. All of your medication is normal. Yeah. Ok.
Patient: Um, and then is this something I have to fast for? Do you know?
Nurse: Um, no, and I think
Patient: In the morning, I, I mean, do I need to make it first thing in the morning? Does it need to be on an empty stomach in the morning? That's what I,
Nurse: You, you can get those at any time during the day. You can have food or anything that affect any of those results. Yeah,
Patient: I know we're
Nurse: Not checking anything. Ok. Yeah. Yeah. There are specific lab. Yeah. But no, these two that are on here as active orders, um, wouldn't, wouldn't reflect anything if you had, um, any food or anything to drink. Ok.
Patient: And in [PHI-Personal] before I come in [PHI-Personal], will I get more lab work done before then?
Nurse: Um, quite possibly. Yes, because all of your other blood work that was ordered, um, was, like I said, back in [PHI-Personal]. So, um, they may want to order some more routine stuff, but will
Patient: Somebody notify me about that before? Um, [PHI-Personal]?
Nurse: Um, yeah, and if you don't hear anything, I mean, it's just something that we can always order during the visit and you can get done afterwards. We can always just call some patients like to really get their blood work done before so that then they can have that face to face discussion with the doctor about
Patient: It. But
Nurse: Yeah, um, if you don't hear anything from the office, um, you can always just, you know, reach out to me as far as that too and we can put a request in to see about getting that blood work when it comes closer to time.
Patient: Ok, thank you so very much. I really appreciate
Nurse: It. Absolutely. You're welcome. All right. Um I'm gonna get a letter out in the mail to you that just has some routine goals and things like that, that we're gonna try to accomplish the rest of the upcoming year. Um, and then, like I said, for right now we have you listed as just, um, inbound calls, but if you wanna change that we can, I can actively reach out to you, like, every couple of months or something just to check in and see if there's any updates if you would like.
Patient: Ok, I think I'm good for now. But, yeah, but that, that's good to know that I'll have that. That's great. Yeah.
Nurse: Absolutely. All right. Well, you've got my number, if there's anything else that changes or any concerns, let me know. Ok.
Patient: Ok. And I should have, I'm looking, but I didn't come across it yet. I should have the prescription for the blood work.
Nurse: Um, you should, they may have printed that for you since you were in the office visit when it was ordered. Um, if you don't, you, it's in our system. So if you go to, um, like the Tampa General Labs or anything like that
Patient: I have, what does this say? Um, ta da da, da, da da. Um, oh, no, that's for the Voltaren. Ok. So the, hm, what is this, what is, go, oh, screen for colon cancer? Um, what? 00, I know what that is. That's what I was supposed to take before
Nurse: My, the go the flu. Uh
Patient: Huh. Yeah. Yeah. How did I forget that? Um, ok. But I don't see, this is all related to the colonoscopy. So, I don't see. And I'm not saying it's not here but it may be some place. Oh, ok. Here's the CBC thing um to go to Quest, but I don't, it, it says test ordered and order code. Is that enough of a prescription or does it need to you guys
Nurse: If it's Quest, they um they can electronically send that over there as well. So I'll send a message um to the office staff uh to route that to Quest if that's where you're preferring to go as well. What about that
Patient: Paperwork? It says Quest Diagnosis, PSC hold reqtgh.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah. Um I think the Quest and TGH are kind of interlinked so they should be able to pull it up. Um If you just wanna give a call to the quest that you are wanting to like set up an appointment with um and just confirm with them that they have those orders. If not, I can. Like I said, I'll just send a message over and request that it be electronically sent to Quest as well. Ok. Thank
Patient: You so very much. I appreciate
Nurse: It. You're welcome, ma'am. You take care. You too. Thank you. Bye bye. Thanks. Bye bye.
