Nurse: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal]. Can I help you?
Patient: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal] calling, uh, [PHI-Personal] wife and [PHI-Personal] if you have, do I have the right person? Yes.
Nurse: Hello. This is [PHI-Personal]. Um, you used to speak with me before? Uh, [PHI-Personal]. How are you? How can I help you?
Patient: I'm good. Uh, well, I was just calling because, um, well, I had broken my ankle. I, and, uh, do I have the wrong number? Do we should have a different number than, um, well,
Nurse: Actually, oh, I apologize to tell you. At least she's off today. So her calls automatically went to me. So. 00.
Patient: 00, yeah, I'm
Nurse: Sorry, I should
Patient: Have. Um, that's ok. That's ok. Um, well, I'd broken my ankle in [PHI-Personal] and so I was pretty much immobile for quite some time and we had to stay downstairs. Uh, so did not use the stairs. Well, she has really lost a lot of his ability. Um, I don't know if to go do stairs. Uh, he does not, I mean, he, he doesn't walk real well either but he does walk to the kitchen and back in the bathroom occasionally. We, he uses urinals a lot beside his chair. But, um, I just was calling to see if the doctor could be contacted to see if physical therapy with the, the nurses would be at all. Uh, something that we could look into. Uh, not that, I mean, they could say no, I mean, if they did an evaluation we just need an evaluation to see. I know it's inevitable that eventually and it might be, that time might be here when he really can't do this. But, uh, it's even come to the point where a doctor's appointment that they're outside. Uh, [PHI-Personal] isn't working. So now we're gonna have to change appointments so that, you know, we can't get into this doctor because he really can't do the stairs into their place. Ok. So, um, and it means instead of going to one here in [PHI-Geographic], we have to go into [PHI-Personal] and if we can get arranged. So I just, I have questions about, you know, whether he could do, I'm doing physical therapy for my leg, but of course I can get out and about, but, but he's just not, I can't get him out by myself. I have to have help getting him out of the house at this point because we don't have a ramp yet. In fact, that's something I'm gonna be calling on. Ok. You know what we can do, we've already talked to people, but it's not yet clear is what we can do. Ok.
Nurse: Yeah, I was just looking back, I see, he just was recently at the doctors for his, um, wellness visit. So,
Patient: Uh, he was, I did not go with him. I, because I still was not, at that point I wasn't, had not gone out much at all except for the doctor that did the operation on my ankle, but it's gotten better. A lot better in the last, was it two weeks ago? He went, I'm doing a lot better than I was.
Nurse: Oh, good, good. I'm glad. Ok. Mhm. All right. Yeah. So. Ok. Yeah, let's, I'll send, um, I'll let doctor know that of the concern you have of his status. Update his, um, ambulatory status. And, um, see if he can have a referral for home care and, like home care, what they can do is they send someone for evaluation and they could also provide, they could provide nursing, they could provide physical therapy, occupational therapy. They can do all that in the home. So,
Patient: Well, we do have a lady that comes in but she's not, doesn't have anything to do with, I don't think she could do physical therapy. She's just here for, she actually does more housework than here,
Nurse: Like personal care aid for him.
Patient: Right. She doesn't do the personal, a lot too much. I mean, she'll help him get food.
Nurse: She's home health aid. Ok. Ok. Like, um, um, she gets, yeah, I know it
Patient: Does some work around in the house because I, I hadn't been doing much getting around either. So, I mean, I can do a lot more than I was but, you know, it's kind of nice to have somebody to clean too. Yeah. So, and we do, we did hire someone that does come in and give him his bath. We did have to hire them, uh, before we even got this other thing going and he, he did, he likes this person. So he's hesitated to say no. Um, he likes both people but I'm not sure that he would go with the real personal stuff because the other lady does the bath and stuff and he, he still only do sponge baths. He won't get in the shower anymore. Ok. So, so, uh, but he will let her clean him and do that kind of stuff. Ok.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah,
Patient: Definitely. Ok. But we do have, we really can't do more hiring.
Nurse: Ok. No, I understand. Yeah. Um, cost. Um, is there any nursing agency preference on those usually like wellcare or VN A or? Um,
Patient: Well, visiting nurses came last summer. He was referred to by, not by doctor, but he came, this doctor that referred him was a doctor in [PHI-Personal], a neurologist. Ok. Doctor [PHI-Personal] or his, it wasn't, I guess Kim Ham who works at Doctor [PHI-Personal]. She's a physician assistant. She did it because he had, he had had several small, more small strokes last spring sometime. Or other. And, uh, so they didn't know, but they said that but he won't keep up on the exercises. That's the one problem. But obviously when I was just laid up I couldn't keep after him, I couldn't do things. We couldn't go upstairs. In fact, yesterday was the first time I went upstairs since [PHI-Personal]. Wow, that's
Nurse: A big step. That's, that's you. Yeah, you made progress. That's, um, physical therapy is
Patient: Helping. Well, it wasn't hard at all. I probably could have gone earlier but, but not that much earlier. Yeah. It, it's been a big help one step at a time. My, you, but I don't dare try to take him. I, I'm just, uh, you know, I can't handle if I handle myself. That's about all I can do. Mm. Ok. I'm afraid if you start falling that I'd go too. Right. No.
Nurse: No. Understandable. Understandable. Yeah. No. No, you, no, it's good to have, um, home health evaluation. Um, definitely. Um, and you, you have to be careful, watch out for yourself too. Um, let me see. And I'm sure you probably already have like, um, things around the house. Like you, you like avoiding like, um, trip haters, like no scatter rugs or anything like that or, um, things, um, that might be in the way of trip, like cords or anything like that.
Patient: Well, yeah, we basically, he's pretty good. We do have a few things. I guess he could trip on but he's pretty much and still knows where they are and, and it's like, impossible to move them. I mean, we have a huge rug that he does have an edge that he has to walk by. But he's been pretty good about moving, you know, not tripping on that. Ok. And actually he, well, he doesn't do a whole lot of walking around by himself. Ok.
Nurse: He use like, walks with you or with someone or if it's a cane you mean like uh or a walker?
Patient: Um yeah, he'll walk with me and before our son actually put up a rope for him to follow from the because he's blind, of course and, and he can get a hold of the rope in the living room and take it to the kitchen and oh, ok. So I mean that's not gonna hold him up
Nurse: But um but it's helpful like to guide him and right. Ok.
Patient: But I don't know since I'm more mobile, I've been doing it myself because he moves along better if he follows behind me. Mm. Goes very, very slowly. But um yeah, does follow me better, you know, follow along better and get there faster. But um oh anyway, it's there if he wants to use it. And although I don't know his memory is getting bad too. So I mean short term is really bad,
Nurse: Short term. Ok. And I think too what happens to a VN A when they come, they also, I think a social worker also comes too and then I probably like a complete evaluation and, and maybe recall from when someone came last year to see his needs, you
Patient: Know, I don't remember a social worker coming, but I do know that the physical therapy did. Ok. And also occupational therapy both. Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. All right. Um, I'll, I'll, yeah, I'll, I'll let the doctor know the concerns for, um, safety. Um, short term memory, the needs that how we need, uh the assistance with activities of daily living would be beneficial. Um And yeah, and, and um, physical therapy, occupational therapy would be helpful for strengthening, um, and maintaining. I mean, sometimes it's hard to gain back anything but at least, hopefully not, um, you know, to maintain or strengthen, at least. Um,
Patient: Yeah, that, that's what I don't know if you'd be able to get anything and, and I don't expect we don't have a bedroom downstairs. So he's been sleeping in a, in his, his chair, which he's not, I mean, I don't think it's made, made a huge difference as the way he sleeps to be truthful with you because he didn't sleep well in his bed, but I think he would be more comfortable in bed. So we're trying to work on getting a room downstairs that has a bit of work to do to get it ready, uh to put a bed in. But, um, so I assume they're going to stay in the [PHI-Personal], he sleeps in that. I sleep in, in a, uh, [PHI-Personal] chair, like, you know, and I'm fairly comfortable. So, but, um, I, I, yeah, I don't expect to have him go up but to get out of the house in a short time, I, I mean, I don't know, I just, um, he just, our son has to come in almost, you know, just support him totally to get down the stairs because he just, he can't do that at all. So, uh, I don't know, just getting him out of the house is a major issue. Ok. And it's gonna take a while to get a ramp. I know that. Yeah. Um, so, I don't know. Yeah.
Nurse: Um, I think different companies maybe do, do them also install them. Um. Mhm. Possibility
Patient: Ri does it but I ri does it. But, um, which I'm not sure what that stands for but they will install it but then they hold it against the house, you know, you have to stay in your house so many years. Oh, yeah. And then you don't pay for it but they hold a lien on your house or something like that. Right. But we don't own the house right now. We just have, we have lifetime use. So I don't know how that's gonna affect us. We'll have to call them. But, so,
Nurse: Yeah, I wonder too if, like, um, if you contact the office of the aging too they may have contacts or advisement on,
Patient: Um, yeah, we've, I've worked with them. Yeah. Oh, ok. Ok. Mhm. And she didn't get back to me, she was gonna do that but she hasn't. So. Oh, ok.
Nurse: How long ago was that? Has that been a while?
Patient: Um, Monday? Ok.
Nurse: All right. Hopefully she gets back to you. Ok. Mhm. Yeah, I would say, like, if you don't hear back in a week, maybe give a call back just to see
Patient: What
Nurse: Happened. Ok. All right. All right, I'll send them, I'll send the message over and as soon as I hear back I'll give you a call. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Thank you. I might not. I do have to go out today for a little short time but um if you leave a message on my cell phone here, this number, that would be good. Ok, thank you. You're
Nurse: Welcome. Ok,
Patient: Bye.
