Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal]. Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is Hi, how are you? Um, kind of not feeling too good. I don't know. Is there a, is there a, uh, tummy bug going around?
Patient: Uh, there is actually, yeah, what's going on with you?
Nurse: Well, for the last, about a week I've been having, uh, kind of the runs but it's been, uh, it's been very loose but it's only been like one time through the day and then, uh, last night I was throwing up and going both ways and I had a big mess. Oh,
Patient: So you had, um, diarrhea times one week and then last night you vomited
Nurse: And diarrhea. I mean, it,
Patient: How you feel today.
Nurse: I feel like a truck ran over me. Ok. And I'm still going to the bathroom for diarrhea now. It sounds like it's coming out for liquid but there's solid there, there's some solid stuff too. Ok. Yeah. Ok.
Patient: Um, do you have, do you have body aches, fever, anything like that?
Nurse: Uh, I'm not sure if I had a fever last night or not. I had the chills and I didn't have the air on in my bedroom, but my right shoulder really hurts this morning. Ok.
Patient: And, um, are you eating or drinking anything?
Nurse: I am drinking, I had some tea, I had some Gatorade so far this morning. I haven't eaten anything yet. Now another question I have is could any of these new vitamins or that, that I'm doing, uh, because the doctor gave me the combination he gave me, I cannot get, it was like 1200 of the calcium. And, um, I think it's 800 I use of the, uh,
Patient: Vitamin D
Nurse: D. And, uh, I mean, I, I, right now the calcium is only at like 1000. The vitamin D is right where it's supposed to be. But if I take and take two of the vitamin C, I'm increasing double the amount of the vitamin D. Oh, yeah, I'm having trouble getting that combination.
Patient: Yeah, they won't, they won't necessarily, um, cause that, you know, issue. Um, so you're taking vitamin C that has extra vitamin D in it. Is that right?
Nurse: I got calcium now and it does have vitamin D in it. The vitamin D portion is the proper, but the vitamin C is only about half of what I'm supposed to be taking.
Patient: Well, the vitamin C, the vitamin C is, that would be for like, um, your immune health, calcium and D are for your bones. Yeah. So, are you getting much more, um, vitamin D than you're supposed to?
Nurse: I, I don't know, I may be I mean, I'm, uh, the calcium, I'm getting under what I'm supposed to that I know. Ok. Now I may have had, uh, like I have a pill box where I put in for like a weeks worth of pills. Now, I may have taken the, uh, calcium with the D and I may have had ad in the uh, pill bottle. So it is a possibility I may have gotten over on the date.
Patient: Ok. Well, I mean, if you have too much d over a time period you can build a toxicity. It does cause, um, nausea, vomiting, it doesn't say anything really about diarrhea. Um, but how long have you been taking these supplements compared to when you had the diarrhea? Did it all seem to start when you started taking them?
Nurse: Yeah. Which said it did, it started about the same time I started taking the, the vitamins and that.
Patient: Ok. All right. Well, we, our, um, system is not working today with them. Um, their system. So I have to call over to the office and let them know what's happening. Um, they're probably going to, um, want you to come in for an office visit. Um, I, I don't know if they're going to check your levels or what they'll want to do. Um, and you think the only thing is if you did have a fever last night, it's probably not this, that doesn't typically cause a fever.
Nurse: I didn't take it. So, I don't know, but I had the chills.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. I'm just saying if we don't know. Yeah. Um. Right. Let me see. And the thing is to, they're saying 5000 to 50,000 I US of vitamin D is safe to take every day. So I'm not really sure that that would be your issue. Um, the calcium, a lot of calcium can be, um, detrimental. Let me see.
Nurse: Mhm. And,
Patient: Ok. Yeah, that can also cause, but that's saying nausea, vomiting and constipation, not diarrhea. Ok. Well, let me call over. I mean there are bugs going around, so it's hard to say, um, they're probably gonna have to see you in the office. Um, I'll be honest with you. So, um, I will let you know what they say and, um, are you able to be seen today if they can get you in?
Nurse: Yes. Yes, I kinda shower and go down.
Patient: Ok, I'll call them and then I'll call you back and see what they say. Ok.
Nurse: Ok. That sounds great. All
Patient: Right. I will talk to you in a little bit or else they, they might just call you themselves and get you in and just avoid me altogether because I can't see your file. So either way somebody will call you and let you know. Ok. Ok. Thank you. You're welcome. Bye bye bye.
