Nurse: This is [PHI-Personal]. Hi [PHI-Personal]. This is
Patient: [PHI-Personal] returning your call. Hey M [PHI-Personal],
Nurse: How are
Patient: You? Hm, I'm I'm allowed.
Nurse: That's good. That's a start. That's a start. Let me get your uh information pulled up. Ok. All right, sweetheart. I'm sorry, I'm just getting everything pulled my computer, I guess has not had enough coffee or something. It's just deciding it's wanting to give me the wheel of never ending circles.
Patient: Yeah, I know how that feeling.
Nurse: I I'm like I'm telling you. All right, [PHI-Personal]. Keep running, keep running, keep running. Alright sweetheart. Can you state your name and date of birth for me?
Patient: Over 2 [PHI-Personal]?
Nurse: Perfect. All right, let me take a look here. I was trying to touch base with you. See how you've been doing, ask you about your COPD and um, I see we have had an er, visit since our last visit so I was trying to touch base with you.
Patient: Um I'm fine, I'm fine.
Nurse: Ok. Um trying to take a look about what's going on here. So one of the reasons I was trying to touch base with you was because some of your diagnosis warrant. What's called remote patient monitoring. Um, and that's just where I can give you a, uh, pulse ox BP cuff. And um, all of that information can come here to our electronic medical records. So doctor fares can see it in between the visits. Make sure you're doing good, make sure that the weather is not exacerbating your COPD. Um, and that your BP is indeed completely under control with your medications. Um, wanted to see if you were interested in
Patient: Medication for the BP anymore because it was causing me to be dizzy. It was causing me to fall. It, it, it, I, I didn't like it. I was lightheaded even sitting
Nurse: Down. Right. And that's one of the reasons I wanted to offer. Yeah. And that's one of the reasons I wanted to offer that to you all the way together, that way we can make sure that everything continues to stay under control. Ok, let's do that. Yeah, I was looking at your chart and I was like, you know what M [PHI-Personal] would totally benefit from all of this. Um, being in [PHI-Geographic], the humidity alone can exacerbate some issues. Um, and I know you and I had talked about the medications causing you some dizziness. So that's why I wanted to kind of bring it up to your attention. Hey, this is something that would totally benefit you. Um, I have been able to keep some of my patients out of the hospital with this, which is wonderful. Um, and that way, um, it is something that totally gives doctor, uh, those numbers the, um, benefits of ok, you know what we need to kind of tweak this here, um, and so forth. Um, do you have any questions regarding any of that?
Patient: Mm. Y'all supply the supplies.
Nurse: Yes, ma'am. So, what will happen would be, uh, pretty much, um, I would, you know, you and I have this chit chat. You agree? Yes or no. Um, my enrollment specialist will then get in touch with you and, or I can transfer the call to her by the time you and I get done talking. Um, and then what happens is we talk to, uh, Miss [PHI-Personal] and Miss [PHI-Personal] is the one that will then confirm the shipping area. Um, she'll toggle everything, make sure everything's working in your favor and then you come back to me for those monthly calls. Um, just wonderful. I mean, doctor loves the program. It, everything goes straight to your EMR and then in between those visits, I can hop into your chart, your chart, make sure everything's reading good and you're not having any problems with any of your medicines and, or any spikes in your BP due to not being on anything. Does that kind of make sense? Yes, ma'am. I mean, I love the program. It's an actual, I mean, I, I, it's like I said, I've been able to keep people off of, you know, having to go to the hospital and stuff like that. Um Of course, it's not a 24 hour service, MS [PHI-Personal]. Um, it is just available when doctor office is open. Now, if you were to take your BP and, or have issues with your COPD, um, and you are symptomatic, of course, we recommend going to the EMR at the er, or urgent care but when I get back into um, you know, the clinic Monday and I'm able to see that I would then follow up with you. Ok. Um Have you had any issues with the humidity there in [PHI-Geographic] at all?
Patient: Mm. No, not really. I mean, I take Combivent because it doesn't cause thrush and all the other ones will cause thrush and I have dentures. Oh, yeah, I know how that I scrub out my mouth or rinse it out. I always end up with thrush and,
Nurse: And you know what I do have those patients that are a little bit more, you know, sensitive to that and of course, you know, the dentures do kind of promote that extra um uh fungal infection growth. Um But you know that copies in that right there, I worked in um asthma allergy and immunology for several years. I have heard nothing but great things about it. It works great for me. I, I've, I've heard nothing but great things. I
Patient: Do one or two puffs in the morning, one or two puffs at night, depending on how I feel. Mhm. And how my breathing is and I've not had any problems until now. I've got bronchitis right now. I'm going to, to the clinic, um, at Walgreens. Uh huh. Um,
Nurse: When did we get bronchitis? My
Patient: Allergies is draining into my chest.
Nurse: Oh, no. Oh, no. Are we doing our allergy medications? Huh? Yeah, I have Flonase. Ok. All right. Now, do you do an extra Zyrtec or Claritin or anything? MS [PHI-Personal]?
Patient: No, I don't take anything like that.
Nurse: Ok. Have you talked to Doctor [PHI-Personal] regarding that? No. Ok. Um, the reason I ask is because sometimes that does help the over the counter, um, allergy medications do help with that postnasal drip and it, it helps prevent, um, of course, any sort of, um, extra drainage and stuff, you know, kind of going into the lungs and causing exacerbations, right? Um, it does help. Um, that being said it is, uh, let's see here. You said you're doing Flonase? Are you doing it twice a day? No, once a day. Ok. You can take it twice a day in the morning and at night. Um, and that will help as well. Um, and then of course nasal washes do help as well too.
Patient: Yeah, I have some, uh, nasal spray too. Oh, good. I know, uh, saline,
Nurse: That simple saline stuff. Yeah. Ok. Perfect. Um, that being said that helps kind of keep everything washed out. It helps with that extra, um, allergen, environmental allergens, triggering everything. Um, and then of course you can do, uh, if you've had no problems in the past, you know, a Zyrtec Claritin, um, uh, let's see, I can't. Allegra Allegra was the other one. Um, and you can take that once a day and sometimes a lot of my patients benefit from the, uh, allergy medications being at night because when we're laying down the, uh, extra, uh, mucus and stuff like that kind of settles down. So that just kind of helps out a little bit, um, in that area as well. Um, now I've got you doing Albuterol. How are we doing with that?
Patient: Um, yeah, I'm fine with that.
Nurse: Now, that one is a good thrush promoter. Just kinda fy, I so be mindful of that one and when you do take it, make sure we are definitely taking care of our dentures, rinsing them out, washing them and brushing them and then of course, uh, getting a good cleaning of our mouth. Ok.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: All right. So what I'm gonna do is I am going to, uh, message my friend [PHI-Personal] who will then talk to you about the R PM program. Um, that being said, be mindful of the increased humidity outside as the weather changes. Some people who have COPD do exacerbate, um, you can do your emergency inhalers and then I just, you know, be mindful of your emergency plan. Ok. Ok. All right. So I'm gonna transfer you to BECA give me one second and I am super happy I was able to touch base with you because as soon as this program came up, I was like, my friend [PHI-Personal] would benefit from this so much. I'm telling you. I did, I was like, ok, she's got COPD, she's got hypertension. We talked about the medications causing problems. I would really love to be a part of your care here. Ok. All right. So here she comes, I'm gonna go ahead and hit transfer if you need anything. You have my personal line. I want you to give me a call in between. Ok. All right. No problem. Alright dear, here she is. Thank you. You're welcome. Good
Patient: Morning Michelle. Hello, how are you? I'm doing well. Thank you. How about yourself? Not too bad. That's good to hear. Just wanted to welcome you to the remote patient monitoring program. Go over some information with you. It'll be fairly quick. Um, much like chronic care management. It's a billable service to Medicare, Medicare Advantage plans and secondary insurances should be subject to deductible co pay co insurance. The device itself is at no charge. It will arrive through fedex. You should receive that in about a week or so. I have your address as 4003, Pebblestone Place, Tampa Florida 33624. Is that correct? Yes. Yes, ma'am. Excellent. Once you receive your device. You'll get a call from our specialist, Mary Jo, she'll help you set it up just to make sure you're confident in using it. Answer any questions you may have, then you resume your calls with. Uh I'm sorry, Kimberly. Um Do you have any questions for me at this time? No, not really. Uh She's explained it rather well beforehand. Perfect. And um Mary Jo will help explain how to set it up and any questions you may have. Ok. That works great. Perfect. And we're all set Michelle. You enjoy the rest of your day and stay safe. You too. Thank you. Bye bye, bye bye.
