Nurse: Good morning. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal]. Hi,
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. How are you?
Patient: I'm ok. How are you?
Nurse: I'm good, thank you. So I was looking in the chart and I can see that your father, uh, was referred to, um, Doctor Bakh Os. Ok. And you're saying you haven't heard from anybody at their office?
Patient: So they called me, but doctor had said that he needed additional testing. So I wanted to make sure all that testing or whatever needed to be done prior to him seeing the surgeon is done, then I would schedule with the surgeon or if he doesn't need anything else, then I can call them back and say he's good to schedule a
Nurse: Visit. So I can see that he ordered, um, on the fourth, he did order three different tests. Um, so that's what you were referring to. Then you haven't heard regarding scheduling those?
Patient: Yes. And I did get a phone call, I think from the coordinator and, uh, she left a message which I called her first. I wasn't sure if she was like doing that or not. So then I called her first. She called me back. I called her back and then I haven't heard anything since and I called her back, I think on Friday. Um, so I still haven't heard anything. So that's what I was wondering is I wanna get the other testing done because I don't wanna go to the surgeon without. That doesn't make sense. And
Nurse: What was the right, exactly. What was the phone number, um, that you had called when that, um, was that what her name was? Was [PHI-Personal]? I think
Patient: So. Hold on. Ok, I can look, I think I got it on the sticky. Not hold on. Ok. Oh um and there's too many dang numbers. I have like one for radiology. I have one for pet scan like um. Mhm. Maybe there's two. Go ahead. I'm sorry. [PHI-Account]. Maybe.
Nurse: Um [PHI-Account]. What was the number?
Patient: [PHI-Account] [PHI-Account]. That's M [PHI-Account]
Nurse: [PHI-Account]. Um, ok, so I am not here. Let me see if I can find I'm not familiar with that phone
Patient: Number and that's like her direct. Like when I call it goes directly to her voice mail. Ok,
Nurse: So I would recommend trying um continuing to reach her. But um, we also
Patient: Have, I'm coming in on Thursday to see doctor. He has to have like breathing test done and whatever else. So if I can't get scheduled before then can we get scheduled when I'm in person?
Nurse: You can talk with them, you know, talk to them about that. I'm not in the actual office. So I can't say for sure that, you know, they could handle that. But I don't see why they wouldn't be able to. Yeah, on the 11 he's got the pulmonary function test. I see that there. Yeah. Ok. So, yeah, if not, um, do you have the general patient scheduling phone number?
Patient: Uh, I don't know if they'd be able to have like actual doctor [PHI-Personal]. Uh, uh, it's [PHI-Account].
Nurse: Um, no, that's just the phone number to reach the office. The 800. There's an actual patient scheduling line
Patient: If you wanna give me that. Yeah,
Nurse: Let's see if that might help. I'm not sure. 800. 8367536
Patient: [PHI-Account]. And this is for patient
Nurse: Scheduling. Yeah, just patient scheduling in general. They might be able to direct you correctly. Um, but most likely the coordinator who really needs to help you. Yeah,
Patient: That's what I phone and her name. Yeah. What you say? Go ahead. You, you
Nurse: Don't know her last name. [PHI-Personal] K,
Patient: I have no idea. I know her name is [PHI-Personal]. That's all I know.
Nurse: And you don't happen to know. Hold on right here. Oh, ok. Right here. So, [PHI-Personal] Dancy Williams.
Patient: Yeah, there you go.
Nurse: Ok. So I'll just forward this message along to as well. Um
Patient: Ok. Yeah, we, I mean, like I said, she did try to call me back and then I called her back again and I left a message on Friday and I figured, ok, I'll give her until like the end of the day, Monday, which is when I called you guys because I'm like, yeah, I don't know who want to call here. Do you think I should still try to call patient scheduling or should I just wait for him?
Nurse: Um, I'd wait for him. Let me forward a message to her. I can't guarantee that she's in today. She might have had a couple of days off. Maybe
Patient: She did. Exactly. And I was like, that's what I'm saying. She's usually really good.
Nurse: Yeah, I'm sure she'll get back to you, but I'll forward the message along. So, you know, it'll be another way of letting her know that you're
Patient: Reaching. She called and like I call her back, please call her back. Yeah. Yeah, like I said, I wanna get this taken care of so we can get him into. Yeah, sooner rather than later.
Nurse: Yep. All right. Well, let me, um, note all this and then I'll get it forwarded along for you.
Patient: Ok, I really appreciate it, [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: You're welcome. Have a great day.
Patient: Thank you. You too. Bye.
Nurse: Thank you. Bye bye.
