Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hey, [PHI-Personal]. Uh I, I can't believe I got up with you but uh that's wonderful. This is uh [PHI-Personal]. Ha. Uh, hi, [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: I just left you a message.
Patient: You. Yes, you did. I see that uh I, um, just washed my hair and uh it was cold uh in there and I said I'm going to uh go lay down in my bed where it's nice and warm until my, until my hair dry because if I use a dryer it uh frees it all up. And I just, well, anyway, um, you know how particular we are with our hair. I totally understand any. Anyhow. I um uh have several questions. One of which is, um, do you do all of doctor s uh patients or uh does or you just a few? And somebody else does a few? And how does that work? Because what I'm after is, are you also with my daughter in law [PHI-Personal]? Are you her go to person?
Nurse: Um, I am not sure but I can look, give me one second. Sure. Ok. Is it, it's so it's [PHI-Personal] and her first name is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Mhm. No, it's spelled [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Oh, ok. So she is not popping up on my list. Hold on one second. So, is she a patient with doctor as well?
Patient: Uh, she is and, uh, she has been, uh, in the hospital now, almost three weeks and, um, she was in intensive care up until just probably three or four days ago. And, um, they, uh, I mean, she was very, uh, very critical. She was on the ventilator. Uh, well, they just took it off just, uh, that also maybe probably a week ago and, um, she's wanting to come home and, um, they, uh, of course, need the bed and I can certainly appreciate that. But, uh, the thing about it is is, uh, her, uh, daughter is [PHI-Personal]. So we have lots of help as far as that goes. So what, uh, what I was wondering is, um, you know, she keeps calling or not calling, she'll send one of the girls a text and she'll say come get me and, well, they did that yesterday and sat down there all day and of course they didn't release her. But, um, one doctor, uh, I guess, kind of signed off on it and the other d and, uh, they were waiting for another doctor to do so. So I don't know what the deal is with that. But, um, she has to have a dialysis three times, uh, a week and, uh, I know that their services for, like, picking her up and taking her to dialysis and then bringing her home. And, uh, because I use that, I personally did not. But my, uh, uh, I've done a lot of caregiving. My, uh, uh, uh, sister-in-law, uh, had to do that and, uh, I found it was a lot easier and gave me a little bit of time, uh, to have them pick her up and take her and bring her back. And, uh, also I'm wondering, I really think that we probably need, like, if, uh, hospital bed. Ok. And, uh, probably, uh, uh, uh, maybe a, a bedside toilet. Now, her room is right next to the bathroom. I mean, it's just, you know, you out of one door and in the other. So it's not, uh, and that, and that's another thing. She has to have help doing everything, right. Uh, so, um, and I guess she's been having quite a few accidents as far as like diarrhea and whatever and it's like everywhere and she, uh, wants to keep, she wants her bed and I can appreciate that, but I also know what it's gonna take for the girls to clean up after her. And, uh, uh, she's just not thinking clearly right now. Uh, but I understand once you've been on the ventilator that long and you come off, you've gotta have a lot of, um, physical therapy and, um, uh, and all sorts of stuff like that. So I just I just have, you know, so many questions and I know there's so many services out there that can help us. And um, the girls just lost their dad in uh March. Oh, jeez, I'm so, I know. And no, uh the second week that uh [PHI-Personal] was on the uh uh ventilator, they were saying, you know that because she just would not breathe on her own and she would not wake up that she did not even respond to pain. So, uh, you know, they were very concerned and, um, they told us at that time that, um, she probably would not be coming home from there. Wow.
Nurse: So she's come a long way.
Patient: Oh, yes. Uh, yeah. And, uh, and I do think that the sooner she gets home, the better she will be. Um, yeah, and she was a heavy, heavy smoker. But we, and we told her, you know, as long as you've been without it and she says I haven't really had an urge for one. That's great. Uh, well, yeah, it is. But, um, before, uh, uh, her husband passed, you know, she had said or right after he got sick and they said, you know, stop smoking and all that good stuff. And, uh, she, she said that's it. I quit too. Uh, I'm quitting with you as soon as you home are home. Nothing. And that lasted about a week and then it was just one every now and then. And then it, you know, and then it got back up and of course, after she lost him it was like a light one with the other ones type of thing. So, uh, she did try to, uh, get a prescription for, um, the patches, I guess. And, uh, the, uh, copay was, uh, it was so high that she just really didn't feel she could afford it. And I said, well, anything is a lot less expensive than those cigarettes. But anyway, if you're, uh, I mean, I guess the first thing we need to find out is if you would be, um, the person to, um, that will be her contact or in go between or, I'm not sure what your title would be, uh, uh, before, you know, all this. But it just makes sense that if your mind we would, you know, and we're both right here together. As a matter of fact, our rooms are side by side and we share the bathroom. Um, so, uh, it just makes sense to me that you would be but how, uh, how do we go about really finding that out? Did you say she's not popping up? Could that be because she hasn't been released yet or?
Nurse: Well, so let me just confirm her date of birth. Is it 10, 1919 64? Yeah. Ok. So I did find her in, um, in the system here and so there's some things that qua, that qu, that qualify a patient for care management and there's some things that make a patient ineligible for care management. Ok. Ok. Um, so it looks like she's been seen with doctor, um, within the past year. Um, she does have two chronic conditions, um, and she does have Medicare health insurance. Is that correct? That is correct. Ok. So you're saying whenever she comes out of the hospital, she's gonna be getting dialysis three times a week, correct. So she, so that would be the thing that would make her ineligible for this
Patient: [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Ok. Um, the details of why, um, the only thing I can think of is why that, that's an ineligible reason is because the patient is being followed so closely by the nurses and the doctors for, with the dialysis. Um, however, I will look into it for you. Um, I, my suggestion would be to contact, I hate to tell you to keep making phone calls because I know you're probably exhausted as it is. Um, that's quite
Patient: The, it's a lot easier to know who to call rather than this one says. Ok. Well, I think you need to talk to and then you've got two or three before you even get to talk to anybody. But anyway,
Nurse: So, yeah, so I am going to, I wanna make sure 100% before I tell you who to call next that there's nothing that I can do for you. So I'm gonna send out, I'm gonna get in contact with my supervisor just to go over, you know what I just told you and I'm gonna give you a call back here shortly. Is that ok?
Patient: That is wonderful. Yeah. Oh,
Nurse: Ok. So yeah I will speak with my supervisor and um I will give you a call back here very very shortly. Ok.
Patient: All right, [PHI-Personal]. Thank you so much.
Nurse: You're welcome Elizabeth. I'll call you back soon. Alright, bye bye. Alright, bye now.
