Nurse: Care management. This is [PHI-Personal]. Can I help
Patient: You? Gay. It's
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. [PHI-Personal]. What happened? What's
Patient: Going on right now? Yeah. Got a severe urinary tract infection and he's got pneumonia. They said so don't send him out there because they wanted his heart checked and to do so there. Ok. Well, I can't, I can't drive all the way out there so I can't go, I just talk to him on the phone and, uh, I wouldn't be able to go anyway. I can't walk the hallways to get anywhere. I can't, I'm not as bad off as he is. I cannot walk very far. So, oh God, what a nightmare. That was something that we gave us every day for the last couple months. I'm so sick of it. God, it never ends. And
Nurse: I know, I know [PHI-Personal]. The, the good news is he's, he's where he needs to be. They're gonna take care of him. They, they need to, you know, probably give him antibiotics and work him up and make sure his breathing is ok. And, you know, but that like, you know, that urinary tract infection that could make your balance be off that could make you really.
Patient: That's what happened. He couldn't even stand up. He couldn't hardly walk. He kept getting dizzy and fall, fall in the bed. And I said about four o'clock in the morning, I said you have to go to the emergency room. So I got dressed and then I called them and they come and got, and I was able to get to the car. I drove in a, a long time and I drove over there, I walked into the hospital, I didn't think I was gonna make it. My back was out. I need it. And then they let me go in with them and then they said they did all kinds of tests over there, chest x rays and blood work and head scan and all kinds of stuff. And, uh, then they said that he needed to go to them because there's a lot of stuff that they don't have that order, you know, to do to do. So they sent him there. I just,
Nurse: Yeah, I know, I
Patient: Know. You said you had the UC I, two weeks ago because it wasn't peeing right or something. I said, well, why didn't you tell me two weeks ago? You know, you can't let that go. He could have gone septic with that crap. Yeah.
Nurse: Absolutely.
Patient: Oh, my God. I just,
Nurse: Absolutely. Did you finish your antibiotic yet?
Patient: No, not yet. It's, it's getting there.
Nurse: Is it getting better?
Patient: Yeah. Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah. All Right. Well, jeez, I, I wish you the best. I wish you didn't have to be like that. But at least he's, he's in the right place. Um, you know,
Patient: I don't know how long he'll be here but pick me up and get home. Yeah. Yeah. So good. I can talk to him. I call out there and they, they bu, to him and I can talk to him on the phone. Oh, I didn't get any sleep. I, four o'clock in the morning until last night I got some sleep and he, he, he, he was exhausted and, and so was I, I just, you know, so, so they got the report to the point. Got the report about him then.
Nurse: Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. She has them here. Yep. Yeah. Absolutely. Ok. All right. And, well, you know, take care of yourself rest up
Patient: Because you're probably gonna need it alone. We've been together for [PHI-Personal] years and we always, pretty much, you know, he worked and lived three years but after he retired quite a few years ago, we've always been right here together and I hate it. And his cat. Oh, my God. His cat's driving me crazy. Yeah, definitely. I'm sure. Yes. Oh, she's terrible. Going around the house looking and crying and getting up on the bed and jumping. Oh, my God, she's terrible. Well, she stuck right off his butt anyway. That's his dad.
Nurse: Yeah. So,
Patient: Yeah. So I, I
Nurse: Hang in there. Take care. I'm sure he's getting good care. So you don't
Patient: Need to be worried about. You don't fall. He said, I said, I'll be careful. Well, that's true. That's true. Absolutely. He didn't fall. He, he, he got, he, I was at the desk on my computer and he came over and showed me something and he turned around back and he, and he ended up sitting down on the TV stand and I, what, what's the matter? And he said he got dizzy. Well, when he, when he sat down on that he pushed back and he, uh, those TV s are sensitive to those, you know, that they, he hit the TV and the TV is ruined. It's, it's no, no picture. No, nothing. So fell
Nurse: Into what you mean.
Patient: Yeah. And he bumped it and that, that took it right out
Nurse: But he lost his balance.
Patient: Yeah. And anyway, so I, I ordered him another TV from Walmart. It supposed to be here today. So I'll wait and see if that gets here because he wants his TV, in the living room.
Nurse: Yeah. So is that what made you go to send him to the,
Patient: [PHI-Personal], yes. Well, no, he came, we went, he went to bed and he tried to get up to go to the bathroom and he was, he was wobbling all over the place and he fell back on the bed and they said you are gonna go to the emergency room and father do it. Yeah so then then they came I called and they come and got it so but all right I'll let you go I just tell you that.
Nurse: Yeah. No I'm glad that you you let me know I'll give her she knows he's there but I'll just give her a little update. Ok. Alright see you take care bye
Patient: Bye bye.
