Nurse: Hello, this is
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal]. Hi, [PHI-Personal]. Um, we just had our video conference with Doctor MCA and I wanted to give you an update. Oh, wonderful. He stopped her Lantus altogether. Wow, that's
Nurse: Wonderful.
Patient: Yeah. And I, what I didn't realize was he wanted me to go down to five. I thought he said, reduce it gradually. But he wanted me to go down to five and run it at five and see how she was doing. And so, and now he stopped it totally. He said, unless it would be 1 50 or higher for a long time, then I'd have, she'd have to go back on it. But other than that she don't have to take it anymore. Oh, that
Nurse: Is wonderful.
Patient: And he's gonna, uh, probably do a video conference again with her in six months.
Nurse: Perfect. Did he want lab work at all?
Patient: Yeah. He has an order in for lab, lab work. He sent that right. He, his office sends it right to the hospital because we go right up to, what was the old, good for all our blood work and they just send it up there. It's in her record and they just pull it up when we go.
Nurse: Ok, perfect. Well, that's
Patient: Before, that's before her next visit. So. Ok, but I wanted to touch base with you right away while I was thinking of it that way. You didn't have to call us and check and yeah, I'm glad that
Nurse: You did. Thank you for doing that. Um I will put a note in her chart, let her, you know, I'll take that Lantus off of her med list that way Doctor [PHI-Personal] can see that. Um And then, yeah, I mean, if you know, if she has any issues, you know, I would, did he say like, does he want you to continue checking her sugar
Patient: Daily to be sure. Yeah. Yeah, because I told him I said the rea [PHI-Personal] was working well, I said rather than sticking her because I said I was getting to the point where her fingers were that tough. It was hard to get blood. And he said, yeah, he said Lantus too. Uh, the uh, yeah, re [PHI-Personal] is wonderful. He said he didn't even remember which one he signed off on for. But I told him it was, well, I guess with all his patients, why? Yeah, it's hard to
Nurse: Keep everyone straight. Yeah. Well, that's great. All right. So, yeah, so, you know, and then just watching for those, um, symptoms of increased blood sugar. So increased thirst, increased urination, um, you know, feeling real hot and dry. Um, maybe some nausea, blurred vision, all those things that can, oh,
Patient: She's here listening. So. Oh, good. I have you on speaker so that she can hear too. So she got you what the symptoms to look for. But I mean, if she has a problem she comes to me right away and, ok,
Nurse: Good. Um, yeah, like I said, just watch him for those symptoms and, you know, a lot, a lot of times people won't experience those until their sugars, you know, way high like above 300 or something like that. But, you know, as long as you're gonna continue to check it. Now, did he say like say there's a day where her sugar goes up to above 1 50. Are you to then administer the Lantus as needed or just not at all?
Patient: Just he said just to keep, keep track of it. And he said, if you have any problems, you know that it goes high and it stays high. Now, he said if she eats maybe like a little candy bar or something that you get a ring for chocolate, you know, or something, he said that's fine. But he said if it should stay at the 100 above 100 and 50 or higher, then contact him, I got you. Ok. And I said even if I have any questions, I can contact his office and they will get the message to him. So and he'll get back. I know doctor [PHI-Personal]. Whenever I had a problem with her, I would, and now that's her kidney doctor from [PHI-Personal]. I would send, I would call the office and where they would put me through to him right away if they could. If not they got a message to him and he got back to me immediately.
Nurse: Oh, wonderful God. All right. Well, that's wonderful. If you need anything, you know, don't hesitate to call. Um, and uh yeah, I just I hope everything goes good and you know, just keep watching the diet because you know, diet control is gonna help. So watching the
Patient: Carbs, that's what I said with, with my husband watching his sugars and me watching mine and her we sort of, you know, we can sort of keep track of each other, you know. And
Nurse: Yeah that makes it nice makes it easier when everybody's on the same
Patient: Page. Yeah and you, you know what what I cook for one everybody's gonna eat, you know. And yeah,
Nurse: Yeah, that's good. All right. Well that's great. Well, thank you so much for reaching out. I'm glad you did um again if you need anything, let me know I'll check back in with you guys in a few weeks just to you know, make sure everything's still
Patient: Ko alright. Alright you guys have a good day. Yeah you have a good day too. Bye bye. Thanks bye bye.
