Nurse: Good afternoon. This is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you?
Patient: Yeah, [PHI-Personal], you left me a message one.
Nurse: Sure. Can I have your last name, please?
Patient: [PHI-Personal]?
Nurse: Excellent. Thank you so much. Just bear with me one moment while I pull up your information here. Ok. Ok. And just letting you know that this call is being recorded for quality purposes, but I was just reaching out regarding a care management program that doctor is providing and that's a phone call from our dedicated nurse where she checks in between your office visits. She'll answer any questions or concerns. Assist with things like medications, lab results, prescription cost reductions, really anything pertaining to your health and your nurse would be an added resource for you. And more importantly, it keeps doctor [PHI-Personal] updated with your current conditions and any changes that may be happening. And it also helps avoid urgent care or emergency room visits. Health care management is treated as a billable service to Medicare, Medicare Advantage plans and secondary insurance carriers and may be subject to deductible coinsurance and copays. So you may receive a statement from the practice for these services, but it looks like with simply Medicare as your primary insurance and then the Medicaid secondary, you have no copay, which is great and your nurse can reach out to you on a monthly basis or every couple of months, whichever works best for you. Do you have a preference of whether she calls in the morning or in the afternoon?
Patient: You can call me in, in the afternoon.
Nurse: Perfect. And if she doesn't reach you, she'll leave a message with her phone number, but I'll also mail out a letter for you that has her phone number so you can reach her if you need to as well. I'll send that to uh [PHI-Geographic] for you. Ok, perfect. I'll send that right out for you and then your nurse will be reaching out with an initial phone call in the next two weeks here. Ok.
Patient: Well,
Nurse: Alright, wonderful. Thank you again for returning my call today. I appreciate it and I hope you have a great rest of your day. Mhm. Ok. Thank you. Thank you. Bye bye.
