Patient: [PHI-Geographic] Health. If this is a medical emergency, please hang up and dial 911. If you are calling for directory assistance, general information or patient information, please press one. If you are calling to schedule an appointment, please press two. That's it. Thank you for calling [PHI-Geographic] Health. Please hold for the next available associate. Your call will be recorded for quality assurance. That was my option
Nurse: One or two. Yes, it does. Thanks for choosing health. My name is Erica. How may I help you? Yes. Can I speak to Jessica please? Or is this doctor? I'm I'm trying to call, this is the operator. Where are you trying to contact? He gave me this is a direct number for doctor Garfield's office. What type of doctor is? Doctor Garfield? Well, yes. What type of doctor is he? Uh? Pulmonary? Pulmonary? Ok, one moment, let me transfer you over, but he's the operator now. Are you a new patient or is this still? No, I'm an existing patient. I've been trying to call, call them all day and they finally called and left this phone number as a direct number to their office and apparently it's not Ok. Yeah. Well, if they don't answer it, just routes back to the operator. So let me try and retransfer you over. 01 moment for choosing Temple. You have reached the lung center at Temple University. If you feel this is a life threatening emergency, please hang up and dial 911. Otherwise to schedule change or cancel an appointment. Press one if you are a physician or need to speak to a member of our clinical team, press two, all other calls, press three to repeat these options. Press nine assurance purposes, your call may be monitored or recorded. We are implementing a new scheduling system to improve our service to our patients. Your call will be answered. Although you may experience a delay in response time, you can choose to wait or schedule a call back. Thank you for your patience. Thank you for calling Temple Health Pulmonary Associates. My name is, how may I help you today? Uh Good afternoon. I'm returning, I've been trying to call doctor Garfield, Jamie Garfield, the pulmonologist at the office all day. I've been trying to call finally called back and number I called and I right, I'm trying to get information on the CT Scan that I had done back in December. But what happened was I saw the doctor probably in February and he hadn't got the results of his CT Scan yet. And now my family doctor is inquiring that he can't. I'm trying to get the pet scan and I can't even get to the doctor Garfield office. Ok. I'm really sorry to hear about that. So, yes, sir. Just to answer your question first, I'm really sorry for the inconvenience that you cannot speak directly for the doctor every time that they're calling numbers from what you have. It is because it will al um it will always be us that will be getting phone calls because we are the ones that can assist patients. The way that we will be helping patients is that we access their account information and from there, that's where we send the message for the doctor to give them a call. So we are the ones that were trained and hired in here by Temple in order to help patients. I heard that I spoke to several people today that told me exactly what you told me. So I left a message. Ok. Ok. To the doctor in the office and they, while I was taking a nap, they returned the call that left me a phone number and said this is a direct phone number to our office and guess what? Ok. Hello. Hello? Yeah, sure. Yeah. Hey, are you there? I think of. Hello. Thank you for calling. Hi. Thank you for calling Temple Health Pulmonary Associates. My name is, how may I help you today? Yes. Hi. Um My husband was just on the phone with you. He, he doesn't hear very well. All he's calling for with doctor Y uh, the test results that we had in December. How do we get that? Ok. So now it's September. He said earlier December. Ok, for that, we will be, ma'am. You said September? But it's ok. So ma'am, um, yes, I will be happy to help your husband with that. I will be needing to access his account information. So the, so what you just need is the test results, right? Yes, thank you. What's the last, um, what's the last name? And the first name? And the last name is Art Chuck A R TJ uch. The first name is Steven Stevenstethen. Ok. How about his date of birth? 19 50. Can you confirm the address and the phone number? 27 89 ood drive East Maun P A 1806. His phone number is 484 05126. Thank you. I'm checking first for the um for the CT scan that they're referring to. Now, the CT scan is not from Temple, right? He had it on it. Oaks. Ok. We don't have any information in here that there was ac A T scan made in Oakes facility. That's see, that's the problem we keep running into. Nobody seems to have the test results for that. And he had it done in Oaks. Is it in Oaks for Temple or another facility at um in Oaks? It's Temple Lung. It's a Temple Lung Center. But it's the one that's in uh Oak. Yeah, I understand that because anything done as long as it is within samples, we will have that information. Ok. But any appointment, ok. So any appointment, any appointment the patient has from sample, it should be on their account. But um, therefore what he never, he never opened an account with God himself. When I saw the doctor probably in February, he couldn't access the information that you verified earlier. What he's saying is that what he you saw the doctor February and even at that time, she couldn't access it, but maybe it was just wasn't posted yet. So, ok, there it was ok. The only thing on his account for him on um in regards with the CT scan is something that was made on December 14 and this is not with temple. This is a radiology, but it, but it was ordered by a temple lung doctor. Yes, ma'am. But the results can be get from the facility where you got it also. But since we have the information on the patient's account in here, that shows I can go ahead and send a request for this for the information to be called by the doctor for you um for the patient. So I will ask for you to stay on the line while I'm ge I'm sending the request. Ok. Yes. And can we can we get a copy of that test result too? So we can send it to our family doctor. Ok, then I highly suggest that you contact radiology. Do you have a phone number for them? Um I can check, I can check in Google for you just one moment. Ok. Sure. Thank you. Ok, tell me when you're ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. Um 610 651650. No 6106506. O2 67 267. And then they should be able to give us all the information that we need. Yes, they have the information, correct. But I can, um, would you like for me to send the information to the doctor's office so that he will be calling? Ok, so stay on the line. I'll do that. Ok, thank you. You're welcome. Ok. Now just, um, just to give you a heads up, it will not be a guarantee that it will be the day that your husband will be called by the set doctor. Ok, but he said he was um, so that I wonder why that that never went back to the doctor though, whatever. Yeah, they do close at five, right? All done. Um May I ask for the number that they gave you? 610? Uh the number that they gave us? He wrote it on. No, the number that they gave you. It's uh they gave him the 215. No, no, no, it's ok. No ma'am. Uh hold on the one that I just gave you is a 215 number view is different, right? The radiology is 6106500267, right? Ok. So I sent the message successfully. May I ask if there's anything else that I can assist you? So I will try to call the radiology tomorrow. So to have the copy doctor, you and you called for them to send it to the doctor now. Uh No, no, I what I did is I sent the message for the doctor to give a call for the patient in regards with the test results. Ok, that's fine too. Alrighty, I appreciate that. Thank you so much. Thanks for your time. Oh, great. Thank you. Uh huh. Thank you very much. Bye bye. Have a great day. Goodbye. Take care. Thank you.
