Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal] with the care management team. How can I help you?
Patient: Hi, this is from your office called me earlier but I had to go to an appointment. Was
Nurse: It you? Yes, thanks for getting back to me so quickly. How are you doing today? I'm doing good, sweetie. Good. Ok. Well, like I said, you know, I just wanted to go over the information about the program doctor, excuse me. Doctor [PHI-Personal] is offering to her patients. Do you have a couple minutes now? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Alright, great. Actually at least the the call is recorded just for quality purposes. Ok. Ok. Um so what it is really it's a new care management program. Uh that's just where our nurse will call and check in with you, see how you're doing in between office visits. Uh She'll go over your full medical health with you answering any questions addressing any issues or concerns that you may be having. Uh she'll also go over any medications that you're taking. So if you had questions or if you needed refills, um she's gonna make sure that they're working the way that they should be that your conditions aren't worsening or if you just had questions and needed help with like appointments, labs, community resources. Those are just some of the things she'll talk to you about during the phone call. Ok. Um, now the nurse, she's in daily communication with doctor [PHI-Personal]. So everything you discuss with her is documented for doctor [PHI-Personal] to review. So that way she's kept up to date on how you're doing. Um I do wanna let you know that the service is considered to be an office visit. So it's billable to [PHI-Personal] and [PHI-Personal] Advantage plans and secondary insurance carriers. Uh It's subject to co insurances and deductibles and co payments. So you may get a statement from the practice for your $20 copay when you have contact with your dedicated nurse. Uh You get to choose how often your nurse calls you, you know. So if you wanted to call you once a month or once every three months, six months, maybe even just once a year, that's up to you. Um I'll mail you a letter to the program and then the letter, it'll have your nurses contact information so you can call her with any questions or concerns also. Ok.
Patient: My sister, my sister was asking me, what was the question?
Nurse: I'm
Patient: Sorry. Is this, my sister was asking me, is this part of medical part, medical partnering?
Nurse: Is this part medical?
Patient: Is she says it's [PHI-Personal] D?
Nurse: No part B as in boy.
Patient: Ok. Yeah. So this is a program that doctor office is offering to everybody or just people my age.
Nurse: No, just to our patients. It's being offered throughout the practice. It, it helps like, uh, doctor, uh, [PHI-Personal] doctor and [PHI-Personal], you know, it just helps them all stay on top of how their patients are doing in between appointments with them. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah, I'm fine with that.
Nurse: Ok. Now, uh, do you prefer for your nurse to call you in the mornings or in the afternoons?
Patient: What time in the afternoon? Can you help me watching my stories now, girlfriend?
Nurse: Well what time would you prefer? Like what's a good time for you then in the afternoon
Patient: You call me any
Nurse: Time? Ok. Ok uh and then if I could just confirm the information we have for you still the same uh we have your mailing address still as [PHI-Geographic] Elton pa A [PHI-Geographic]. we have your insurance sells Aetna and [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. Ok. All right great. Well then you're all set [PHI-Personal] I hope you have a great day so they'll call
Patient: Me to make an appointment for that.
Nurse: Yes. Oh so um what I'm gonna do actually is I'm gonna transfer you over and you uh someone that she'll be able to schedule an appointment for you you have a do you have a minute for me to do it? Yeah. Ok. Alright one second here
Patient: Is who are you watching with this? Don't taste good because it has no sugar in it. I want you to know that it don't bother me. As long as I take black coffee, I'm good. Perfect for you. That's perfect for you because I need to switch. The other one I got is, is not like that. Well, I have the regular but when I have it but, you know, I don't have it at home. I got the regular one at home because all the you taking it, you want that one, it's already open what one, the regular one no matter. Ok, I'm not choosing I am. Yeah, that I was gonna say I'm not choosing 64.
