Nurse: [PHI-Geographic]. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal]. I'm sorry, I didn't wanna, good. I didn't wanna get your call because it was 6 [PHI-Personal] here and we have some people staying here and I didn't want, I didn't have any place to go. I didn't wanna talk in the bedroom with [PHI-Personal] and I didn't wanna go out and have them wake up at six
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. I'm so sorry. No, I, it's
Patient: Ok. You, it is hard to, uh, huh.
Nurse: Did you call last night or this morning?
Patient: Um, the, what the message I left for you was yesterday. It was, it was like around, it was around five o'clock your time. So I guess you were gone.
Nurse: Yeah. Ok.
Patient: But, yeah, I, I, um, I have a, we have a concern. We actually, um, I know [PHI-Personal] probably shouldn't have but she, she's the one that wants, wanted me to call and find out if there's something that we could do, either we re retracting something that he's taking or adding something that will give him, uh, you know, some, some energy and, and enthusiasm. She gave him an Adderall and she doesn't have them I mean, we, you know how that went with the Adderall, she's got to find a, uh, a doctor so, so that she can continue with her Adderall out here, um, because of the rules. But anyway, she, she sacrificed an Adderall to see whether it would help him. And, um, it, he did, he got up and he, um, of course, we had to turn the TV, um, connection. We turned the modem off and said that the TV was out for an hour and then he went and took a shower but he won't get out of bed. He won't, he won't get, he won't do anything for his, um, personal hygiene. Like in a, in, I had, I went through this with my dad and he didn't, he never wanted to get a shower or anything and they would have to actually get two people to haul him into the shower to clean it. But, but they did it, but we can't do that. We can't haul him in with, you know. So, anyway, um, he has to do it himself and he just, I, I don't, and I've asked him what it is that keeps him from, you know, wanting to do it. And he, he can't give me an answer. He goes, I'm gonna do it. Well, he did and he shaved but he, he just doesn't wanna do anything. He doesn't wanna get up, he doesn't wanna go anywhere. He'd sleep all day long. And be up for maybe, maybe three or four hours to watch some shows and then go back to sleep. So, and sleep through some of the shows, like, during the day when, when, like, when we get up, I mean, we're usually up by 11 or 12 and, um, he, he goes on and sleeps all afternoon and then around three or four he'll put the TV on, but even sometimes then he'll be sleeping. So I just think he, he's sleeping too much. He's, he won't get up for any reason. And so I, I don't know what to do with him, but is there something that maybe the doctor could prescribe for him that would help him to have a little more energy? Either that or to detract, retract some of the things that are making him so, so sleepy other than the SEROquel, because that, I swear by, I mean, I could do commercials for that SEROquel because when he doesn't take it, he's awful. But, um, I'm sorry if I, I'm out my porch and the, we're right by the, uh, lax and so the airplanes take off like, every minute or so. So if you can't hear me, just let me know. That's ok.
Nurse: Yeah. Um, so how many milligrams is her Adderall? I don't remember.
Patient: Uh, I don't either. It's, it's low because she takes, she's, um, she's on them twice a day. She doesn't do the, um, one that, uh, you know, around the clock that goes off around. So she didn't like that. So she takes like a half of one in the morning and a half of one in the afternoon. And I don't remember what they are but she, she, um, she gave him a whole one and I didn't see any kind of, uh, like jitteriness or, you know, he, he, he was, he was just more awake than he, he had been. And, um, so I, I just, I don't know, I don't know what to say. Um, I also wanted to ask the doctor about, um, an ad D medication, ad D A DH D medication that is not, um, it's, it's a milder, um, controlled substance which still probably he may be not able to call in for me. But, but, um, I, I can't remember the name of it now. I'll have to text it. Can I text this number to you or will it go with, go to something else? Mm.
Nurse: It probably won't come through because it's a landline. Um, there's like van or? Yeah. Yeah, you can call back to, um, you van,
Patient: Uh, what's to begin with? What's the letter
Nurse: BV? As in Victor?
Patient: Huh? [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: [PHI-Personal], you can
Patient: Hold a, a second. I'll, I'll just put you on, on the, and then I'll, I'll go to my email because [PHI-Personal] sent it to me and she said, I think you should take this mom because I've always been ad D A DH D and, and non focused and, and now I'm worse and, and now that I'm old, it's even worse. But, um, I, my, my, uh, FLUoxetine always kind of helped me with it. That kind of helped, um, with my focus and, you know, helping me to be better. But she says, I think you should take this. So let me just look quick. Sure.
Nurse: Yeah, of course.
Patient: Uh, she's my, she's my Google girl that, that tells me everything that I need to know about everything. And let's see, let's see how far back I have to go. Uh uh OK. Adderall versus it's mota spinal mod A finil and I think there's a generic name for it. Ok? Because that she sent me this Adderall versus OK. And let's see, it's a compact controlled substance but classified at a much lower level. Mhm. Um I don't see off label uses, I don't see the other name for it. I know it has it here somewhere. I just can't. Oh, it says it's not approved for the treatment of a DH D, however, it may be prescribed off label for this use. Mhm. So,
Nurse: So um ok. Well, ok, so from what I know um with controlled substances such as Adderall or Provigil, which is that um medicinal. Yeah, I'm not sure if I'm saying it right. But um so how they work is for someone who has AD D or a DH D it helps them focus. So it's like we go and it's like we do task after task and, but we just can't complete it. Um And so that would cause anxiety, yeah, anxiety, frustration, depression, you know, and fatigue, mental and physical fatigue because you're just constantly, you know, in a loop type of a thing. Um And along with AD D and a DH D girls or, you know, women, we aren't, you know, diagnosed with AD D or a DH D as quickly or as easily as it is for young Children like boys. Um, and men, I don't know, I think it's, I don't know because, uh, you know, women are a little bit different, you know, but right. So, well, my family learned
Patient: To kind of control it and, and compensate for my problem. I mean, back in the days when I was growing up, they, they had no a or a DH D they had no diagnosis or treatment. So I had to deal, you know, and I went through, you know, all of high school and college and master's and everything with, with this and it definitely, it was, it was a hindrance. Um, but, you know, I had to kind of compensate for it. And so, but yeah, when I started to take the FLUoxetine for depression, I noticed that it did kind of help me, but I do know now that I am not as controlled as I would like to be.
Nurse: Ok. So, um, what I will do is I will, you know, I'll talk to doctor and just kind of, you know, let him know what's going on, you know, with the both of you as far as. Yeah. Well, [PHI-Personal].
Patient: [PHI-Personal] is the most important one. That's the most important one because he's headed, he's headed to, um, you know, the cemetery the way he's going with not getting up and not, he won't, he won't, he doesn't sit all day long. He doesn't sit, he just lays on his stomach and then, um, any time he has to do anything, it is real, uh, it takes it out of him. He can, he can barely do it. Well, I know at the airport I have to get him an, uh, a wheelchair because he could never walk, he could never walk throughout that, that airport.
Nurse: Yeah. So, um,
Patient: It, it's really, it's really tough and I just see him going more and more downhill and I don't know what to do.
Nurse: Yeah. Ok. So I'll definitely, I'll let him know and then, um, it may just be, has he been checking his BP at home or, or do you check? Blood
Patient: Pressure seems to be fine. Yeah, BP seems to be fine. Well, when, when we went to the airport, the one, when we started to come in the one time for the, the last doctor's appointment I had with doc. Um, we, we were at the airport and I went to get the bags and because my daughter wasn't coming with us. And so I went to get the, I had like three, check bags that I had to check. And then I had a carry on and I got him a wheelchair and I sat him down, I went to get the bag. By the time I got back, they had the, um, fire department rescue team there doing his BP and giving him, yeah, giving him fluid a bag of V because he was evidently dehydrated. He passed out in the wheelchair. So. Oh, yeah. Yeah. So, uh, they, they, him, and they wouldn't, of course, let him on the plane. So we had to go home and we rescheduled for the next day. But still, um, he, he's, he's just not, you know, he, he's made himself into an, ate by not doing anything and you can't force this man because he's a mule. He's a, oh, he's a bull and, I mean, doc knows it too and, um, and he even tells him to do things and he knows he's not gonna do it but, you know, what can you do? What can you do? So if he can do anything that would be great. But if he can't, he can't, I mean, like I said, I'm just dealing as, uh, as well as I can, but we can't, we just can't get him to do anything. We, we've tried bribing him. And, uh, like I said, the only way we got him in was, uh, through the turning the, the, the modem off so he couldn't watch TV, had nothing to do for an hour.
Nurse: So when he took the Adderall, what, what did he do afterwards? You know, since, you know, he couldn't watch TV. Did he?
Patient: Well, he, he, he, um, he got it when she only left it off as long as it took him to take a shower. Uh, she didn't wanna risk him realizing what we did. So she, when he got in the shower she turned it back on because she said that, that the company said it would be either a half hour to an hour. And so that's when he got in the shower. So, but he was more alert as far as he's still laying on, his stomach, still wasn't getting up, still wasn't doing anything. But at least he was a little more, um, mentally alert, you know. And, um, I don't see that it affected him at all. You know, it didn't make him wanna get out of bed and jump around or do extra. I mean, he did not have any jitters or anything. There was nothing but he did get through the shower. Well, which normally when he goes in and he takes a shower, it's like he gets out and he's like, goes right to the bed and lays down because he's, he's exhausted from having been on his feet for that long.
Nurse: Yeah. Ok. So, and then, um, I would suggest that, um, I mean, you know, um, as far as like the Adderall goes, I'm not sure how, um, like what kind of reactions he could have. You know, I'm just pulling up his medication. Well, she's not
Patient: Giving him any more of her pills anyway because she can't afford to do that. She's got to find a doctor here and she doesn't have health care. So it's going to be expensive. So that's why, that's why, um, you know, uh, doctor was helping her out by, by calling it into [PHI-Geographic]. And then we would get it sent out from [PHI-Geographic]. Um, because she, uh, she really needs it. She's been on it since like seventh or eighth grade. They finally identified her and put her on it and she, she knows it helps her. So, um, and she doesn't, you know, she doesn't misuse it. You know, she, she only, she cuts it in half and just takes a half in the morning and whenever she gets up and then a half later, if she needs it, if she doesn't need it, she doesn't take it. So she kind of really is, is saving them, but she won't be giving him anymore because she can't, she just
Nurse: Can't afford them to her. Ok. So,
Patient: And I'm not, I'm not asking for Adderall. I'm not asking for Adderall. Like, no, him think that I'm asking for Adderall so she can get it here because that's not the point. That's not the point at all. She knows she's getting another doctor here at some point in time. So she'll go and, and, and
Nurse: Get it and, you know, what's interesting is there are so many medications out there for AD and a DH D but Adderall is the cheapest, you know, as far as like getting a generic, not the, not the extended release, but just like a generic tablet, which sounds like that's what she has. Um, so it may end up being the Adderall. Um, but I, you know, I'm not sure and of course, if your insurance covers something else and, you know, that kind of opens doors to other prescriptions. But I'll definitely, you know, let, let him know that this is what's going on with [PHI-Personal] and this is going on with yourself. Um, and then what about his medical marijuana? So, like, is he not that he taking? But like, is it? Yeah,
Patient: He, he does take it and, um, ok, and we've tried, we've tried the, um, the, oh, what's the name of the s one? Um, that is more of an, you know, a sativa. We, yeah, we tried the, yeah, because that's a little more of an active and doesn't put you, doesn't relax, you put you to sleep like the other, like, like the does, but it doesn't really make a difference. Ok. It's it, evidently it, it frees him from, from, uh, joint pain, you know, knee pain back, you know, back pain, every kind of pain he's got, uh, but it doesn't, um, it doesn't do anything as far as energize him.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. So, yeah, that would definitely, that's it. Any, a DH D or AD D medication or, you know, you'd have to adjust his scheduling for medical marijuana use, you know, for that pain management and stuff. Um, I would assume I would, you know, I think so, just because it is a control, I know she gave
Patient: It to him and he still smoked and it was, it didn't show a lot of difference
Nurse: At. Ok. Yeah. You know, and it could just be, you know, it could be a lot of things. It could be, you know, if he's depressed, you know, he may not be saying it, but he may just be kind of stuck in a rut like this has been his, well,
Patient: And that's his mind. His mind is not, yeah, his mind is not, is not 100%. And so sometimes, like, he still has issues with, like, turning the water on and, and which I think maybe why he avoids the shower and I turned the water. He goes, how do you get it hot? I, so I turned it on for him and, um, you know, he just, his mind in some ways is so, uh, you know, child, like, but yet in other ways he's, he's sharp as a tack. It's just depending on the situation and, and the, the subject that you're talking about. But, um, yeah, iii, I think I would probably be more depressed than he is for having this situation with no peripheral right vision. I mean, I would probably, really, because he can't drive so I would probably be more, more depressed. But he does take, uh, the DULoxetine for depression and pain and, um, I haven't upped that since he's still on just [PHI-Personal] mg, um, for the DULoxetine and I give it to him at night. So he doesn't sleep. But that, I mean, so he sleeps at night but it doesn't make him sleepy during the day, but it doesn't seem to make a difference.
Nurse: Yeah. Ok. All right. Well, you know, hopefully we can, you know, hopefully, whether it's a change in medication, starting something, lowering your dose, something, hopefully we can kind of just figure out what's going on if you feel like, do you feel like he needs like counseling or, uh, like a psychologist? I said, I
Patient: Think a, yeah, I think a psychologist or psychiatrist would be good but getting him to go is the other thing, you know?
Nurse: Ok. Ok. So I think that, yeah, I'll just, I'll update him and just let him know what's going on because, um,
Patient: I appreciate it and I'm so happy that you are there. I, I can't say it again. I'm so happy that, that this is set up that, you know, that you're there for us.
Nurse: Yeah, of course. And you know, and these are the things that, you know, Doctor [PHI-Personal] likes to know, needs to know and you know, and I'm, I'm here for, you know, anything. So if you have questions yourself or you know, just let me know. Yeah, that's great. Thank you. Perfect. You're welcome. And then again, I'll follow up with you as soon as I hear from doctor [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Ok, great. Thank you, [PHI-Personal]. You have
Nurse: A good day. You too.
Patient: Ok. Bye bye bye bye bye.
