Nurse: This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Good morning, [PHI-Personal] Happy New Year. It's [PHI-Personal] LA.
Nurse: Hi, how are
Patient: You? I'm good. I'm good. I, we've been playing phone tag for like, days and days and days.
Nurse: I know. How are you?
Patient: Um, listen, I, I have a couple of problems but, uh, I just wanted to make sure you had a happy holiday. Did you have a good time? Um,
Nurse: Yes, I mean, Christmas was great. Um, I'm sick again, which it always happens after Christmas. I feel like the lead up to the fall down. I'm just, uh, I'm been that way since last Tuesday and I'm not getting any better and it's just annoying
Patient: More like a respiratory cold. Yeah. Yeah. Well, uh, I, I, this is what I wanted to tell you has happened with me about what I'm trying to think is maybe it was a little more than three weeks ago. I woke up one morning and my foot, my right foot was swollen. I could hardly step down on it. I don't know if I told you about that. And, um, I took [PHI-Personal], I iced it and it went away but the next morning it was fine, I could walk. It was no trouble. So then about, maybe 10 days ago or two weeks ago, I have this big swollen gland on the, on my right side sticking out like a balloon and I thought it had something to do with one of my teeth. You know, I said maybe one of those capped teeth in the back have an infection. So I went to the dentist and they x-rayed my uh mouth and said, no, there's no infection. That is a salivary gland is what they thought it was, that was clogged or something. I don't know, but in two or three days that went away. So now on Sunday, this past Sunday, I wake up, my hand is like a balloon. All of this is on my right side. You know, my hand, my right hand, I can't bend it and it's like a big fat balloon. So I'm sure all of this is probably connected and I think it's like a flare up of the rheumatoid arthritis. That's what I'm thinking. It is. So I called the rheumatologist and I put in, um, a call to her, but nobody's gotten back to me yet. So, I don't know. I'm just, I'm icing the hand and I'm taking [PHI-Personal] and it's much, much better. I can bend it now and I can do, you know. But yesterday I couldn't even bend my fingers, you know. So that's what I think. That's what my problem is right now. So you're, you're interested in listening to problems now. You got it.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you know, that's what a series of craziness. Um, it does sound like, I, I mean, the, the um, swollen glands, uh, or, you know, possible salivary gland, um, may or may not be connected. I, I do think, you know, when your body fights any kind of, you know, infection
Patient: Or it could have been some other gland and the dentist thought it was the salivary because he looked at the x-ray said there's no infection, you know. So, who
Nurse: Knows? Well, and I knew that you had been into, so you had gone into the emergency part first, right? Like the emergency dentist and they
Patient: Referred you to go see then to, to an oral surgeon and he said he took all kinds of xrays and said, no, there's nothing.
Nurse: And I had talked to you in between that and said, I thought maybe it was the salivary gland. Right. Exactly. Yeah, because I, I had seen it in, um, some of my vent patients before, um, which, you know, and it very well could have been and, and it does go, kinda, it can kind of go away on its own. But, um, yeah, I, I, I do wonder if the foot and the hand for sure and, and, and possibly, you know, the gland being swollen, but definitely the foot and the hand does sound a little bit like an, an R A, it could be an R A flare for
Patient: Sure that I'm sure, I'm sure it
Nurse: Is. Yeah. And, and especially with the [PHI-Personal] and the icing and the things that you would do for an R, a flare working to, to help, you know? Yeah.
Patient: And I called the rheumatologist. I just wanted to let you know, let her know that this has happened and if there's anything else I should be doing. But because it was a holiday, of course, this is what always happens over the holidays. She, nobody's gotten back to me but they will today, I'm sure.
Nurse: Ok. Well, if they do not let me know and I will, I will call them and get on them.
Patient: Ok, I
Nurse: Will let them know, hey, you know, you know, a patient called over the break and, um, she, you know, she thinks she's having an R A flare, just kind of wants to know. I can also send a little bit of information. But have you had an R A flare that you've seen the rheumatologist for before in the past?
Patient: No, no, they discovered I had um, uh R A when I just had a blood test, you know, and I always was achy, you know, for a long time since my midlife, I've had, you know, achy joints and, and stuff like that. And then they said, well, you have, um, you know, rheumatoid arthritis. I said, oh, ok. And then they put me on methotrexate and then hydroxychloroquine with it. And then eventually they added the sulfaSALAzine and, oh, my God, when I started taking that I was puking and having diarrhea and it was horrid. So I got off that, but I've been taking the other two for years now and I haven't had a flare at all. This is the first, my first stop, you know, my first time it's ever happened to me. So, hm.
Nurse: Yeah, that, I mean, I, it does, it does, you, you know, it does sound like it could be an R A flare. Um, never had one though. And it's been years. Um, so
Patient: That, that's it. You know, I figured since it's not, I, I've never seen anything like this before but, you know, I have a very good friend who has had R A for, mm, I don't know, 20 years and she said [PHI-Personal], that's exactly what it is, [PHI-Personal]. It's exactly what it is. So, so I think that's all you can do for it is ice it. So, to keep the pain down and take some [PHI-Personal], I don't know what else to do. I just thought I should let the r, I'll just let the rheumatologist know what's happening. You know, because I don't have to see her for another two or three months.
Nurse: Yeah. Let me take a look here. Flare pain action. See, um, ok, apply heat and cold which, you know, they talked to you about hot and cold compresses. Can it, the pain of an arthritis, flare heat soothes by increasing blood flow to the pain area and relaxing the muscle and cold eases inflammation by constricting the blood vessels.
Patient: Ok. So I haven't applied any heat. I've just been using ice. So, but I do have something I put in the microwave. It's, I guess it's rice in there and then you just put it on. Yeah, I, I could do that. You think the heat first? Yeah. Ok.
Nurse: Yeah. The heat soothes the joint pain. Um, where, you know, um, and the cold will ease the inflammation. So if you wanted to, but it says both treatments should be done for no more than 15 minutes at a time, 2 to 4 times a day. So, just if you alternate the heat and the ice
Patient: That sometimes I do that. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. Especially now that the, the swelling is kind of starting to go down is
Patient: What you said. Yeah. Much, much better today. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. Um, so that's good. And then, you know, um, obviously you're doing the, the, um, [PHI-Personal], which is great. Right. Right. And then obviously there's also things like, um, you know, topical medication, if that kind of a thing helps.
Patient: Like, uh, I have that, um, Vytorin. Is that what it is? I have a of that and I, yeah, I, I put it on my knee when I can't sleep and that's not all that often, but I did rub some on that hoping it would help. I didn't think it did. But, uh, you know, I, I could do that. Don't worry about it. But,
Nurse: Um, yeah, that would be, those would be the things and I, and like I said, if I, you know, I, I might, I might, if you don't hear back from room, give them a call and if they don't hear, if they don't get back to you, let me know and I will, uh, I'll give them a call. I mean, you know, they may wanna see you since it is your first flare and they may not want to. Um, but you know, especially so you're managing it. Ok? But they, they still may, they still may wanna see you um, to follow up.
Patient: I, I figured she's my rheumatologist. She should know this is happening. Right. Yeah, absolutely.
Nurse: You did exactly what you were supposed to. Good job
Patient: I get, I get a [PHI-Personal]. You
Nurse: Get a [PHI-Personal] today. Thank you. You're welcome. Um, with it being the beginning of the year, I will be sending out an updated care plan with your 2023 Wellness goals. Um, but I just wanna make sure your address hasn't changed. It's still [PHI-Geographic]. That's
Patient: Right. Unit [PHI-Account].
Nurse: Perfect. And then, um, has your insurance changed at all or is it the same?
Patient: No, No, it's the same.
Nurse: Perfect. All right. And then I will go ahead and get that. Um, any other questions concerns? How are, you know, how are your other numbers doing your diabetes? My
Patient: Numbers have been fine. My, um, my, my, um, blood sugar has been good. Very good. I'm even impressing myself that it's so good. Ok,
Nurse: Good. And, um, what, what do you think on average it's running?
Patient: Uh, well, when I woke up this morning it was 1 11. 0, perfect. But then I took the dog for a walk and a walk and a walk because I have to get him to poop. We're going to the vet for his annual and they want me to bring a sample and of course, this is the one morning he doesn't, he won't go. Yeah. So, before I leave, I'll take him on another walk. But, um, yeah. No, it, it was 1 11 when I woke up and then just before breakfast it was like 1 20 I, I don't know why it goes up. I haven't had anything to eat, but I think the exercise of walking around, does that get the blood? I notice that. Yeah. Yeah. And then, um, you know, well, I didn't take it now but after breakfast, uh, it usually goes back, back down to normal. It'll, it'll raise because I eat, I eat a lot of, uh, no, I have prunes to keep myself going and, yeah, and I, uh, and I had a bowl of cereal and, um, that's it. That's what I had this morning. A cup of black coffee. Yeah. So, uh, I'm doing ok with that, I think. Good,
Nurse: Good. It sounds like you are. Um, and then, uh, do you check your blood pressures? I can't remember.
Patient: Yeah, I do, I check it. It's, it's been good. I, I take, I do take, um, is it, no, it's not Lisinopril. It's Losartan. Is that just Losartan for blood? Yeah, that's all I take that every day and it keeps it in control. If I forget it, it'll go up and, you know, I can see it go up and I do have the little machine so I check it every day.
Nurse: Nice. Um, and it, it's running pretty good under 1 40
Patient: Or once. Oh, yeah, once I'm taking the pill, if I forget the pill, it'll pop up to maybe 1 60/90. But if I'm taking the pill every day it's like 1 20/70. Perfect. Which is perfect. Right. Yeah, that's good.
Nurse: Good, good, good. Sounds like you're doing all the things, all the things. So yeah, so I would um, just make sure, you know, try, try and get a hold of them again today if they don't call you back, uh, I'll get on them. We'll get you
Patient: Very straight away. Very good. Thank you. And listen, I hope you stop feeling better too. Thanks
Nurse: Me. Too. I am sure it's just uh you know the craziness of my son's birthday on the [PHI-Personal] of [PHI-Personal] followed by the holidays and the Christmas shopping and the cooking and cleaning and
Patient: That'll that'll make you a little cuckoo. Right?
Nurse: Oh yeah yeah yeah, thank you. Thank you. Alright, happy New Year to you too and um like I said I'll check back in with you here you know if you don't but if you don't hear back from room, give me a call and I will, I will call them. Ok? Ok,
Patient: Thank you. Thanks. Have a good day. Bye bye. You too. Bye bye bye bye.
