Nurse: Good morning. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Yes. Good. This is, hi, how are you? I'm good. Other than getting bad news. Uh.
Nurse: Oh,
Patient: Yeah, it seems my older brother has come up with cancer. Stomach. No, and it's colon and then my youngest brother, I can, there's a bladder and my baby sister, she has a spot of cancer on her ovaries.
Nurse: Oh, my
Patient: Goodness. Yeah, they want me to get that, but I didn't know how to go about.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. Um, let me and let me pull up your chart here just to see, um, I swear nothing wants to move fast today.
Patient: Yeah. But I doubt,
Nurse: Yeah, absolutely. How that is very, you know, very scary for sure. Um, and a lot to, a lot to deal with too. My goodness. Um, let's see. Well, and I believe it looks like you've got an upcoming appointment with [PHI-Personal] next Tuesday. Correct. Does that sound familiar? Ok. Um, you know, what I can do is I can send her a message today to let her know that, um, at your upcoming appointment. You were wondering, um, how you would go about getting, you know, everything if it's possible that they can go through and check all of your, all of your systems to make sure that, you know, there isn't any, any signs of cancer or anything like that. Um, you know, and just make sure that she can put that, you know, on her, I don't wanna say to do list but on the, the things that need to be discussed during the appointment, um, and that she can get that process started, whatever, um, she feels is the best way to go about it. Does that sound ok. Yeah. Ok. Ok. And, um, as far as I know when I had talked to you the last time you had kind of a cold going on is everything kind of clearing back up for you? Yeah. Ok. Still feeling pretty good
Patient: When I went to the bathroom this morning, my bowels were dark, dark.
Nurse: Were they? Ok. Mhm. Ok. And has that just happened? Just the one time you've not noticed it any other time?
Patient: No, this has been the first I've seen it. Yeah. But everything else.
Nurse: Ok. Was your, were your bowels? Were, were they, was it a form, form stool or was it diarrhea?
Patient: No, formed,
Nurse: Formed? Ok. Ok. And how long before that had it been before you had a, you know, before today? How, um, how long had it been since you had a bowel movement?
Patient: Uh, a couple of days, my bowels don't move every day. I noticed that I've done that since that kid for
Nurse: A long time. Yeah. Kind of, that's just kind of your, your routine. I know everybody kinda has their own, you know, um, their own routine with their bowels. They, they seem, some people do, you know, every, are able to go every day. Some people can go a couple times a day. Some people go, you know, 1 to 2 days without a bowel movement, you know. So that's, you know, we like to see that people are going at least probably every, every other day to every two days for sure. We don't really want to have it go any longer than that. Um, but as far as with the darker stools go, um, I would definitely keep an eye on that and, um, if you notice that it is more of a frequent thing that it continues to happen every time you go. Um, you know, definitely keep note of that. I will also make note of it here on our end and let [PHI-Personal] know that you had had, um, you know, you had noticed this morning that your stools were darker in color. Um, and she'll most likely tell me to have you keep, keep monitoring it and kind of keep an eye on it to see, um, if it happens again or continues to happen every time that you go. Um, you know, we always worry, we always, you know, wanna make sure that, you know, it's not, you know, sometimes you'll have just those 11 time deals where you have darker stools. Um, you're not on any sort of like an iron supplement, are you?
Patient: No, no, no.
Nurse: Calcium. Ok. Yeah. And just, you know, we'll just keep an eye on it if you notice any more dark stools. Definitely keep track of that if they become more frequent and out of your normal. Um, as far as bowel movements go and that when you go, it seems like they're always dark. Let me know, especially from now until, you know, next Tuesday before you go for your appointment. Ok. And I think, I think it sounds fairly appropriate. We'll just, um, I'll make, have, um, [PHI-Personal] be aware of what, you know, um, what you want to get checked for, for any sort of cancer and see if she has, you know, has an, I can come up with an idea of how, what the best way is to do to make sure we've got everything covered, all of our bases covered to, you know, check, check the whole body from top to bottom, you know. Um, and she'll kinda go over more of that with you at your appointment otherwise, um, like I said, give me a call if your, your stools stay dark, you know, every time that you go or your stools become more frequent, um, you know, any stomach pain or cramping. Let me know. Um, and we can just kinda, you know, kind of go from there. Uh, I
Patient: Cramping this morning but it went away after my bowels.
Nurse: Ok. That's good. Yeah. And I wonder if it had been, since it had been a couple of days since you went, if it was kind of just, you know, getting it, making sure, you know, you get it all out, um, without any, you know, making sure that that's, that's a normal thing to have a little bit of a little bit of cramping abdominal cramping before you go to the bathroom or while you're going to the bathroom just to you know um just for that bowel movement to pass. Um but yeah, so I will give [PHI-Personal] this information and then we will just kind of go from there um and and I think I'll plan on probably following up with you probably let's see next Thursday just to be sure that um you know see how your appointment went and make sure things are um that everything got addressed. Ok. Ok. Alrighty any other questions for me today?
Patient: No, just one person right now.
Nurse: What's that?
Patient: I said?
Nurse: Oh no I I completely understand. Yeah, I mean that's uh that's a lot, that's a lot of um a lot of information and a lot of of news that that we don't, you know that that's not really that you want wanna hear.
Patient: No
Nurse: Um and let me ask you were all of these um your sibling wise were these all new diagnosis, like, within like the last couple of months or
Patient: I just found out about it. I know my younger brother, my older brother were, but I think my sister said hers was way back that they got it and she's been in remission. I like to come back.
Nurse: Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's, and that's scary for sure. Absolutely. Well, and it's, it is, you know, definitely. I, I, you know, especially with the, you know, all of your, pretty much all your siblings, you know, having that kind of outcome there as far as, you know, having different, different cancers. I definitely think that's a good idea for, for, you know, you to, to be checked as well. So, um, just to be sure that there's, you know, nothing that we're missing or anything. Um, and, you know, just as far as, you know, try not to, I always tell people when you're, you, when you're working on trying to get any testing set up or find out how doctor wants to go about things. I know that's easier said than done, but try not to think about the, um, you know, any negative outcomes, bad outcomes, try not to, um, the best thing you can do usually is to try to keep your, keep yourself busy, keep your mind on your, your daily tasks and, and complete those daily tasks and just try to, um, not sit and, and think about, you know, the the, you know, the worst case scenario you want um to approach it as, as, you know, you and right now we don't know anything, you know, there's nothing we haven't done any testing or anything. Um So definitely just, you know, and, and sometimes it helps people to keep a, you know, keep a journal of how you're feeling just to um a be able to get it out of, get it out of you. And sometimes when you're, you know, when you're journaling and expressing your feelings in a journal, um, you know, that's, that's you expressing your feelings. And then a lot of times people find that they feel less afraid or less, you know, an anxious about things if they, you know, write down their feelings, write down how they feel and try to find other activities to keep them, you know, keep them busy and, um, you know, don't, don'tt change your, your routine of what you're doing to, you know, don't sit and worry, try to keep the most normal routine that you are able to, that you would do in a day's time. Um, even maybe adding a thing here to whether that's, you know, if you've got something that you wanted to do, like, um, you know, deep clean something or, you know, read a book or watch a specific movie, um, just things like that to kind of keep you, keep you busy and don't be afraid to, to reach out to friends and family and talk to them and, you know, just kind of keep your, your lines of communication open with everybody.
Patient: Um, my two boys. Yes.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. Yeah. Yeah. And, you know, that's, that's always, uh, um, a hard conversation too, you know, and, and it definitely doesn't, um, hurt to talk to, you know, talk to them about when you do after you do tell them that, let them know that you're, you know, working on trying to figure out, um, the best way that you can, um, you know, have everything checked to make sure things are, are good with, with you specifically. Um, you know, and, and share your feelings with them as well. You know, a lot of times people rely big time on their, their friends and their family and their close family. Um, and there's nothing wrong with that. That's, that's an ok thing to, to rely on friends and family when it comes to, especially when it comes to news like, like this, this is, you know, not, not good news for sure. But no, no, it's really not. And just, you know, make sure that you stay eating and drinking and sleeping and, you know, try to, um, you know, try to eat as, you know, eat like you normally would, don't, don't change any habits as far as that goes, the same with sleep, you know. Um, and, and see how you do as far as, as dealing with, with the news, you know, it's, it's uh everybody, it, you know, it's, it's something that if you need need help with any of it. Definitely. Um let me know or let [PHI-Personal] know when you go to see her on, on Tuesday next week, you know, if you have start having trouble sleeping or anything like that, um, she can always, you know, recommend a few different things whether you try some, you know, Melatonin over the counter or you know things of that nature. Um There are options out there. Alrighty. Ok. Ok. All right. Well, and I uh will get this message over to [PHI-Personal] so that way we can make sure that um we get that addressed at the appointment. If she has anything that she wants you to do prior to the appointment, I will give you a call back. Ok. Ok. Alrighty. Well, you have try to have yourself a good rest of the day and if you need something, give me a call. Ok. Ok. Alright, thanks.
Patient: You're welcome and thank you.
Nurse: No problem. Thank you. Bye bye bye.
