Nurse: The uh, hi, this is [PHI-Personal]. Oh, hello, MS [PHI-Personal]. This is Davis. [PHI-Personal] Davis.
Patient: Hi, thanks for calling me back. How are you?
Nurse: I'm fine, thank you. I was surprised you answered. I thought it's just gonna ring forever. And I called yesterday and it went straight to voice mail.
Patient: They went straight to voicemail yesterday. Interesting. Ok. Yeah. And that
Nurse: Happened before. I, I've had that happen before, um, about two weeks ago and I left and I wanna say her name was [PHI-Personal] and I left him and I never got a phone call back. I left a message and I never got a phone call back. I was really frustrated. I said I'm better off just calling doctor office straight away. You know, I, I don't know if it's the phone call system. I don't know.
Patient: I'm sorry to hear that. I will look into it to see if our phones are, are acting funny. Um, because yesterday I would have seen it as well. I didn't see any missed calls from you. So I wonder if something's up. I will look into it.
Nurse: Ok. Certainly. Yeah. Checking on me and my BP.
Patient: Yes. So I wanted to call and introduce myself. I'm [PHI-Personal] with the chronic care management program with doctor s office. I did wanna talk about your BP. Um, do you mind if I outline a little bit of about, oh, you, you've been here, you know about the program? Ok. Yeah, I would love to hear how your BP has been doing.
Nurse: Ok. Well, I have like an I health doc that, you know, so I, I do monitor, um, you know what I'm talking about? My iphone connect and it's an app and it's got a BP cuff, it's got the BP cuff that you just, you know, that you put on and everything and so I monitor it and yeah, I will say not every day because most days I'm feeling pretty good now. There's times where I'm thinking, oh my gosh, it's super high and it is super high because I'm feeling like palpitations or um really high pulse, you know, because I do have tachycardia, but I'm talking, you know, 1 51 [PHI-Personal] pulse sitting. So I take and I haven't had that though. I haven't had that in probably two months and I, when I did have it, it only lasted one Sunday, which, who knows why it could be like some post, you know what I mean? Post anxiety, I'm finally releasing and, you know, and my BP goes up. Well, this is what's happened over the last um I would say 10 days, two weeks, it happened five times. I've gotten dizzy many times, but actually just face planted. I was at the A PM machine and I said, oh my gosh, everything is going black and I say no. And the minute in the store came and picked me up off the ground and put me in a chair. I was by myself. And when was that that um OK, let's see. I'm gonna say that was the first or the second of it. It was the second. Uh, no, it was the first because it was my husband's birthday and I was going to the ATM to get money to, to go pick up his gift and there's some other things and yeah, I didn't make it, go figure, had to call him from the parking lot at [PHI-Geographic]. I don't know how I drove to s but I did and my husband, I, um, I called my husband from the parking lot at [PHI-Geographic] to come get me and they're in the parking lot at [PHI-Geographic]. Just them getting me out of the driver's seat, um, into the passenger seat. I think it there again. I mean, just that and I got, well, we got home, they got me some fluids, you know, because it's been super hot, got me, you know, some Pedia light and I took my BP. My BP was, this is astronomical for me. [PHI-Account]/42. I'm never there ever. And I um said, well, get me some salt. So my husband got me some chips and some cheese and I sat here and I drank, of course, some more Pedialyte and I started feeling better and I got up to, you know, over 90/[PHI-Personal]. And then by the end of the day I was good. I was like 11 [PHI-Personal]/[PHI-Personal]. That's a great thing about the iphone, um, doc thing. It charts all of it, it charts day and time and, yeah. Yeah, that's so I don't have memory.
Patient: Yeah. Can you tell me that? Lowest one again? It was [PHI-Personal] over, it was [PHI-Personal]
Nurse: [PHI-Account] over
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. Ok. And then I have the other two. Ok. And did you see a provider or a doctor on that day? No, no, no, no. I, I
Nurse: Just thought, you know, they've adjusted this diuretic with the potassium potassium can affect the heart. Thought about that. I thought, you know, I have lost some weight, not a lot of weight. Not like all of a sudden I've been on a slow program trying to get my weight back down again. And, and I thought, well, you know, maybe, you know, the, I'm just missing mineral, you know, I need to hydrate more and, and it, and it stayed normal and then all of a sudden out of nowhere it happened again and I thought it was, yeah. And this was, um, just a few days ago when I called in and I said, you know, I, I, and it's always, once I stand up, take two or three steps and then it's just a wave of, oh, and then I'm on the floor and it hurts. Yeah. I'm
Patient: Sure. Um, if you had to guess the day you said a few days ago, if you could try to guess the day
Nurse: I'm gonna ask my husband [PHI-Personal] and no recorders. My husband says Sunday. And so we speak Spanish in the house. He says, oh, Sunday. So the [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. And, and it's been running, ok, because I've gotten up and I take two or three steps across the living room and I feel it coming on. So I just sit down and then I filled it for a moment and then it stopped and I've taken my BP and so what I've done yesterday, I started yesterday and today as well, I did not take my Losartan and see my Losartan had been increased from 50 to 100 a while back. However, II I didn't cut them in half. I just didn't take it. And yesterday and I was very active yesterday. Um, I mean, yesterday I got in like 9000 steps. I never get, but I was, I was part of a program doing something and, um, my BP is 1 [PHI-Personal] over, I think [PHI-Personal] which is wonderful. Awesome. Yeah. Yeah. That's like a great number to be at when I took it. Mhm. Yeah.
Patient: And, and were you, were you maintaining hydration, like, very specifically yesterday? Oh,
Nurse: Yes. And I, I always do anyway. But we, I, I, especially when the humidity is up like this. I always, um, I do what I call a shot of Pedia Light. II, I do, I do six ounces of Pedialyte and then, and then maybe later, uh, a small Gatorade, you know, I know they got a lot of sugar but shoot, you need it. You just, my, my hair is just drenched. You sweat. Like I've showered and so yeah, and on top of it, water, I'm very conscientious with my water, especially because I'm on the, the diuretic, but I'm not sure, I don't know how the potassium would play into it. So, and I don't wanna complicate things. So,
Patient: Yeah. So on the [PHI-Personal] at Sunday, did you do anything differently? No. Like
Nurse: Were you,
Patient: You were drinking just your same amount of water? You were just as mindful. Everything was the same.
Nurse: Yes. And in fact, I decided that morning, my husband and I, that we weren't gonna actually go to physical church. I told him, oh, come on, we can just do it online because our, our church does an online broadcast, you know, at service time. And I said, oh, we can do, we can just watch [PHI-Personal] on, you know, cross on cross point online and take the day off and not have to, you know, rush and get ready and, you know, the heat and everything. And so, yeah. Yeah. And, and, and, and I've been mindful of the heat, get in, get done. We're done with all our errands for the day, you know, I mean, we're not getting back up. So, and I, and I am very mindful and to the point you don't know me, doctor, know, I'm retired forensic accountant. And so I'm very, I was so mindful as you would say, as re recording, I have a little book and, and I have bottles of water printed out and I have to check off six bottles of water and I'm not talking, those are just six glasses and my glasses are [PHI-Personal] ounces. So I, I, every day Monday through Friday, I check at night, each time, check that box off and if I see I haven't drank one within two hours, I go drink one. That's great. Yeah. Yeah. And well, yeah, I don't want ut I, is that so?
Patient: Yes. Yes, they do. Can I ask you? You did not take Losartan today? Do you have a BP reading from today?
Nurse: Um No, I haven't taken it, but if you don't mind, I can do it in a heartbeat.
Patient: Sure. I would love that.
Nurse: Yeah, I'm gonna instead use my iphone. I'm gonna use my ipad. Isn't this a cool technology? It is cool. And let me tell you, about this. This is, you're gonna go, well, ok, so I have seen the ad on TV, that there's a government program where you can get the ihealth, um, BP cuff for free and you go to whatever site and I'm sure it's run by some, you know, group that bills Medicaid a million point dollars for it or whatever. Right. But I get it for free and I was just online filling out the form my husband walks in and he had gone down the block to a yard sale which I hate and I have sa and he came walking in the house with a brand new health. Never, never opened for $5. That's not bad. That's amazing because they run, they, they want 100 and 79 plus tax, but it's like a miracle. God knew I needed it and I didn't have to fill out government forms. You know what I mean? Yeah. Well,
Patient: While you're do me a favor, while you're taking this BP just so we can make it as accurate as possible. Um, have you gone to the bathroom recently? You're comfortable and then just while it's squeezing and releasing, just don't talk. Ok. Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. I, I haven't started it yet and, and before I do, I will also take just two deep slow breaths because that helps with the tachycardia. Let's see. Where do we go? Mhm. I help. So, yeah, I open the app. I'm going to take two breaths and then start it and I will not talk. Ok.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: Yeah. Ok, I have a great number. I have 1 29/80 my, uh, pulse is 1 11,
Patient: 1 11. Ok. And how does your heart rate normally run day to day?
Nurse: Oh, it's always high. I've been, uh, I've had ta tachycardia, uh, since my [PHI-Personal], uh, I can be sitting down not moving and hit, you know, 1 [PHI-Personal] and just break out in a sweat and I know it. Uh the tachycardia.
Patient: Ok. So is 1 11 like average or on the lower side for you?
Nurse: No, it's average. It's average. I'm, I'm right around between 100 to 100 and 10. And that may just at one point because I'm a little accelerated talking to you.
Patient: Ok? All right. And I'm sure I, I believe on our last call. I think you spoke with [PHI-Personal] that she talked to you about orthostatic hypotension. Do you remember that?
Nurse: Ok. Talk to me
Patient: About it. It's when you stand up and you have that. Um, or it can be, I should say when you stand up, you have that dizzy feeling and you, it can cause you to pass out. Yeah. So, uh but it, you're, you're so on top of your hydration, I'm surprised that this would happen for you. It must be related to the diuretic or maybe something else. But essentially it's when you stand up and your BP drops and it causes that syncopal episode of that passing out.
Nurse: Yeah. And it does, it feels just like the bloody blood hit, the, the blood has drained out of my body and, and sometimes I get three steps. Sometimes I get of having a piece of furniture within three steps of where in my recliner. So in case I feel like I'm going down, I, I don't feel I can go backwards. I can just grab that chair and sit down and sit down. And all I could think is maybe the potassium because that does affect the heart uh or the diuretic is that is really the only change, you know, in anything. So, yeah, and the red looks wonderful. Oh my gosh. My feet have not been swollen, you know, with all this heat, my hands, my face. It's been wonderful.
Patient: And do you feel like you are urinating more often?
Nurse: Oh, yeah, we track of that too and, and it's not more often, but I'm waiting a lot more, you know, if I had a hat to pee and every time of 900 I would be filling it every time I
Patient: See. Ok. You get me the volume. Yeah. Yeah, you're going higher.
Nurse: Yeah. Exactly.
Patient: Mhm. And do you monitor your sodium intake?
Nurse: Oh, absolutely. That's when my BP is really low. That one day on my husband birthday and get me, get me salt. You know, that's all I could think because I do monitor my salt. And, um, yeah, we had to look for things because besides pure salt, you know, and that's not the right kind of salt anyway. But the chips, my husband got some potato chips from the corner store and I ate that bag and my numbers went up, you know, about a half hour after I, I was, I wasn't good but I was higher.
Patient: Ok. So what I'm gonna do is I'm, I'm gonna write all this out and make, um, Doctor [PHI-Personal] aware. I think you've, you've heard this before? Oh, I'm so sorry. I have, I was looking at my other screen. Doctor [PHI-Personal], your primary care provider. Um, so I'm gonna let them all know about what's going on to see if they have any other recommendations. And I know you've heard this before but if, you know, if you do pass out you take your BP, it's a very low reading. I have to encourage you, um, to call Ems services. Um, just to, so you're not in any further danger, especially with that reading of [PHI-Account]. Over [PHI-Personal]. That's, you know, I, yeah. Yeah, it's very scary.
Nurse: Yeah, that's very, and they were very close to together. Oh, and my pulse was 1 35 and it's like, oh, you know, that contradiction where my heart rate is really low but my pulse is really high and I'm like, oh, and, but it was my husband's birthday, you know, he turned [PHI-Personal] I didn't wanna, you know, I didn't wanna ruin it. I was just so, you, you know, there's other factors and like, besides I'm really stubborn. Ok. Just so, you know,
Patient: Well, I just wanna encourage you to, to stay safe and if you are in that position of danger which that those vital signs are dangerous to, you know, consider you may need to call Ems services and get help a little bit faster.
Nurse: Ok. Well, thank you. I thank you for um that encouragement because I, I don't wanna feel like I'm bothering them, you know, especially
Patient: If we no, no to it. Like,
Nurse: Oh God, nobody wants to go to the, er, in [PHI-Personal] weekend.
Patient: No, that's what they're there for. Trust me. I would rather you, you know, be safe and get checked out than be sorry and have something happen.
Nurse: Ok. And while I have you on the phone, what I left a message for [PHI-Personal] was uh a few weeks back is that I need a refill for my promethazine five. and the reason the pharmacy cannot order it is because I had switched pharmacy and there was no refill when I switched pharmacy. So off the profile, if that makes sense and it's promethazine at 12.5 for the vomiting for the gastroparesis and my pharmacy is going on [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Dylan's on fourth. Ok. I will look into that I'm pulling it up right here. Just give me one second. Is that a problem? Yeah, I have, I'm just confirming your pharmacy too. I have you Dion Pharmacy on [PHI-Geographic]. Yeah. Oh,
Nurse: Good. Ok. And it's, and it's just because what happens with that it's just always a weekend and I'm in the mass vomiting for the three days of something I ate [PHI-Personal] days ago because, you know, my stomach not wanting to digest it and then for whatever reason it seems like to act up on weekends. Oh,
Patient: [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: And I don't have any refills.
Patient: Ok. I will reach out to them about that as well. Ok.
Nurse: Ok. Thank you. Well, I appreciate your time. Um, you'll just have to get to know me. I do speak at about 100 and 2030 words a minute. Well, I was the federal interpreter. I was a federal interpreter. So, and, and an accountant so that, you know. No, no.
Patient: Hey, that doesn't bother me at all. No worries. Ok.
Nurse: You just, if you don't understand, we need to slow your roll and I will. Sure.
Patient: All right, [PHI-Personal], I'm gonna call you back once I get a response. Ok.
Nurse: Thank you so much. And if I don't answer please, you feel free, you can leave a detailed message. So we, I will a phone tag. Ok, thank you.
Patient: Thank you.
Nurse: Bye bye.
