Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal] here.
Nurse: Hey, how are you?
Patient: All righty. So, problem with my throat going on. I don't know. I got, I'm going back to see what's going on with it. He gave me steroids for it and stuff, but it doesn't seem to be doing too great.
Nurse: Oh, dear. Yeah, I saw you had your visit with him. So, did he just start the Symbicort for you also?
Patient: Which one is that the inhaler steroid spray? Yeah.
Nurse: Is that what you're talking about? Oh, ok. Huh. Let me get your chart open here. It's good old time. So, what else is new? So, has that just started since you started that Symbicort?
Patient: It's, it's been going on this cough. I can't get rid of it.
Nurse: Well, right. I remember the cough, the, the throat thing. Yeah,
Patient: He agreed with, uh, that is something with the wind pipe being sensitive or whatever, but never put me on steroids. He just put me on a regular inhaler. So he put me on steroids to see how it was gonna work and everything like that. But he really didn't say what's causing it. I mean, is, is a sensitivity thing. Just that's it. And you know. Right. So I'm waiting to go back to him. I go back to him. Uh
Nurse: Yeah. The [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. So let me see what he wrote here. So, Symbicort twice a day. Are you rinsing afterwards?
Patient: Uh No, I just spray it and that's it. I don't, I don't remember them saying rinse.
Nurse: Yeah. So after you do so when, so it says two puffs twice a day after you do it, make sure you're rinsing your mouth. See, see if that makes any difference. Um, sometimes they say that with these inhalers. Um, and I think it's mostly, ah, you can end up with like a, a thrush type of thing or, um, uh, like a yeast infection type of thing, you know, like thrush, thrush. I
Patient: Wonder that's what's making me come up with so much phlegm.
Nurse: I don't know when you look at your tongue. Is it white or coated or anything? Uh, no, no. Ok. That's good. So, have you, and then you have your albuterol inhaler also, right? Have you needed that one? I,
Patient: I wasn't using it because I was using this one. I didn't know I use both
Nurse: Of them. Right. No, he just, it looks like it's just as needed. So, I guess, you know, if, in, in addition to having the Symbicort, if you're feeling short of breath or wheezing, use the Albuterol one every 4 to 6 hours, you can. Ok. Yeah. So, just try the rinsing and see if that makes any difference. But, I don't know. I, I mean, let me see, you see him the eighth. So you have a whole another week.
Patient: Yeah, I got, I got so much, so much stuff going on right now. A good friend of mine passed away and then I'm over his house and everything like that. And my brother in law called, uh, my son in law, my, my brother law call me up his mother pass away. So it's like two of them within two days. It's like, oh God, and I got one next week I got to go to,
Nurse: Oh, boy. Yeah, it's a lot. I feel like so many people I talked to, there's just this LA, well, even over Christmas this, the last two months, it's just, uh, crazy. I, you know, I'll call somebody and they'll say, oh, it's you. I thought it, I was afraid it was the hospital I'm thinking, oh, my God, what? You know, that either somebody, somebody I know was sick or somebody died, you know? It's terrible. That's
Patient: Why I got to get back out west again. I think as soon as, like, beginning of May I'll be going out there. Yeah. Yeah. He's [PHI-Personal] years old now, you know, and my mother in law was [PHI-Personal]. So it's all, you know, uh, I was
Nurse: Just handful, keeping track of everybody. Yeah.
Patient: And then I'll be next in line.
Nurse: No, no, no, you're young.
Patient: I feel like just wait for somebody to give me a boost.
Nurse: Yeah. Um, did your insurance stay the same for the New Year? You didn't choose a new plan, right? Ok. They
Patient: Big things usually change the plan when like the transit authority will every couple of years whenever they see who gets the best prices. Ok. But right now it's still [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Ok. I just had to make sure it wasn't something that would bump you off of my program. So then address I have po [PHI-Geographic]. Right. Yeah, I'm gonna send you a letter. That's why I'm asking about that. So, since it's the new year, I have to update everyone's care plan. So when I do that I just send out a new care plan letter, um, with my name and number and then the, the goal, the wellness goals that I keep track of for Doctor [PHI-Personal], you don't have to do anything with it. It's just letting you know my goal.
Patient: My goal is to go back to my [PHI-Personal] year old body.
Nurse: I'll put that right on there.
Patient: But I want my [PHI-Personal] year old. Mine though.
Nurse: There you go. There's something to be said for that. You're right. I feel the same way.
Patient: I, I don't want to be young and stupid no more. I'd rather be old and healthy.
Nurse: Yeah. There you go. And, and, and smart at the same time. Yeah, I, I hear you. I, I feel like, uh, you know, our stupidity and now we're, we're paying for it with all these different arthritis and this and that, you know, it's just, uh, uh, if we were smarter then
Patient: Maybe, don't worry about it, you will feel
Nurse: 40 years later. Oh, that's [PHI-Personal]. Oh, gosh. So, anything I can do for you, any questions or concerns I can help you? Good.
Patient: I'm glad I talked to you about that because I wasn't wash it, rinse it afterwards.
Nurse: No. Yeah, I know. And I feel like they don't, they don't stress it really well. I mean, he wrote, he writes it on the note but, you know, you walk out of there, you got so much going on. Nobody's, uh, remembering that. I know
Patient: I got details appointment after I see him. I'll make an appointment to see again. Last
Nurse: 10, did you? Ok. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, let's see. So I'm gonna give you a call probably first half of March. If you need anything before that, you know, through Doctor Veronica's office, just call or you know anything I answer. Sure. Take care. Ok, bye bye. You too. Bye bye.
