Nurse: Hi, that's ok.
Patient: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal] calling you back.
Nurse: Hey, how are you doing? I'm
Patient: Good. I'm good. How about yourself?
Nurse: Good, good. Um, yeah, so I had gotten your voicemail about the, um, the mammogram. Um, and yeah, like I said, that should be no problem, um, for doctor [PHI-Personal] to put that order in. Um, I do know because I just recently had to, um, do this with another patient. Um, I figured that with it being an internal, uh, referral that they could just pull up the order on, um, the software and not have you, you know, take a paper copy or whatever. Um, but so, um, I guess, and I don't know because you said jeans, right is where you were going. So, I guess, um, before you can schedule, um, you do have to have, like, there, there's a code or something that's on the paper, um, that gets sent to you or you can pick it up whenever is easier for you. Um, and I, and I talked to the scheduling department about this. Um, so you just have to have the paper, um, before you can schedule it, but that should be no problem. So if it's easier for you, I can just have the office mail it to you
Patient: Please. That's what I was gonna.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, that should be no problem at all. So I'll definitely have them mail that to you. Um, and then hopefully you can just schedule it for as soon as possible.
Patient: Yeah. You know, I don't even know how I misplaced, you know, how you take me and I set it down with this other piece of information and it was underneath my folder. I just so happened to, you know, clean up my desk and like, what's this? And I said, oh, my gosh, you know, must have said that to me like last month sometime, maybe like [PHI-Personal] or [PHI-Personal]. And I, I just miss, I just overlooked it.
Nurse: Know, I know.
Patient: Yeah, but you know what I was, uh, the lady told me, she said, well, I told her that I have a new gynecologist, but I don't have that appointment until [PHI-Personal]. And, you know, I said, can my primary do it? She told me I could wait till [PHI-Personal]. And I'm like, well, this is my, this will be my third one. And from the very first one I had, they said to make sure that you get it done around the same time. So for me, [PHI-Personal] wasn't an option. Um, I know she said it preferably and I said, well, no one's ever told me preferably. You know what I mean? They, they told me to make sure, you know, I'm, she works there. I don't. So I'm sure she probably would know more than I do. But I said I'm just going off of what they told me to make sure it's around the same time each year. And I said, man, [PHI-Personal] is Saturday. I said, how did I overlook that? So I would have been at you from the 20 conversations that we've had thus far, but I overlooked it. So, but the good thing is it doesn't really take long to get in for an appointment. So I'll definitely be in there. Well, before [PHI-Personal]. Oh, exactly.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, that should be no problem to get in there before [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Ok. And were you able to get that prescription? I know my pharmacist called, I have to call him back. He just, he didn't tell me why he just left him a voicemail for me to give him a call back. But were you able to, um, get that, uh, those pills for like the cold sore refill? Yeah, I
Nurse: Was the Valtrex. Yeah, I, I saw that, um, Doctor [PHI-Personal] had sent it all in. Um, let me just make sure it nothing like kicked back or anything. Ok. Let me see here. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. It looks like it was sent in. Hold on one second. Mhm. So it looks like it was sent in on [PHI-Account]. Um, and it looks like and she put like refills and everything on it. So
Patient: Ok, probably why he called me yesterday. He just didn't say, you know, I have some prescription. He just said give me a call when you get a chance. So I um before I call him, I always like to make sure I don't need any more refills or anything. So I don't have to miss anything. So I just wanted to um wait until after I spoke with you to verify first and I
Nurse: It looks like it should be ready for you to pick up um but just let me know if there's any issues with it.
Patient: Ok? Um alright that was all. Well thank you so much I appreciate it.
Nurse: Yeah no problem you just let me know if you need anything else.
Patient: Ok? I sure will enjoy the rest of your week.
Nurse: Oh, thank you. You too thank you bye bye bye bye.
