Nurse: This is
Patient: Great. Hi, this is [PHI-Personal] calling. Um, we, my, my husband and I got these letters and we, or we got the phone call about the new care management program and we got our letters and we have filled them out and are ready and we were wondering, uh, when we could expect to get our phone call?
Nurse: Oh, well, I am available right now.
Patient: Ok, we can do that right now then.
Nurse: Awesome. Ok, if you don't mind, can I just verify you and your husband's date of birth?
Patient: Yes, you wanna come in. Um, I'm on my regular phone as long as we can hear each other. Ok. Uh, otherwise we should switch to a different phone. We'll give it a try here. Um, my date of birth is [PHI-Personal]. Mhm. And my husband's is [PHI-Personal], 12 47. All
Nurse: Right. Beautiful. Um, so I'll just give you a brief overview of the program itself. Um, so it looks like you'[PHI-Personal] both signed up for monthly calls. So once a month I call, check in on you see how you'[PHI-Personal] doing, make sure you don't need anything. Um, and then in between calls. If you happen to need something, you can give me a call. Um, I can do anything from appointment, scheduling medication refills. Um, if you'[PHI-Personal] having trouble with your medicines or anything, if you'[PHI-Personal] sick, I mean, basically anything to do with your health or medications I can help with. I'm like your own personal
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. So your name is [PHI-Personal], you said? Yes, [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Oh, ok. [PHI-Personal]. Yes, ma'am. How many, how many of you work there, uh, in this program? Just you or,
Nurse: Um, well, for this location of [PHI-Geographic], we currently have [PHI-Personal] nurses working. Um, but I believe we'[PHI-Personal] gonna add 1/4 1 here pretty soon,
Patient: But we always work with the same [PHI-Personal] unless something else happens. That's right. Ok. Yeah. And see, I was waiting, the reason I was waiting for you to call is because I did have a medication problem, but I got a text from my, um, express scripts and they, they'[PHI-Personal] having a problem with this medication. So I, I called the office about it and hopefully they'[PHI-Personal] taking care of it.
Nurse: Well, um, give me just a second and I'll check in and see how it's going. Which medication
Patient: Is it? It's the torsemide. Torsemide. Is it, is it torsemide? Is that, am I saying that
Nurse: Right? You sure are good. All right. So, let's see here. There's, there's problem you'[PHI-Personal] having with it. Well,
Patient: The first problem was I, I called the office about it before I got your letter. And um uh I needed to have that transferred over from Doctor [PHI-Personal] who's not going to see me anymore uh to doctor Ri which I did and they called it in. Um but it's five mg uh twice a day and the, the bottle says five mg twice a day, but it only says 90 pills and it should have said 100 and 80 pills because it's [PHI-Personal] months, you know, prescription.
Nurse: Right. Right. Ok.
Patient: So that was a mistake probably on doctor office. But today this um express scripts says before we can ship your medicine, we need to talk with your doctor's office to help us figure out how this medicine can safely work. In your case. We have reached out multiple times but haven't heard back yet. You might want to contact our office to speed this process up so that your order is not delayed any further. We'll alert you if we can't send the medicine. Ok. Now, um I'm think they don't have a record there. Doctor [PHI-Personal], I'm thinking they called Doctor [PHI-Personal] office and I've been released from them. So that's probably the problem.
Nurse: Um Did you, did you speak with the [PHI-Personal] or did you leave a message whenever you called this morning?
Patient: I spoke to whoever I, I got, you know, I stayed on the line and got a person. So I don't know that's the front office person, but they said they take care of it.
Nurse: Ok. Hang on just a second. I do see a medication notification here. Uh, oh, it's not for that. Um, I do see where it looks like they, maybe they filled it. Yeah, they did, they reordered it. Um, Doctor [PHI-Personal] did. Um, but he ordered, yeah, he ordered quantity 90. He has the directions for use as one tablet daily
Patient: But on my bottle it does say, um, one tablet in the morning and one tablet early afternoon. Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, this, this is not the new one though. Yeah, this is, this is the one from Doctor [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Ok.
Nurse: So that's why your quantity is office because it's listed as once a day. So, um, I will shoot Doctor [PHI-Personal], um, um, message and let him know that you'[PHI-Personal] taking it twice a day and that you need the quantity updated on your prescription.
Patient: Ok. But keep in mind you have, there's somebody in the office working on that right now also. Right.
Nurse: Right. Ok.
Patient: I don't wanna confuse fuse them further.
Nurse: Ok. I'll make sure to put in my, in my note that, um, your, the office has already been notified that way it doesn't get done twice.
Patient: Yeah, because I've been through this with another one some month ago.
Nurse: Uh, all right. So if you don't mind, I'd like to go over your medication list and, uh, Donald's medication list.
Patient: Ok. Well, do you wanna do me And then when we'[PHI-Personal] done, I'll put my husband on the phone. We both made notes, so we'[PHI-Personal] all ready.
Nurse: Absolutely. Um Do you see cardiology still?
Patient: No, that's, that's um I got the results of my echocardiogram and it, the results said that um no further treatment is currently required.
Nurse: OK. What about rheumatology?
Patient: I do see them and I have a question about that. Uh I remember one time Doctor [PHI-Personal] said that he could give me my Prolia shots. So I wanted to explore the idea of just having Doctor [PHI-Personal] give them to me because then I don't have to pay the specialist
Nurse: Fee. Absolutely. I'll send him a message about that as well.
Patient: OK.
Nurse: All righty. Try to get that taken care of. And then do you see any other specialists?
Patient: I see. Doctor [PHI-Personal] dermatologist,
Nurse: Dermatologist. Mhm. OK. Anybody else?
Patient: No. All right.
Nurse: All right. I'll start on your medication list. Now. Um Do you wanna read them off to me or do you want me to read them off to you?
Patient: Um I'll read them off and we'll, we'll hope they match. OK. Um blah, blah, blah Bystolic by cell cell. 20 mg. One QD. Alrighty, Lisinopril 20 mg. One QD. OK. Torsemide five mg, two B ID.
Nurse: You take two tablets at a time, twice a day or one
Patient: Tablet. No, I wrote that down wrong. 11 C ID. I have to fix that. All righty. OK. Um Pantoprazole sodium and Protonix. 40 mg, one QD. OK. [PHI-Personal] 40 mg one QD. OK. That's um, that's you pro, you probably know that that's um Pepcid. OK. Ropinirole, er, which is requip Extra Excel. Uh four mg. One QD. All right. And Prolia injection twice yearly.
Nurse: All right. And then I've also got a hydrocortisone cream [PHI-Personal] times a
Patient: Day. Um, that's for my itching. Right. Yep. Um, no, no, I'm uh, I mean I have that and I need it, uh, on hand but I'm, I'm not using it regularly just as needed.
Nurse: Ok. I'll put in as needed on there. Um, and then I have Tylenol as needed.
Patient: Yes. I usually take that new, um, concoction, um, from Advil. That's the combination of the ibuprofen and the, um, and the, um,
Nurse: Yeah, a, a
Patient: Dual action. Yeah, I take that, that's great stuff
Nurse: And you just take that as needed. Right. Yep. Ok. Um, and then I've got vitamin D [PHI-Personal] units
Patient: Once a day. Um, yep. Um, yeah, I don't have that. I, I have, uh, yes, that's what I have.
Nurse: All right. And then I have calcium plus D [PHI-Personal]. Mhm. The 602 100 once a day.
Patient: Yeah, I just have the 600 written down. Yeah.
Nurse: Good. And then I've got Centrum Silver for women once a day. Yep. Mhm. And then I also have a triamcinolone ointment.
Patient: I think that, um, that is the one that's, I'm gonna go look, um, that I don't even, I don't want, let me check and make sure I'm saying the right thing. Mm. Doctor, I called Doctor [PHI-Personal] office about something and she just sent that and I tried it and I'm not gonna use it. Um, what did you call it?
Nurse: Triamcinolone.
Patient: Um, it's not that one. Um, yeah, I've got that here. I have a tube of that. I'm not using it either.
Nurse: Ok. I'll just put as needed on there.
Patient: Right.
Nurse: Ok. Um, and then Ativan as needed.
Patient: Yeah. Which is hardly ever. Bye.
Nurse: Are you on anything
Patient: Else? I don't think so. Oh, well, I do have that other cream but I'm not gonna use it. So why, why even bother? I, I, yeah, let's not even talk about that.
Nurse: All right.
Patient: Um, I mean, you, you don't have it, you don't have it on your list. Um, I don't, so we can ignore it right. I'm not gonna use it. Absolutely.
Nurse: All right. Do you mind to, um, hold for just a brief moment?
Patient: No. Mm. Mm. I don't know if that's wrong on my medication list or I just made that mistake there. Ok, go ahead.
Nurse: Yeah. Ok. Ok. I'm so sorry about that. That's fine. All righty. So we have your medication list updated. Um, and I will over, um, the information about the zide, um, as well as ask Doctor [PHI-Personal] if he can do the Prolia for you. Mhm. Um, and then I will be sending out a care plan to you. You'll receive it next week. Probably. It'll have my name and phone number on it. Um, and it will also have, um, a list of wellness goals on it. The wellness goals are from your provider. Um, and they'll just, it'll be things like that he wants you to complete over the course of the year. So it'll be things like immunizations, doctor's appointments, blood work screenings, all that good stuff.
Patient: Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. And do you use a pill box or anything for your medicines?
Patient: Yes.
Nurse: All righty. Let's see here. All right, I've got all of that updated. Do you have any other questions or concerns?
Patient: I, my [PHI-Personal] is reminding me to take my medication. Good timing. Yeah. Yeah, I'm really not good about that. You know, I get distracted and then I get to take him. Um, ok, I, uh, my brother passed away and, um, I was, we buried him last week and my niece who was my hand holder and comforter sitting next to me, uh, came down with COVID the next morning. So, uh, right now I am on a [PHI-Personal] day, um, hang around the house. I've only got two more days left. I tested and I was negative. So I guess I'm just telling you about that. Um, so sorry for your loss. Thank you. Yeah, I, I won't even get into that right now because I have to talk to you. But thank you. Uh, he had [PHI-Personal]. It was not a, a nice situation, but I don't know, I don't know what that is, but that's particularly nasty. Um All right. So Doctor [PHI-Personal] knows about the fact that I had, um, a rash develop. II, I did have COVID [PHI-Personal], um, [PHI-Account] and in Mar or no, the, the end of [PHI-Personal], the beginning of [PHI-Personal], I developed this, um, rash all over my body. that was very, very itchy. And um I have talked to Doctor [PHI-Personal]. Um I had my dermatologist was treating it trying to find out what, you know, what it caused it, which they never got too specific. They felt it was a contact kind of thing. Um She recommended that we consider stopping the Prolia. So that's about the time I had my um appointment with REA and he did not want to um they were recommending that I take um rise donate sodium instead of the Prolia. So I didn't, I didn't get my Prolia shot and um saw Doctor [PHI-Personal] and he did not want me to take the R donate sodium. And so I went back in uh a couple of weeks later and, and got another Prolia shot. Now, the results of that is that my rash has not gotten worse and over the course of this year, it is getting better, it is significantly better. Um but it's not gone and the itching is not gone. The rash is gone more than the, well, the itching is also improving but I still do have sini significant itching. Um When I say it's better when I first got this, it came on, it was a vengeance, you know that it was, it came on with a vengeance. It was, it erupted. Now, when I get new, new bumps and stuff, they seem to go away quickly and it just whimpers. So I, you know, I can live with this and it, it's slowly changing. Um, and I am, I am certain the doctors are not certain, I am certain it's related to the COVID.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. Um
Patient: That's when he added, what am I using? I'm not really, I'm not using anything other than my husband scratching my back for me. Are you using
Nurse: The hydrocortisone
Patient: On it? Well, that's what that hydrocortisone is for. So, if I need to, I will. But uh generally I'm, I'm doing ok. I, um, what I use mostly is just to keep it. Uh I, I use the lotion, um, you know, keep it everything moist. Ok. Um Let's see. Um, that's when Doctor [PHI-Personal] added the, um, that's he added the Prevacid because it's an anti inflammatory and he thought that might help. Uh and also it would take care of any um breakthrough GERD I had had and I would say it is helping us not solving but helping on both of those scores.
Nurse: Good. I'm glad to hear that. Um you might try if you have like a really bad spot of, you know, the rash, you could also try putting some of that triamcinolone ointment on it. Um, a very thin layer. Uh,
Patient: Yeah. And that's why, and that's why I have a new tube. I have it for that purpose. Um, and doctor, doctor did warn me that, um, not to use too much because it thins the skin out.
Nurse: Right. Exactly. Yeah, I gotta be kind of careful with that. But, I mean, that is something that you can use if it is bad.
Patient: Right. Yeah, I mean, I would, I would put it on fairly, fairly significantly there for a while and, and then it would help really a lot. But then, but then after a few days then the dryness and the, um, other part, you know, that would get worse. So I sort of trying to find a balance between using it and not using it, you know. Right. Yeah,
Nurse: The skin is delicate. It is all about finding the right balance for your skin
Patient: Type. So. Right. And, and my, you know, that's, I think that's my theory for why the COVID attacked me that way is because that is my vulnerable, you know, my vulnerable area is my skin. I, I, uh, I'm, my skin is messy looking. I tea very easily and, oh, yeah. Skin. Yeah, I've got thin skin. So, all right. Um,
Nurse: Is there anything
Patient: Else that I can Yeah, there is. I'm looking so I don't miss anything. Um, the Gerd's doing ok. I still get some breakthrough but that, that's all right. Um, we did that. We did that. Ok. So, so then, then the, the biggest thing I suppose right now is, um, he, Doctor [PHI-Personal], uh, had I had a chest x-ray and we were exploring whether I had, uh, heart problems because I have a lot of fatigue, shortness of breath, wheezing edema in my legs um and weakness in my thighs when I'm walking. So he, I had a chest x-ray that was normal. I had a metabolic panel. Uh V type, I do know how to read. It's just these tic peptide was normal um Stress test. OK. So then I did a stress test and they discovered that I had a left branch bundle block and that um so they couldn't get any results from the stress test. So then they scheduled a nuclear stress test and that indicated normal to low risk stress. OK. And then, then I had an echocardiogram and that's when Doctor [PHI-Personal] said, you know, that came out, it indicated maybe some beginning stage stuff, but um no further treatment is currently required. So when you are exploring with express scripts, what the problem is with that uh furosemide. The reason I have that is um to deal with the edema. OK? OK. So that, and he changed my BP medication from Lisinopril HCTZ to straight Lisinopril. So, other than those two medications he's saying I don't need any other treatment. Well, that's good. Mhm. Yeah, that is good. So, bottom line is why do I have all those symptoms? Because if you would talk to doctor [PHI-Personal], he would tell you that my fault is that I do not complain about my, my physical, um, condition and I do not get treated as early as I should on most things, um, which causes me platforms sometimes. Um But so, you know, why am I, why am I feeling like, you know, more doctor wanted me to have my heart checked out. And the fact is that, um, let's see, I had, I had a surgery in [PHI-Personal] where they removed my sigmoid uh colon. I was, I was kind of a mess um from untreated uh diverticulitis. So, um since that time, I've a and more specifically, since COVID, I would say I've gained 20 lbs. Now I have, I'm not eating more, I'm not eating more junk food. I'm, I'm not, you know, I'm eating less, significantly less and yet I'm gaining weight. Now, I do know that I am um not eating as well as I used to, you know, as far as making sure um that I'm eating enough vegetables and um proteins. I'm eating too many carbohydrates. So I know that and I also know I like to eat a piece of toast or something before I go to bed. So that contributes to my weight too. But that's not any different than it's ever been. Of course, my, probably the big difference is I'm older and my metabolism is not as active. Um, and, and my being somebody who walked and went to the gym every day religiously, I've fallen off the wagon with that too. So I, my point is, I think my problems are caused by the fact that I've gained all this weight and I really need to do something about it. And I'm at the point I, I said, I said to myself, I'm gonna stop worrying about my weight, you know, constantly agonizing over it. I just, I'm gonna accept myself for who I am and that little, that little, um, that little person inside me took advantage of that and cause me to begin with. So anyway, um, I'm, you know, and my husband has a problem too. So we are walking, we'[PHI-Personal] trying, now we'[PHI-Personal] walking and we'[PHI-Personal] trying to regain, I mean, the point with the food is we just lost all our interest in food. You know, we used to be foodies and now we don't like anything. So, um, so I was going, and this is a long story and I'm sorry about that, but we, um, signed up for a program. I don't know if you'[PHI-Personal] familiar with it at five B Fitness center, you know what used to be gold and they've added a a dietician to their staff and the dietician works with, uh, the insurance companies and some of the insurance companies pay for this. So we had an appointment yesterday because we were gonna do this and, um, he called and canceled it because we have a high mark. Um, Medic, you know, uh [PHI-Personal] Advantage program and he has been having trouble with the [PHI-Personal] Advantage program saying they would cover it and then they put it in and then they, um, rene on them and they haven't been covering things. So he wants to get that problem straightened out, uh, rather than work with us and then have nobody paying for it. So, um, I wanna bring that up that I, I don't know what convinces [PHI-Personal] to accept something or not, but I, you know, if your doctors behind it and says, uh, both that and medication, you know, and so this person is, has the really ill effects from this extra weight and, you know, um, maybe then that influences their acceptance. I don't, I don't know, I don't know anything about the insurance program. Yeah, a referral
Nurse: From your provider might
Patient: Help. Right. So that's one thing, the other thing is, um, I understand that there has been, um, some interesting results from the, uh [PHI-Geographic] and the [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Geographic]. Um, I'm [PHI-Personal] years. I've died since I was [PHI-Personal]. I, I just, that, that's why I came to that point this year where I said I just have had it with, with this obsession, you know, and I would be very interested in knowing if I could get a drug like that to help me. Right.
Nurse: Um When was the last time you went in to see him?
Patient: Doctor? Uh I did see him in [PHI-Personal]? Was that the last time? Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. Um, we might wanna make an appointment with Doctor [PHI-Personal].
Patient: I do. I, that I, that was something I do want to do. Yeah. That way you can
Nurse: Discuss the dietitian, he can get that referral put in, you guys can discuss different medication options for weight loss. Um, and you can kind of get his advice on everything and explain everything the way that you have explained it to me, you know, right to him because I can only do so much through a message.
Patient: Um, well, that's true. But if he has time to, uh, you know, I, I understand that what they'[PHI-Personal] doing to these doctors and their time limits for their appointments and so forth. And so if he has a report from you ahead of time, then he can consider it before I show up.
Nurse: Absolutely. I will, I will, I'll update them as much as I can through a message, but I really, um, I'd like to make you an appointment with them, um, so that you can discuss it
Patient: Further with them. Ok. Yeah. No, that's on my list. But I wanted to do that. Ok.
Nurse: Well, let, let me look at his schedule and see what we can get you set up with. Ok. All right. Is there a day of the week that works better for you?
Patient: Uh, no, but there's a, I have a little busy period coming up here. Um, I am going to be away. Let's see. I have, um, out of town company from the [PHI-Personal] through the end of that month. So I don't think this month is good. Then I have um a vacation to see my daughter in [PHI-Geographic]. That's the week of the seventh. That's not good. And then I have another week on vacation with friends the week of the [PHI-Personal]. That's not good. Anything in uh no, that's not true. My brother's memorial is also coming up. That's the [PHI-Personal] and [PHI-Personal]. That wouldn't be good. So other than this is not normal for me. Normally I say any time, but I'm just, I'm just busy all of a sudden is what it is and then it will calm down. So, um, yeah, [PHI-Personal] doesn't look real good. Um, so I could do the first week in [PHI-Personal] or the 15th, [PHI-Personal], 17th of [PHI-Personal] or look at
Nurse: That first week of [PHI-Personal]. I don't wanna make you wait.
Patient: Yeah. Ok.
Nurse: Um What day of the week do you like?
Patient: And then that doesn't matter? Ok.
Nurse: Um, you like mornings or afternoons,
Patient: Late morning, early afternoon or I can come I really can come any time. I'm [PHI-Personal] minutes away.
Nurse: Ok. Uh, so I'm looking at the second which is a Tuesday. Um, and I've got, he's got a [PHI-Account] 45 or a 1 15.
Patient: Mm. Well, the [PHI-Account] 45 and, and that's not, I'm asking my husband a question. [PHI-Account] 45 is ok. Yeah. And if you end up wanting to see him, we'll both come in nine, if he's got time [PHI-Account] 45 Tuesday. I don't know if he wants, I don't know if you'[PHI-Personal] gonna want him to go in or not [PHI-Account] 45 Tuesday. Um [PHI-Personal] 2nd. Was that? Yeah. [PHI-Personal] 2nd. Ok. Uh All right. That's good.
Nurse: It's not really acute. Let me do. Sorry I'm looking to see what kind of visit I'm doing here. Mm.
Patient: Mhm.
Nurse: There we go. All right. So ok, so I put in the note for the appointment that you would like to discuss weight loss options. Uh dietitian referral and your Prolia injections.
Patient: Yep. Uh you had asked me about maintenance stuff. I made uh notes that my mammogram I just had was normal. Um my COVID is up to date with the last shot thing. Um, the [PHI-Personal]. Are we coming up on those? Are they gonna be done in the fall or do you even know
Nurse: The the what now? I'm sorry,
Patient: The co the COVID shots I've been wondering when they'[PHI-Personal] gonna start saying we need to get shot again. I'm current up to [PHI-Personal], [PHI-Personal], 22.
Nurse: Um, let me take a look here. Let's see. Um, looks like I think that you've had all the boosters that you can have at this point.
Patient: Right. I was just curious as to when they were gonna start saying you needed them again, you think they'[PHI-Personal] gonna be once a year
Nurse: Or? You know, I don't know. That's a good question. I would ask him about that.
Patient: All right. Well, I'll find out eventually. Um, ok. Um, I was just thinking about it since I got exposed, you know, II, I guess. Absolutely. I, I'm still pretty well covered. Um, I'm current on my flu shots. Um, I'm current on my pneumonia shot now, the shingles shot. Um, I've had two old ones. I never did have the new one. I'm a little, I'm a little on the fence on that one and when I had my appointment with him we didn't talk about a Cologuard. I don't intend to get another colonoscopy. I would just wanna do colon Cologuard and I didn't have that last year but I can wait. I mean, whatever you think. Yeah. Um,
Nurse: It looks like you'[PHI-Personal] not due for another colorectal screening until [PHI-Personal]
Patient: [PHI-Account]. Oh, I don't even have to do Cologuard in between. Huh? I got confused because, you know, we'[PHI-Personal], my husband just retired in, at the end of 2021 or no, [PHI-Account]. No, it's either one or two, who knows a year difference. Um, anyway, um, my, my point being that we'[PHI-Personal] new to, to [PHI-Personal], you know, and I saw my [PHI-Personal] thing says I didn't have my, my colonoscopy and I thought to myself, well, I'm not gonna either.
Nurse: Yeah, it looks like it looks like you'[PHI-Personal] good as far as that's concerned. Um, I have your, your list here of things that you need to complete over the course of the year. Um, it looks like, uh, you need the shingles shot. Um, a couple of screenings that they can, we can do over the phone or you can do in the office. Um, a BP screening.
Patient: Hey, my BP, my BP is so good after this change in, um, in the medication. But the guy asked me if I get dizzy really? When I had my echocardiogram, it's like 70 over something. It's really low. I've never had low blood, but I feel fine with that. My, I mean, I don't feel dizzy from it. Oh, that's
Nurse: Good. So, it looks like you'[PHI-Personal] not really due for anything major until [PHI-Personal]. And at that point you'[PHI-Personal] due for some labs and your flu shot. Um, and then you'[PHI-Personal] due for, um, your [PHI-Personal] care visit in [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Right?
Nurse: That's, that's pretty well, aside from the shingles injection and some press and the screenings here
Patient: And they've already started nagging me about that [PHI-Personal] thing too. And I just had that, you know, a few months ago, but once you get on [PHI-Personal] and they have all those, every time you do anything you'[PHI-Personal] supposed to give them feedback and, and it's like a full time job. Yeah. All that stuff. You
Nurse: Do have your [PHI-Personal] Wellness visit already scheduled for [PHI-Personal] 4th.
Patient: Oh, did I do that? Ok. Oh, you mean that with doctor? Yeah, I know that. Um, I, I mean, they, they send a [PHI-Personal] out to the house. Oh, really? Yeah. Yeah. No, it's not. Um,
Nurse: So I will put all the dates and everything next to all the stuff you have due for when it's due. So, whenever you get your care plan you'll have your list of things that you need to do along with a date to have it done by. Ok. Good to make it easy for you that way. You know, looking at the list, you don't have anything due until, you know, [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Right. That's good. And then I'll see him and we'll get this weight thing taken care of. And maybe, I mean, I just, I'm getting up there but I, I'm not in good shape. I mean, I've always, uh, until the last few years I've been in good shape and, and I've let myself go so that's got to stop because I shouldn't be as incapacitated as I am at my age. That's my opinion. I could do better.
Nurse: Well, I'm glad that you'[PHI-Personal] taking charge and I making the changes that you need to make.
Patient: Yeah, this is great what you'[PHI-Personal] doing. It will keep, you know, you have somebody on, keep you on track so you need to talk to him and I'm gonna warn you ahead of time. Our phone craps out after a certain amount of time. I know. I don't understand why. But, um, in which case he'll just call you right back. Ok. All right. That sounds good here. And you'[PHI-Personal] done with me, right. Yes, ma'am. And he, and he's much, uh, less robust. So that'll work.
Nurse: Ok. Hello? Hi there. Hi. Um, I am fine today. Good. So, my name is [PHI-Personal] I'm not sure how much you heard from her. Uh, whenever I speak I heard everything right. So, you know what the program is about then? Yes. All right. Good deal. Um, do you have any questions or concerns for today? Uh No, not really. II, I have a few questions and concerns. We'll go down the list. I have a list kind of like hers. Ok. All right. What you out for? Well, um, let me see. It just, uh, some, uh, injury, um, back in [PHI-Account]. I hurt my back and, um, I was, uh, saw doctor, uh, doctor at the family practice and I saw [PHI-Personal], yeah, started off with a cortisone injection for me and went back to on the [PHI-Personal]. That was the [PHI-Personal] 4th [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal], uh, do I saw doctor and he gave me a dose [PHI-Geographic] Ibuprofen prescription for the 600 mg ones. A referral to PT and a back x-ray for the sciatic. Ok. And then two days later, 3, 18. Uh, no, I, yeah, [PHI-Personal], I started my physical therapy and in doing that on the [PHI-Personal], I went to [PHI-Geographic] orthopedic walk in clinic for the same thing for the back pain. They gave me an injection to, I guess, muscle relaxant or something. And a prescription for a muscle relaxant and then come, come [PHI-Personal] or [PHI-Personal] 6, I had a lumbar MRI and it showed, you know, pretty much, I'm an old man. Yeah, I had to finish PT before [PHI-Personal] would prove the MRI. So I had that. I went back and saw the doctors over at [PHI-Geographic] on 5 [PHI-Personal] and they referred me to the pain management, uh, pain Management Group on [PHI-Personal], I had an epidural [PHI-Personal] and on 99, I had my second epidural. That's, you know, [PHI-Personal] says no more than [PHI-Personal] months and that's it as far as the back pain. Um, I'm living with it. It's not that bad walking. We'[PHI-Personal] exercising. I'm doing a lot of core exercises to strengthen my core. So it feels better and, and I'm gonna go back and play golf. Ok. Pain management. What's that? Are you still seeing pain management? No, I haven't seen him since the Uh, [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Account]. Yes. That was the last, with the epidural and that was the last one.
Patient: Yeah, a lot of pain before that, but the second epidural seemed to do the trick fine. Ok.
Nurse: But now it's tolerable. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it's more, yeah, I wake up in the morning maybe a little stiff but, you know, get up and move around for about five minutes and that and then much better. So. Ok. Ok. All right. And medications, I guess that would be next. Yeah, I have, uh, the muscle relaxant looks like it's called Zanaflex four Mgs. Yeah, I don't take, I don't take that anymore.
Patient: Ok. All right.
Nurse: Do you take any muscle relaxants at all? No, other than Ibuprofen? No. All right. I'll get that taken off your med list and I do have Ibuprofen 600 mg [PHI-Personal] times a day. Uh, no, I don't take it that often. I take, I take it as needed. Ok, let me get that updated real quick. And then I've got Losartan Hydrochlorothiazide 100 12.5. Yep. One time a day. And that's all I have on your list. That's all there is right now. All right. So, I also take the multivitamin once a day. Are you taking the, um, centrum Silver for men? Yes. Yep. Ok. Let me get that real quick [PHI-Personal]. So there it is the Centrum Men. 55 plus. Yeah. Yeah. Got it. Ok. Vitamin D 200 mg once a day. [PHI-Personal], [PHI-Personal] units. Yep. Ok. And uh, just Ibuprofen as I need it. All righty. Got that updated. Ok. And much like my wife, my flu and my COVID shots are up to date. Mhm. Mm. Uh, it shows that you'[PHI-Personal] due for a COVID booster. Uh, and the shingles vaccine. Well, and you can put the pneumonia vaccine in there too. I don't think he's giving me that.
Patient: I don't know why he'd be due for COVID. He's, he's current as I am.
Nurse: Um, it might just, it might be just like not updated in the computer system. Um, so the next time that you go into the office, just bring your, your COVID uh immunization card with you so they can update it. Ok. So I, I would say I, I'm really due for the pneumonia shot and the shingles vaccine. Let's see. Yeah, where it says pneumonia shot, it says unknown right on here. Yeah. So I would say that that's, that's you. Um, and then other than that you'[PHI-Personal] due for just your BP screening in [PHI-Personal]. It looks like, um, which that can wait. That's not a big deal. Other than that you'[PHI-Personal] not due for anything until flu shot in [PHI-Personal]. Mm. Ok. Yeah, that sounds about right. And then, uh, your, of course, your annual wellness visit, your [PHI-Personal] visit in [PHI-Personal]. Um, and at that point that's whenever all of your labs are due as well. Ok. So unless you'[PHI-Personal] having trouble with anything, um I would say just follow up um it looks like you already have your appointment for your [PHI-Personal] annual Wellness visit on the fourth. Um um Yep, I would just wait until then and you can, well you need to get your flu shot prior to that but that can be done anywhere. Um but you can just get your labs and all your screenings and all that good stuff done all in one visit in [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Does that sound good to you? That sounds fine. Alrighty, is there anything else I can help you with today? Well, much like her the the food is you know, a little problem but um we do have uh the b thing I you know they gave us a couple uh [PHI-Personal] a couple referrals on it so we'll take him in when we go see him when bar goes sees him, the one that he sent us for them to fill out and send it. Oh
Patient: Oh yeah, we have paperwork that I sent that we need to bring to the. Well, I'll bring them to the doctor when for my appointment and then they can submit them to uh see if we can get approval for that program.
Nurse: All right, that sounds good. Other than that the increased walking and going to the gym is helping a lot. So good, good. I especially, you know, even with the back pain and that it's that much less good deal, good deal. All right. Well, um if you happen to need anything before next month, just give me a holler. Ok. Ok. Will
Patient: Do. Alright?
Nurse: You have a wonderful day. Ok. All right bye bye bye.
