Nurse: Good morning. This is,
Patient: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal]. I think you tried to call me earlier for some reason. We have issues
Nurse: With our phone. Yes, I did give me just a second. Let me get you pulled up here. Yeah. Every time I, um, called, like, I would hear you say hello and then it would cut out. So,
Patient: Yeah, for some reason for the last couple of weeks, none of our cell phones work in the house. We called Xin and our cell carrier and can't nobody fix the issue?
Nurse: Ok. Ok. Let's see. Let me get you pulled back up here. Ok. So the last time we talked was on the ninth. Mhm. Uh, let's see. We kind of talked about, ok, you're not having any shortness of breath cough or wheezing. We talked about the pollution in the air and all that. We talked about the cardiology appointment. Mhm. Your heart rate? Did you ever kind of get that figured out? Did you recalibrate the watch and stuff? Mhm. Has that, has that improved? Are you still having, like, the random high heart rate on your watch?
Patient: Well, I haven't gotten another notification. I decided since our conversation to start tracking it. So every time it comes up, I can't get the one. But since our conversation, um, I decided to start tracking it every time I got an alert. So I put the date and with the message, see it on the watch. So the doctor track it. But I had my echo yesterday. Was it yesterday the [PHI-Personal]? And I also did the x-ray of my hips. So hopefully somebody in Doctor [PHI-Personal] office can call me and let me know what the x-ray show because Doctor [PHI-Personal] is no longer with the office anymore. So I don't know who they put me with or who they assigned to be, for me to be with. I've never met Doctor [PHI-Personal] personally, I've always seen Doctor [PHI-Personal]. So I would like somebody to call me and let me know, you know, if these issues that I'm having with my hips, if there's anything that they was able to see on the x-ray,
Nurse: Let's see. So radiology, x-ray, let me see if it's pulling up yet. Oh yeah, it looks like it's not been um resulted yet the x-ray and
Patient: Uh she said it would be a visible almost immediately if it was in the temple. Doctor's office. That's strange cause I think I did that Monday. So it should have been there. OK. Can you make a note for somebody in the office to call me when it's available? Because like I said, Doctor [PHI-Personal] is gone. So I don't know who they have assigned me to and I would like to know it cause when I'm laying down at night, I can turn on both hips and I'm experiencing like really uh pain. Sometimes I have to end up laying on my back so I can't even lay on my side cause both hips are hurting.
Nurse: OK. Yeah. Um Most likely as soon as it cause it's showing in the computer it's not released yet. So as soon as it's released, I'm sure they'll contact you about that. Um, it looks like do you even have an appointment scheduled?
Patient: No, and I do need to, I was just there a couple of weeks ago to have my second hepatitis shot even though I don't have hepatitis and they told me to make an appointment for six months and I still need to do that
Nurse: For, um, oh, I guess
Patient: The third part of the shop.
Nurse: Let's see. So then the echo, it looks like your cardiologist said she will review the study. Mhm. Um, let's see. Left ventricle size is normal, normal, normal, normal, normal, normal, normal, normal, moderate tri vascular, no per fusion. Ok. So, yeah, your cardiologist will be able to look over that echo. Um, and tell you more detail, what I can see, you know, is showing that, um, everything kind of looks normal.
Patient: So do you think once she reads it and see that it's normal? She can, she can remove that cardiomyopathy from my list of health issues since I don't have
Nurse: It. Yeah, you'll have to talk to her about that because that's, that's beyond my scope. It does show tricuspid regurgitation has worsened a little bit. So, that's something that they'll have to kind of discuss with you and figure out the treat. What was that?
Patient: You went in and out?
Nurse: What did you say tricuspid regurgitation? So, um, basically, um, it's a heart valve, you know, the cusp or the leaflets on your heart, don't open your blood properly and that it regurgitates blood back up into the heart. So that's really what that is, but the cardiologist can definitely like explain it better. She knows the treatment for that and all that. So let's see. Do you have an appointment with cardiology coming
Patient: Up? Well, yeah, I have a uh a tele coming up. I think it was four weeks from my appointment with her. So I think it was already scheduled.
Nurse: I don't see any cardiology appointments here scheduled. So what I would do is call cardiology and schedule an appointment with them so that you can kind of follow up with that echo and then talk about getting that one you know, thing removed and then as far as the x-ray, they should be calling you about that. As soon as it gets completely released, I will send an appointment request to Doctor [PHI-Personal] office so that we can get you in for an appointment. Um, ok. And then, so you said that you're not, you haven't had any alerts on your, on your watch anymore? No,
Patient: Not since I talked to you the other day.
Nurse: And no shortness of breath, chest pain, palpitations. None of that.
Patient: No, I, I get the pain sometimes, like I said, when I eat, but I believe that's part of the scleroderma um-hum. Um, so sometimes I just have to take a pause with eating, um, until it, like, resolves itself. Um, but there's nothing else we can do besides the omeprazole that she has me taking twice, twice a day.
Nurse: Yeah. And are you still doing where you're, um, not eating after seven?
Patient: Yeah, I've been doing pretty good. Uh, only one day since I talked to you. I had my, my, the, my meal ended at 7 30. So that wasn't too bad. But since I talked to you, I've been doing really well.
Nurse: Awesome. Yeah, I saw that the bariatric doctor said that he thinks the weight gain is from the lupus flare. So follow up in eight weeks. So, ok, all that sounds good to me. Um, so yeah, call cardiology and get a, get an appointment to schedule so that you can follow up with that echo. Um, and then make sure you mention to the cardiologist when you go about like, you know what that watch has been saying and stuff like that. So,
Patient: And again,
Nurse: If, again, if you, if you do end up ever having symptoms of shortness of breath, palpitations, chest pain, you know, we already talked about that, you know, you wanna call the doctor, go to the, er, for that. So.
Patient: Ok, I'm on it. Thank you so
Nurse: Much. You're so welcome. I hope you have a good day. If anything comes up, you can call me. Ok, thank you. You do the same. All right, have
Patient: A good day. Bye bye. You too. Bye.
