Nurse: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal]. Hello.
Patient: Yeah. Oh, I'm sorry. II I didn't know if it was still a recording. My name is [PHI-Personal] and I'm just returning a call that you placed about a day or two ago.
Nurse: Ok. Let me pull you up here.
Patient: II, I have a bad answering machine and I'm thinking that you said it's um doctor that maybe referred you to call.
Nurse: Yes. So it looks like you. I called you on behalf of that doctor. That's your primary care doctor, right? And I called on, I'm on a recorded line to talk to you about our care management program. Ok. So what that is, is a nurse that would be able to give you a call to see how you're doing. The nurse is able to answer any questions, help refill prescriptions, she'll address any issues you might be having and also help with appointments, referrals and lab work, things like that. The program, it helps keep your doctor updated and all the calls the nurse makes, they are documented and sent to your doctor for review and they're also treated as a billable service to [PHI-Personal]. [PHI-Personal] Advantage plans and secondary insurance carriers so they may be subject to deductibles co insurance or copay. And so I have here, you have the [PHI-Personal] and the [PHI-Personal]. Is that still correct? That's correct. Ok, good. And so essentially they're around a once a month phone call from the nurse, but you're able to call in as many times as you need to. Um, would you prefer a morning or afternoon phone call?
Patient: Um, so this is something that I, I have to do or I should do.
Nurse: Well, the doctor is encouraging the program.
Patient: Um, I would prefer an afternoon phone call, please. Ok.
Nurse: And so I'll send you out a letter as well. It will have the information and the nurses' phone number on there. And are you still at the [PHI-Geographic] in [PHI-Geographic]? Yes, I am. Ok. So I'll send that letter and then just expect a call from the nurse within the next few weeks. Ok. All right. All right. Well, thanks for giving me a call back today. I hope you have a nice day.
Patient: Now, can I just ask you a question? Yeah. What if I'm not home or not available when she calls? May I just return the call back?
Nurse: Yes, absolutely. She'll leave a
Patient: Message. Ok. The, the, um, and does, I'm sorry, I'm, I'm, I'm asking too many questions, but yeah, I'm an anal retired admin. I guess it's still in my blood. [PHI-Personal] years of doing this. And caring for my mom. But, um, uh, is this something that doctor, uh, is promoting for several of our patients?
Nurse: Oh, yeah. Very, uh, yeah, several of them.
Patient: Ok, because I do live alone. I'm [PHI-Personal]. I don't really have family but, you know, it's funny because I don't call her or bother her a lot. So I just was kind of surprised to, um, received this message. The one, the one thing I admit and I told her straight out and it kind of freaks her. II I may be freaked her out is um or it freaks me out is that I have been on a total of um 1.0 mg uh of um alprazolam or Xanax a day since like the late [PHI-Personal]. And in the old days, her predecessor would write out the prescription for like 90 days. I never abused it even when there were deaths in the family. You know, I always took just the allotted amount. But um I do call, I do have to go online and um do a medication refill like she will only do it now for 30 days. And I, I had a proof that I, I did see a, a therapist in the late [PHI-Personal] and blah, blah, blah. Um would, would this nurse, should I, should I still handle something like that? Myself or
Nurse: Your nurse may ask you about it. But that's something you definitely wanna let her know. That's the way she's aware of it or if you need anything or if she can help in any way she, she will be able to. So it'd be good to let her know that way. She's aware
Patient: Of it. Ok. Um, I guess I, I guess I'm just freaked out but I'm sorry, by this whole program because, um, you know, I, I am still able to do grocery shopping and it, it's not like I'm immobile. I haven't had knee replacement because I do live alone and I understand that they don't even send you to rehab, like overnight anymore. So, if I should decide to have it, I'd kind of be stuck. But I, I'm, I'm giving you way too much information. It's just, um, when I, when I first got this call and I was thinking about it, it's like ii, I didn't know if she did this, um, because she thinks I'm so, uh, bad off or no,
Nurse: It has nothing to do with any of that. Yeah, it's just a new program that helps the doctors, it keeps them updated. It gives the patients a nurse they could reach out to if they need anything and things like that. Ok.
Patient: And, and, you know, once a month just for a phone call and I might just have to pay toward my deductible. You know, that sounds great. Um, really missy. Give me someone gentle,
Nurse: I will. She'll be great. You'll love her. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Someone gentle. Like you. Ok. All right. So I'll just wait for the letter and, um, the, um, now I returned the call, so I'll, I'll just play the waiting game. But thank you for your patience, [PHI-Personal]. And I hope I get you. Hope, I hope you get to enjoy a little bit of a memorial day weekend. I will for
Nurse: Sure. I
Patient: Hope you as well. Thank you. Thank you, Missy. You're welcome. Bye bye now. Bye bye.
