Nurse: Good morning. This is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you?
Patient: Hi [PHI-Personal]. My name is [PHI-Personal] and I had two messages, one from Wednesday and one from Thursday about my, you guys calling me to check in and it's, I've been crazy busy and I'm getting ready to go on a cruise.
Nurse: Oh, how exciting. And I'm sorry, normally we just give one call, not two days back to back. We must not have realized that we both called you.
Patient: It's not a problem. I, I like that people are looking up for me.
Nurse: Oh, thank you. Well, tell me, do you have any health care questions or concerns we can help you with or any medical needs that you need to take care of before you go on your cruise?
Patient: Well, the only thing I wanted to update, um, whoever on is that I have been using, um, a protocol to get off acid reflux meds. Um, so I, um, and I had told this to, I think I talked to [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Yep, I'm Ly. Yes. Ok.
Patient: So I don't know if I talked to you or, well, I talked to somebody but anyway, um, I'm still, and I'm still, I'm off the, the, the PPIs like the um um I'm trying to think of the PriLOSEC type meds and I am using the, like the um, the Pepcid uh [PHI-Personal], but I'm still having a little breakthrough acid, but it's, it's hit and miss to be honest, but the, the side effect that is just motivating me is I have for the last two weeks, I have slept almost every night and gotten 6 to 8 hours.
Nurse: Excellent. That is, don't know. I
Patient: Mean, it, it before that being on the PPIs on my restless legs, literally there were nights that I got [PHI-Personal] nights, [PHI-Personal] hours of sleep. If that. Wow,
Nurse: That is the difference,
Patient: Right? And because the P from what I read the PPIs block, the absorption of iron and that was triggering my restless leg.
Nurse: Oh And I believe it also interferes with your magnesium absorption. Also very interesting
Patient: And my iron levels and my blood work were high, but my iron level was low. My absorption level was low in my blood work and that's kind of what triggered me to do this research. Um with the, the PP I and the other thing I'm gonna find very interesting is even though this is a very happy time, I'm getting ready to go for on a cruise, I do get anxious before I travel and stuff. And I'm, I'm wondering if once I'm on the cruise that will all settle down a bit and that can affect your, your acid reflux type symptoms as well.
Nurse: You are so correct.
Patient: So, um, but no other than that, um, you know, and it's not, it's like nothing I, I can't handle at this point. It's not. Uh, and I've, I've always been careful as far as my diet as, as far as watching, like, high acidic food. Like, I'm not a, I don't do a lot of tomato sauces and things like that. Um I, I do do coffee but it's a low acid coffee and then if you cold brew it, that also cuts down on the acid. I've been doing a lot of research because I'm not giving up my coffee.
Nurse: I hear you there. Good. So, is this the Silver Fern program that you were telling [PHI-Personal] about in the past? Yeah. Good. Excellent. And so I know that you had come to like a unusual dose of PriLOSEC. We had documented like 15 mg, which is like, you're not your normal dosage because you were reducing. And so now let me update it. So we're gonna take the PriLOSEC totally off your record because you're not taking it now.
Patient: Right? And I'm just doing the Pepcid the 20 mg that begins with an app.
Nurse: Yes. Famotidine, also known as Pepcid, right? And I'm
Patient: Doing uh and I'm doing that um once a day.
Nurse: Excellent. Is the Famotidine a 20 mg tablet that you're doing once a day. Yeah.
Patient: Great. And doctor and I had talked about trying to, to make the switch and the thing that the silver fern, um, really made a point of is that your body has my body, especially since I've been on it for so long, is very used to it and dependent upon it. And it's gonna take, you know, they said, you know, 3 to 6 months to totally resolve this. And then the goal is to go on a really good, um, probiotic and prebiotic. And that would be my next step in like [PHI-Personal] or four months. Excellent. Yeah, I really like this, this program. I'm learning a lot and, you know, if it doesn't work, then I'll go back to the G I doc and say, you know, what are my choices? Because I don't wanna be on the, the fact that I'm sleeping again, I mean, the other day I just sat and cried, I was so happy and I'm not a crier. I can hardly ever cry, but I was just so like to have 7 to 8 hours of sleep again is amazing.
Nurse: It's changing your life to be able to have the sleep that your body needs to repair itself and be ready for the next day. Speaks volumes.
Patient: I know. And it's, it's just so exciting. It is, is, I, I'm, you know, before I travel, I'm like an [PHI-Personal] year old kid. I get really excited. I don't sleep and everything. And last night we, my, my sister and I went to the Hershey Bears playoff game. It was very exciting and I thought I'll never get to sleep. I popped into bed at 11. I didn't wake up until 6 30.
Nurse: Excellent. So you're letting me know that you decided to take control of your GERD in a different perspective that the Silver Fern program has really helped you educate yourself. Plus you're making an effort to do so. And you're recognizing the negatives of the PP I, especially about the lack of absorbing the iron. You're letting me know that the lack of sleep, restless legs and the GERD all were tied together. Now that you're off of the PPI and on Pepcid, you're having uh hopefully better absorption of your iron and already you're benefiting by noticing your night's sleep is not only longer but actually a night sleep of a good 7 to 8 hours um that you were wondering if your anxiety and your excitement was going to interfere with that sleep so far? So good. It hasn't. And this is where I wanna ask a few questions. The Pepcid, the Faine, is that something that I'm documenting you're taking at your own discretion over the counter or is there a doctor's name uh that is leading this fern program and I'm to put their name with the Pepcid.
Patient: There is no uh the, the silver fern is a commercial product. It's like I have not had a consult with a doctor from [PHI-Geographic]. But they do, like, if you message them, they do, um, recommend a protocol to start with. And that's how I, that's how I got the, what I'm doing right now and it is all natural. It is not any, there's no chemicals. It's like, um, the, the mucosa is slippery, elm and prickly pear, the stuff that you drink after a big, uh, after a meal to help prepare repair your lining. So everything's all natural. And they do have a lot of like, you, you can go on and they have research links for everything.
Nurse: I love that site. I think I'm going to have to explore that site myself.
Patient: Yes, I highly, you know, I highly encourage um that because I have learned so much about um just especially this particular issue for me. It's just been and it makes sense if it didn't make sense where I thought, you know, that sounds a little fishy. Uh, you know, and you can always um message them and ask questions and, you know, it takes a couple of days because, you know, they get back to every customer personally. Excellent.
Nurse: And when you put their name in is a website. Did you just put in [PHI-Geographic]? Was there any um silver
Patient: Fern? It'll come up [PHI-Personal] and then you can go to the web, the website. They also, if you um like the first place I saw them was on Facebook and I went on and did the research and then you can message them through Facebook, um, and they can, you know, they answer your questions about, you know, whatever your issue is. And, um, uh, it just, it made sense and I'm, I'm really, really into, like, trying to be, have common sense about how I deal with my medical issues because one of the things that bothers me is no, like nobody ever told me, you know, being overweight. Yeah, they talk about, you know, your general health and your heart, but they don't talk about gut issues and you know, joint issues and all those other things. And it's like, you know, it's [PHI-Personal] I'm finally putting this all together. It
Nurse: Is amazing how much the gut is related to everything. I am so excited for you. So I have the um other PP I off your record. I have the Pepcid, also known as Famotidine 20 mg Daily. I marked it as an over the counter as opposed to a certain person prescribing it. And you also are letting me know that, you know, your triggers for GERD like the tomato products, the coffee so that you, that way you have adjusted your foods that you're consuming to the point where you're still happy, but you are avoiding those triggers and not asking for the GERD episodes,
Patient: Right? And one of the things they have in the silver fern, it's, it's um called gastrointestinal relief. So it's, and it's um the licorice without the bad flavonoids and ginger. And I find that if like something does trigger and I take an extra one of them, which is what they suggest before you go for anything like Tums or anything like that. Um It does, it does work
Nurse: Excellent and I'm really glad to hear that because there are complications to untreated GERD, meaning every time and this might be some baseline knowledge that you already have. Um Every time the acid reflux comes up, your esophagus, there's damage done to the lining, the damage starts to erode away and it can cause ulcers which can be a G I gastrointestinal bleed, not to mention painful and uncomfortable. It, every time the lining tries to repair itself, it's like a like when you cut yourself, the scar tissue is different than the regular tissue. So every time it goes to heal, those cells are different and they end up being precancerous. A lot of people talk about Barrett's esophagus then being precancerous. And um there's the other part where you have enough acid reflux, you start to then have a narrowed esophagus with the scar tissue healing and then you have problems swallowing and getting the food all the way down. Then you're into a G I doctor putting a scope down there to actually, yeah, forcefully break the adhesions. And then you end up with uh the acid reflux can actually reflux into your lungs and cause wheezing and pulmonary problems.
Patient: So, and I, and I did, I mean, I've been scoped a couple of times.
Nurse: You've been down that route? Ok.
Patient: Yeah, I've been scoped a couple of times. I, um, I, they've done the, the, the barium a long time ago and then I've been scoped and I just, I re, I saw my G I doctor in [PHI-Personal] and, you know, I'm probably due for a scope. Well, they said 10 years, which would be in four years, but I'll probably get it done sooner if the, the GERD doesn't go um, totally away, but it's better. And the, the stuff I'm taking is that is supposed to really work on healing the lining.
Nurse: And that's where I was just going with my next statement. I wanted to make sure that you were aware of the complications of not treating GERD like we just mentioned. And that's where I'm so complimenting you on being aware that you're still having little GERD breakthrough episodes, but you are treating them, you're treating them naturally as opposed to just ignoring them and bearing through them where you do end up with those extra complications. Excellent. And yes, the G I doctor when you were last in, um, said to return if symptoms continue and call and they can arrange the scoping if need. Great. Well, you're letting me know that you're very pleased with your progress that you have a very good comprehension on the negatives of the PPI I have your medical record medication list updated. And do you need me to um ask the doctor for any lab work to be done for you? About any iron studies, any magnesium levels? Do you need anything from doctor that way?
Patient: No, I have a follow up with her the end towards the end of [PHI-Personal]. So um and we had planned to do blood work then cause it would be almost the, I think a year from the last set. And um yeah, so we have, yeah, we talked about that. I just got my last refill of the BuSpar. Um but it, I have L because I'm only doing one a day and she prescribed, she said I could take from 1 to 3 a day and one seems to be good. Anything over that. I don't like how I feel on it. Um But um when I, when I see her, I'll get the, the refill for that because I don't think I'll need it before then and I wanna change pharmacies. I hate uh CV S with a passion.
Nurse: Oh I know some people really have issues with CV S. It can be um especially if you get stuck in that automatic call refill line and it's not right and they tell you your prescriptions ready and it's not, that's terrible, right? So I
Patient: Got they nag you to, to death and it's like that I feel like they try to push, like I had two things that were prescribed during an, er, visit and they kept nagging me to get that they would contact the e, the doctor who was an, er, doctor to represcribe. And it's like, no, that's not necessary, that's not appropriate. And I really felt that, that, that almost violated my privacy
Nurse: And when you're not comfortable with any situation, especially health care, you need to be your own advocate and move on. So, all right, let me ask you, am I changing the pharmacy? Well, actually it has [PHI-Personal] Aid in there right now. It has [PHI-Personal] Aid on,
Patient: On Union Deposit. No, that's where I get right. I still go, I live in Ville now, which is in [PHI-Geographic], but I still go up to [PHI-Geographic] um at least twice a week to the gym and the, the Union Deposit [PHI-Personal] Aid is right there. So, no, I'll talk to her about that. You don't need to do that.
Nurse: Great. So I won't touch the pharmacy. Excellent. And then I wanted to back up and confirm. Yes, your next office appointment with doctor is [PHI-Personal] 29th at 8 30 in the morning. And as, and that will be a nice 40 minute plus visit because you have lots of good things to talk about. Not to mention it's your annual Medicare visit where they do the extra screening, the depression screening BP screening fall risk and look at the big picture of who's following you where your vaccines are the big picture. So you're right that [PHI-Personal] 29th appointment will be a little bit longer and it's at 8 40 excuse me, 8 30 in the morning, backing up a little further. You had said your last Iron studies and maybe you can hear my [PHI-Geographic] accent there. Iron again. I was born outside of [PHI-Geographic] in [PHI-Geographic] and I'm actually this side of the east side of [PHI-Geographic], not too far from the gap area. So, but back to business here. Uh Yes, your last Iron studies were done in [PHI-Personal] of last year. So when you go in for your annual Medicare visit, it'll be like 10 months. So yes, it'll be time to repeat those. And with your Buspirone, you are so right. The doctor has documented five mg tablets. You can have up to [PHI-Personal] of them and that is, oh, can I can have it one pill up to [PHI-Personal] times a day? And you're letting me know you're currently only taking one a day more than that. You do not like how you feel correct. And I just wanted to mention if you wanna reduce it further, make sure that you are communicating with doctor [PHI-Personal] and just don't stop it altogether. Cold turkey or you might end up having a worsening mood, increased anxiety and go through withdrawal and who needs to be sweaty and nauseous and dizzy and not feel Well, so if you're definitely heading down on that dosage, the doctor will help you titrate down as opposed to stopping cold turkey. Reach out if you need any guidance before that [PHI-Personal] appointment, and I would love to touch on the fact that um you know, you have some anxiety, you know, your medicine helps you. How else do you help yourself with your coping skills? So, if you do have some anxiety getting on that cruise, what is your plan to help yourself calm down? Not let yourself escalate into a panic attack. How do you help yourself?
Patient: Well, for one thing, I am a very definite planner. So everything like I have list, I have like even to make sure I send the the directions because we're um just we're driving to [PHI-Personal]. Um So just to um you know, make sure that I have everything done on my list. I do a lot of deep breathing. Um you know, hopefully getting a good night's sleep. My sister who I'm traveling with knows that she knows that if I get, you know, she can see if I start to kind of ramp up a little bit that she can, you know, make me laugh and calm down. But I'm also, and I think this is in my records. I'm also doing a um online course called Anxiety Boot Camp by Doctor [PHI-Personal]. You don't get any feedback from it. It was 50 bucks, but I'm uh like I, again, she gave me some very definite, you know, deep breathing visualization strategies, planning. Um You know, I have list on my, my kitchen counter that I'm going through. And so I feel like I'm doing much better. Excellent that I'm not getting. Um And for me, the thing that happens is usually I get a very physical trigger like I will. And I'm also, I also exercise. I did, no, I'm not doing it today, but I exercise every single day this week. And that's another thing that's really good for me is that um I go to the pool, I did chair yoga. I did pool Pilates. I did some cardio workouts in the pool and I was in the pool every single day.
Nurse: Excellent. Excellent. And that is a wonderful answer. I did see that [PHI-Personal] documented about the anxiety boot camp and I am really glad to hear that you're benefiting from it and you were able to immediately verbalize your coping skills. Uh Part of helping yourself is knowing what to do and not only do you have a plan, but you've incorporated a back up your sister. I love it. Excellent, [PHI-Personal]. Um I'm very glad to hear that. It sounds like you know how to manage your anxiety. Um not just with some medication, but actually techniques like the slow, deep breathing, that extra oxygen really gives your brain and your heart the signals to calm down. And as your heart starts to calm down and not beat as fast. It helps your brain calm on down. Wonderful. Actually, the
Patient: Only, the only thing about this cruise, that kind of worries me. But again, II I do have a plan in place is that we're releasing my husband's ashes. Yeah. My husband, my husband died during um uh from cancer during the um pandemic and it's just I, I wanted to release, he loves the grand when we went there. So I'm gonna release his ashes right around grand. And you know, I have everything planned. He's already in my carry on because you have to carry the ashes on and you know, I have the plan. But that's again, that, that there's a little twinge there and I'm just like my sister said, you know, I'm the here, you know, if you need a good cry, have a good cry, whatever, so
Nurse: Good. And [PHI-Personal] I am so sorry about the loss of your husband. I am so very proud that you recognize that could be an emotional trigger and you've got a plan for it. And I like that you just said, have a good cry. It's OK to experience emotion. You just need to experience it and then help yourself move on, not got get stuck in it. Wonderful, great. And um I guess I really don't have very much to add to your coping uh skills and techniques because you have a wonderful array of coping skills. Everything from the slow deep breathing to help get it under control immediately. And then you have your lists and your plan to move out of that because you can only slow, deep breathe so long, you need to have a plan to get out of that and you do. And I'm really glad to hear you're exercising. Not only is exercising great to help move digestion on through and decrease GERD. And not only is it great to help reduce cholesterol levels, reduce BP and all those physical things. But exercise allows you to increase your own brain, natural endorphins to help yourself feel good. Not just marathon runners get that runner's high, but everybody that does regular exercise benefits from those brain endorphins. But you're also allowing um your brain to go elsewhere with exercise. It's a time to socialize, it's a time to enjoy nature outdoors or wherever you're doing that activity. Your brain is elsewhere, not with your stressors. So I love how you are taking the bull by your horns, how you're managing, not just your physical but your mental health care. Well, [PHI-Personal] I am so excited for you at this stage of your life with your physical and mental health. Not to mention you've got the cruise booked. Excellent. And you're leaving soon. Yeah,
Patient: Saturday. Yeah, we leave Saturday and then I come back and I go, I have another one booked in [PHI-Personal] and then another one booked in [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Excellent. I love your plans. I love bruising. Excellent. Well, you know what, it's, um, I, they had actually something on the news the other day. It wasn't like the news, news, it was like one of those other type of programs where they give different hot topics and stuff. They were talking about how great cruises are because you know what you're paying for and so much is package deal. When you're doing your own little land cruises, everything, you know, each stop is like an, a la carte type of thing. And you really aren't sure what your expenses are gonna be. Cruises all in one and they offer so much. So, on that note, you have enough medications plus more in case somehow or other, your, uh, plans get extended.
Patient: Yes, I'm, I'm good with all my medications. Um, I'm, I have all my supplements, everything packed. Um, we're cruising out of [PHI-Personal], so I don't anticipate there being any, any, you know, big issues, but I always, I'll have a couple of extra, uh, bar in my, um, in, in my bottle anyway. So there's really nothing else that I'm taking except my allergy meds, the, um, Singulair the, and I'm good with that too. So, yeah, I'm fine.
Nurse: Great. And, you know, to keep your medication in the labeled bottle. Yeah. Excellent. And you're bringing your medication list and phone numbers with you in case over the phone, you need to give us a call and doctor can always help you manage things medically over the phone if appropriate. So, and I
Patient: Have, I have everything in my phone. Like I have copies of my medical cards and I also have insurance. So if something goes awry and I have to have um you know, um medical help on the cruise there is a, a doctor there and, and I have all that like I have um like a million dollars coverage. So if there's anything that goes wrong, I don't have to worry about that. Beautiful.
Nurse: And you just answered my next question. You're aware. All cruises have some form of a medical staff, some type of an infirmary. So if you need it, seek it out great. It sounds like you are beyond prepared. You've done this before and you're ready to do it again.
Patient: This is number [PHI-Account].
Nurse: Excellent. I love it. Well, great. Um, anything on your mind that doctor or I can help you with right now, it sounds like you have things covered, but anything coming up in your mind.
Patient: Uh No, I'm good.
Nurse: Excellent. I'm here until 6 p.m. Now the office is going to close at [PHI-Personal]. I'll be here until [PHI-Account]. We're all off on Monday back Tuesday. So please give a call if anything comes up.
Patient: Well, I'll be on a cruise, so I doubt it
Nurse: If you do need medical attention. Like if something does come up and you need to speak with a provider over the weekend, you are aware to call the regular [PHI-Personal] number. The answering service will come on and they can put you through to the on call provider or they will call you back in a half an hour. So if all of a sudden something medically comes up and you need to speak with somebody Saturday, Sunday or Monday, call the office and ask for the on call provider. You're not alone.
Patient: Oh, I know. And, um, I had that situation when my husband got sick and they were awesome. So
Nurse: Good. Your past experience behooves you and I wanna give you the compliment you learn from your past experiences. Some people in one ear and out the other. You really do. Excellent, [PHI-Personal]. All right, [PHI-Personal], I better let you go or I'll keep your, keep talking and I'll make you delayed with Tuesday.
Patient: Well, thank you so much. You've been a pleasure to talk to and I'm actually getting ready as, as we chat.
Nurse: So excellent. Great. Take care. Have fun. I'll keep you and your sister and my thoughts and prayers. All right. Thanks a lot. Thank you, Deb. Bye.
