Nurse: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi. Uh this is and I received your call about care care manager.
Nurse: Yeah, let me pull your read up. Ok. Ok, there you are. Yes. So I called about the care management program and so what it is is a nurse that would give you a call to see how you're doing. If she answers any questions, refills prescriptions and she'll address any issues you're having. She could also help with appointments and lab work, stuff like that. The pro the program helps keep the doctors updated and avoids emergency room visits and all the calls the nurse makes are documented and sent to the doctor for review. Ok. They are treated as a billable service to [PHI-Personal], [PHI-Personal] Advantage plans and secondary insurance carriers and they're also subject to deductible co insurance and co pays. So you may receive a statement from the practice. So I have here you have [PHI-Personal] and Federal [PHI-Personal]. Is that still correct?
Patient: Yeah. Yeah, these are my insurance. I'm not so sure I need this one, but you can explain to me please. Well,
Nurse: Yeah, that's pretty much it. I would um, if you're ok with it I could set you up. It's around a once a month phone call. I could always extend it later, like once every other month or once every three months, something like that.
Patient: Um, yeah, I'm not so sure I need it right now because I'm very proactive with my health and I'm involved with everything. Actually, I'm right now researching what sent me to the hospital because the information I have is not complete and I'm, I'm doing a research by myself. I'm going through papers and, and people don't know about pancreatitis and, and, and I already make an appointment with the dermatologist with the, um, gastroenterologist, the dermatology. I choose the one that doctor gave me the gastroenterologist. I choose one that was involved with my care at because she already know me and I saw that there was, could be a good match, uh, because she was over part of the team that was treating me at the minute. I, I, she already knows something about me and, and I, I make these two appointments later. I will do with the cardiology. What happens. And I'm really busy because my son, we have a, a major, um, thoracic surgery on the [PHI-Personal] and I will be taking care of him. I mean, that,
Nurse: So everybody's aware of everything. Huh? Yeah.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And then, uh, I think I, I will follow with those right now and, but I'm, I'm very proud, I mean, I, I'm not only taking care of my health in, in, in what I can do. I, I mean, the stress management is something that I have to do more. Uh because I have a series of micro stresses situation that mentally I I handle but my body is doing whatever he wants to
Nurse: Do.
Patient: And, and I think I, I would like to do something like uh even this could be a question for a doctor. Uh what, which will be the best um thing I can buy for um electrocardiogram because my daughter and my son, they have watches that measure many things like sleeping, snoring, uh BP. But uh I have my um oximeter, I have my BP, um a single manometers at home. But I like also all the technology and if I can have at home and send the a phone or via email to the doctor, could be good because sometimes I'm home, but sometimes I'm sailing and I don't like to be disconnected with my physician. And, and the, the question will be for him if he can tell me which will be the best. I don't think watches will be the best. But I don't know what his experience is. There are particular small uh tools that you can use and carry with you. If you are traveling or something, they can put your finger or measure over your chest, whatever he recommends I will take in consideration because I really don't know, you, you go to Amazon or some place and there are so many choices that,
Nurse: Like, I
Patient: Don't know.
Nurse: Well, well, I'm their enrollment specialist for the program. So that's definitely something either. I would let the nurse know. But if it's not something you want right away, that's something that you might wanna call in the office and ask, like, directly in the office. Ok. But, um, if it's ok, I could send a letter out and it has all the information I went over and plus a phone number. So it, somewhere down the line that's something that you need or want. You could always give us a call. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah, that could, that could be ok. And not, not at this point because I'm really doing many things at the same time. And then actually this morning I was reading like, couple of papers, I mean, the original paper, my husband and my daughter are both scientists with access to original papers and I can read them. This is what I was doing today because I found the, there is a protein though, I mean, physician don't talk about this one but could be involved in the process of affecting the pancreas. Is a growth factor, is a protein and is a, at the same time. Oh, wow. And, yeah, I'm sorry.
Nurse: That's that, I never heard of that
Patient: Before. Me neither until I began researching and I found this one in a study in [PHI-Geographic]. And uh I knew about COVID before people you hear about COVID in surfaces because my husband brought me a, an article from [PHI-Geographic] when they make a study, how long the, the virus last on? Actually the, the SARS, the SARS virus, er, live on surfaces. Yeah. And then before everybody was talking, I was sending this information to my friend. We [PHI-Personal], uh my husband, [PHI-Personal], uh and um, also that we have at home and we pass everything that come inside the house through the, I mean, that trying to protect from COVID, I mean, we are a little stream but, but so far no complications and everybody help.
Nurse: Good. Good, good. Ok. Let me make sure your address is, is I have the right one is [PHI-Geographic] and that P [PHI-Geographic].
Patient: Correct. Correct. Are you in the office and you in the office of the
Nurse: Doctor? No, I'm not directly in the office. So that's why I was saying you might want to call directly in the office.
Patient: Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Yeah, because I have another question, but if, if you are not in the office probably, you know.
Nurse: Yeah. Ok. All right. Well, you have a good day.
Patient: Ok. Thank you. I appreciate your call and I will be evaluating but not right now. Thanks. Ok,
Nurse: Bye bye. Bye bye. Oh, my God.
