Nurse: Good morning. This is Ri.
Patient: Hey, this is [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Hey, [PHI-Personal], how are you doing?
Patient: I'm doing ok. I, uh, had that surgery Tuesday. So, uh, I was out Wednesday night, then they sent me home. But, um, let's see, Thursday, Friday, Friday was a little rough and then Saturday was, um, I, you know, but I've been walking, I'm walking about, oh, on the block, about a half a mile now. Wow. Ok. And then I just talked to, uh, at the county because I think the prep, the nurse over there and she was, um, I asked her if my brother could take me to the gym and maybe try to walk on the treadmill a little bit. She said absolutely. But don't do too much. So, uh, yeah, but overall, yeah, doing pretty good incisions are the seven pokes that they gave me in the stomach. Looks like they're healing up. I'll take the strips off of those tomorrow. So
Nurse: Good. And you're not noticing any, like redness or drainage and heat around
Patient: Them. No, no, none of that. So, so far, so good. I mean, uh, still on that liquid diet, which is ok because it's still, when I eat it's still a little sore yet. So sure.
Nurse: I'm sure it is. Oh, yeah. So, how much fluids are you able to drink right now? On the protein stage at this point? Right.
Patient: No, I'm drinking some water. I'm drinking like, 32 ounces of water a day and then I'm drinking one protein drink, which is 30 g of protein. So I'm getting my protein and they want me to get 20 in, but the premier container is 30. So if I can get, I just get that in and I'm, and like in the morning I'll have a yogurt, you know, and that seems smooth, yogurt seems to be going. Ok. So, um, overall I'm just, I think my energy level that, but I've lost, uh, like 28 lbs since my initial of weight that I had in there. So, um,
Nurse: Since like surgery day or,
Patient: Uh, since your last visit with him. Well, yeah, but not from my last visit when I, my pre, um, I was, I lost like 18 lbs before that and surgery, but just strictly on that liquid diet and clear liquid. So, yeah, I was gonna
Nurse: Say, wow, that was 28 lbs since surgery day. I was like, oh, that's a little quick.
Patient: No total of 28 good. Started at [PHI-Personal]. So, yeah, but, um, so far so good. I just gotta make sure I don't do too much at the gym.
Nurse: Definitely. Yeah, definitely listen to your body and, and take it slow, maybe even starting a little slower and then working it up.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah.
Nurse: But good with you already doing, walking around the block. I mean, hopefully that will, has already kind of increased your, um, your levels that you can do right now and once you get to the gym in a more controlled environment, it'll be even more comfortable for you.
Patient: Yeah, I think so. Well, good. I'm so happy to hear that. Yeah, and then I have um have to meet them next Monday like today and then uh I'll have to do some lab work ahead of time and then meet with take the nutritionalist and probably um the nurse practitioner I'm guessing so. Ok.
Nurse: Yeah, unfortunately I can't see the appointment on my end. Um, but yeah, good, good. I'm so glad to hear that you're doing well and you sound great.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah, everything's uh but um just looking forward to getting back to a routine so I can get a little bit of strength back, you know?
Nurse: Sure, I can understand that. Yeah. Alrighty. So the only other thing I wanted to ask you about is I know the last time that you and I talked um we talked about the medication gabapentin. Um and you said you didn't refill it because you weren't sure if it was that effective, but if
Patient: You are noticing a big I did refill it now because after I talked to. Yes. So, after I talked to the doctor, that's, that's the one, he didn't have a problem with me taking that right now. So, really, and I don't know if you know this or not, but really the only medication that I'm on right now is my gabapentin. The, um, it's like the Flomax, that one pill. Um, my, what was, I forget what it's called, but for acid reflux. Mhm. That one. And, uh, I take, you know, if I need the Ambien, he took me off all the other pills right now. So I, I guess, I don't know if that's temporary or what, but, you know, I had it, the cholesterol pill and the BP pill and all that. So, all right,
Nurse: We'll just have to follow up with that and just kind of see what happens in future appointments if he puts it in. I'm, I'm not going to take those medications off right now because we don't know if it's temporary or permanent. Um, so I'm not gonna make a note of them in the system other than just in my note. Um, and we'll just kind of follow up and we'll see what happens with it and go from there.
Patient: Yeah, because, uh, and I think starting next week I start taking that multivitamin that they give me, that they didn't give me, but they told me to get, which is a chewable and the calcium pills. So I'll I'll, I'll let you know what those are once they tell me to go ahead and start doing those.
Nurse: All right. Well, it sounds good and if you need anything or anything comes up and you have any questions about things that are going on. Don't hesitate to give me a call.
Patient: I will. Thanks for the follow up.
Nurse: You're so welcome. Enjoy the rest of your day and have a good time at the gym.
Patient: Alright, thanks. Alright, bye bye bye.
