Nurse: Care Management. This is [PHI-Personal]. Can I help
Patient: You? Yes. Hi, [PHI-Personal]. It's hi [PHI-Personal]. How are you? Pretty good. Pretty good. Good. Um, yeah, I'm calling because I think I've got it all straightened out and set up with Doctor Point's office. I have an appointment at 1 30 on Thursday and, um, they're gonna do a blood draw. Um, and I have contacted Doctor [PHI-Personal], uh, because I go there on Monday. So, and, uh, they said that they would have a paper at doctor's office for me to sign so that, uh, the lab results could be released to, uh, Doctor [PHI-Personal] at the cancer center and to Doctor [PHI-Personal], who's the, uh, endocrinologist. So, what I'm wondering is, can you contact, uh, the powers that be? And I don't know who that would be at the point just to find out? Oh, that they've got the message from Doctor [PHI-Personal]. Sure. Let me
Nurse: See here. Um, it looks like Doctor [PHI-Personal] is just ordering a calcium level, which would make sense before your Prolia shot. Ok. And they do have the order there. So, yeah, they have the order which, you know, that's, that's what they need in order to do the blood work with your other blood work. Ok. And that form is just a standard, you know, release of information form that they have at all the, all the time. Ok.
Patient: All right. Yeah. And, um, would I need an order also if, uh, I wanted the results sent to doctor for the cancer center?
Nurse: No, you would just let them know at the office that this is where you want them to go and then you would probably have to sign, I don't know if you'd have to sign one release or two, but they, they'd let you know what you needed to sign in order to send it there. Got it. Ok. Um, I would tell them in the lab, like when you get the lab work drawn that that's what you want to do.
Patient: Ok. Not out at the front desk so much. I mean,
Nurse: Either way, but at least the lab people, they might be able to put some kind of note on it too. Maybe just tell both of them, you know, just to cover all your bases. But, yeah. Yeah.
Patient: Ok. Now, my next question is to, um, like I said, the appointment is at 1 30 and one of the phone calls that I made, it said that I had to have an appointment for the lab work and she wants an A one C done. Is that a fasting A one C
Nurse: No, no, you don't fast for an A one C only for a lipid profile. And it does not look like you have any lipids ordered that day.
Patient: Ok. All right. Well, it looks
Nurse: Like they're going to do a metabolic panel. That's your blood chemistries. A TSH, that's your, um, for your thyroid. And then your A one C, which of course, is a 2 to 3 month average of your blood sugars. Ok. And then of course your calcium level from doctor [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Ok. All right. So, just, uh, go in like around one o'clock then you think. Exactly.
Nurse: And you, I mean, like, if you're physically able to fast, I mean, it's not a bad thing if you fast but you don't have to. Ok. I'm not really sure if you'd get better results on the A one C or not, but you technically don't have to fast for the A one C unless they told you
Patient: Otherwise. No. Ok. She did, she did say that's why I'm calling two days ahead of time. I just wanna make sure this is all set up and, and whatever before I go. So I have more phone calls than I would. But, uh, all right. Um, and, uh, um, I don't know if the, oh, just a minute. Um, I'm off the topiramate. Ok. Um, just so, you know, uh, medicine wise now he's given me generic, uh, version of Depakote and I haven't been taking it and I don't want to take it. That's from the neurologist. Um, it's supposed to be for my migraine headaches and also the epilepsy. But I haven't had migraine headaches in when I really, since the surgery, um, because I take the Tylenol and the topiramate was, uh, I guess it's, uh, similar to, I'll say it that way. Uh, the, just a minute, um, the symptoms there. Mhm. Oh, can I ask what that is clock or something? It was
Nurse: One of my alarms. Nothing to do with you. Sorry
Patient: About that. No, no, that's just, I was like, what is that? So, um, ok. Um, I talked to, this is totally off this subject but I talked to a woman one day. Um, and, uh, she was, uh, I can't even remember, but I said after we got all through, I said, can I ask you something? Um, I, I hear a waterfall that am I right? Or she goes? Oh, it's my [PHI-Personal] ta and I said, ok, that, that makes sense. But, so anyways my question about the topiramate, um, I do, it was, uh, similar symptoms to the cancer coming back. But [PHI-Personal] up at Doctor Ska's office said we wouldn't see that until if it was going to come back and show up. It wouldn't be until a year and a half after surgery and I'm only five months out. So, um, but being off the topiramate, my head just feels so much clearer. I, I don't feel like I'm in this fog all the time and my BP, uh, have been better than, uh, you know, the, um, they have been. So, I, I called the neurologist. He said fine, we'll switch that over to top, the topiramate over to the Depakote. And when was that, uh, just about two weeks ago this Thursday? Mhm. So, I've been off every, the topiramate and the Depakote, which I haven't started taking it, um, uh, for like 10 days or so. Hm. Ok. And, uh, I haven't had any headaches in that time and whatever. So, so what
Nurse: Are you, aren't you concerned about the epilepsy? Part of it?
Patient: No, no, it's, that was given me for the headaches, the Depakote. And, uh, well, the topiramate was also just for the headaches and, uh, no, I haven't had any, uh, seizures or really any headaches since before the surgery. Mhm. And that was [PHI-Personal]. So, like I say, I, and then I go back to see the neurologist in [PHI-Personal]. So, ok. But if
Nurse: I were you, so I will certainly would let neurology know that you're not taking what he prescribed. Ok. Ok. Ok. Just so they're, I mean, I'll definitely let doctor the point know, but she's not the prescriber. So I would definitely let neurology know that you're not taking it. Ok. Ok. Yeah.
Patient: Ok. Good. Ok, good. So, all right. I think that was all my questions for you. So, ok.
Nurse: Ok. And, uh, I'll give a little update on the medications and, um, I'll let her know you'll be there the fourth and yep, and we'll get all your blood work straightened out. Ok. Yep.
Patient: Sounds good. Thank
Nurse: You. All right. So, absolutely, you take care. Have a good day too. Bye bye. Thanks.
