Nurse: Hey, how are you
Patient: Doing? I was on the phone with, uh, with my dentist.
Nurse: It's all good. It's all good. I just wanted to touch base with you. I know last I spoke with you, I think you had just started taking the Myrbetriq and we were kind of wanted to see how that played out and just was wondering how things were coming along.
Patient: Pretty good, pretty good. But you know what I was, I, I was taking those and I still would, like, have that at night. I can know, I feel I sleep. I don't have to be going to the bathroom, but during the day it still had me doing, you know, if I have to, like, you still have me doing like I was doing before, but then I stopped that and I started back with the, uh, uh, Albu whatever they, they call it. So I feel pretty good and I don't have to be running to the bathroom every, like, every half an hour.
Nurse: Good. Good. Oh, so what are you taking now, then? Are you taking the Myrbetriq or are you taking something else in addition?
Patient: No, no, I was taking them when I was taking before? Was the Oxyco? Oh, ok.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. Um, yeah. Ok. So you switched, you switched back? Uh huh. Ok. That makes sense.
Patient: I'm hanging in there. I'm doing great.
Nurse: Ok. No, that's awesome. So, but you're having the issue? So, the, it, it's gotten better. I mean, how many times you waking up? Um, you know? Yeah. Not at all. Not at all. Oh, my gosh. Ok. Wow. Ok. Um I mean, how about, um, as far as like eat and drink and all that good stuff before bed? Um, are you, um, are you kinda cutting yourself off, you know, within like three hours beforehand, you know, the whole, the whole drill? Well,
Patient: I get ready to go to bed if I feel I just drink my water and I don't have no problem. I, I don't drink, I drink some water. Uh huh. Yeah,
Nurse: That is some good stuff. Ok. Well, I'm, I'm, I'm happy. All right. Well, like this is, this is probably like the best thing I could hear. So basically though. All right, cause usually what I would say is, you know, drink plenty of fluids during the day, especially the water. Um, 2 to 3 hours before you're going to bed limit it. But um, you know, like you, like you said, you can have water but really be careful with anything with like soda tea, coffee, anything that has caffeine cause it actually irritates the bladder. So it, it's, it's not the best. Um, yeah. And no, and you're sleeping better now too though, right? Like, you don't need a nap or anything during the day.
Patient: I, I just take a nap about maybe an hour and a half during the day before I go to pick up my, I take a little nap. Ok.
Nurse: Ok. No, that's fine. Um, what, what time do you usually take the nap around?
Patient: I use it. So I around one o'clock.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. So, and, and, and it's been good. Uh huh. Good, good. Well, that's awesome. So I would, I would tell you you're doing, you know, you're doing everything I would tell you to do because sometimes if you're sleeping poorly, one of the best things you can do is take a little nap, you know, especially if you're having trouble. But no, it's awesome. Are, are you not taking the Myrbetriq at all anymore then?
Patient: Uh, uh, uh, ok. Ok.
Nurse: That's fine. I'm gonna just take it out
Patient: And I do my walking, uh, you know, during the day when I see a lot of people like on my block, if they at one corner because the school at the other corner. So I just walk around, walk around and then I come on back in the house. Mhm. Mhm.
Nurse: Good. Good. That's awesome. So, but, so things are coming, coming along. I mean, it sounds like you're, you're doing all right. I mean, I think that was probably your biggest thing last I talked to you about was really just that, um, I mean, no headaches or nothing. I mean, that was something else we had discussed. Ok.
Patient: Oh, good thanks ma yes.
Nurse: Yes. [PHI-Personal].
Patient: I went to that doctor too. He said, um, the, uh, nurse to tell you the right thing. Take a, take a, that's what I was doing. And who,
Nurse: Who was this, who
Patient: Told you that the doctor I went to where they referred me to when I, uh, that name.
Nurse: What's the name, doctor? No. Oh, he's a sweetheart.
Patient: Yeah. He said you continue if you get, he said, but if it get real bad and you, and you can't control it, he said, call me and you make sure you call nurse and call doctor. Sure. I said, I said ok. But, yeah, yeah, no
Nurse: Problem. My desk is what, I'm not a real good for you. May. Mhm. No. No. Oh, that's amazing. Ok. Oh, gosh. Well, that's, uh, that's amazing because I know that was something, you know, I, I was, I was kind of getting worried is like, what are these, what's going on? Why are they happening? But no, that's awesome. So, I mean, yeah, and obviously important. Keep yourself well hydrated, especially this time of year. People don't think about it. But, um, if you actually have a headache, one of the very, one of the main reasons people get headaches is actually dehydration. Um, it's probably one of the most important things. So, basically, um, you know, obviously it's, it's not good for you. So, just drink water. That's your best bet. Um, water is better than any of the other stuff. I, I mean, I, I don't know. Are you a water drinker or you like, uh, a, a juice? What do you like to do
Patient: A water, a water drinker? Then I, uh, once in a while I drink that cranberry juice and that's it. Ok.
Nurse: That, that's right. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, that, that's not a huge deal. Yeah, I would say though about 30 to 50 ounces. So like 4 to 68 ounces of water. It's, that's what you wanna try and do. Um, especially in the summer because, you know, it gets a little like hot, people sweat, more people get dehydrated and it, it ain't good for anything. But, yeah, especially if you get a headache. That's one of the biggest signs that you could be dehydrated. Feeling really tired. Obviously, the normal things you're thirsty and you have a dry mouth, right? But the, the weird things people don't think about are the headaches. So try a cup of water. If you get one, see if it goes away. If not, then obviously, yeah, call doctor, call me, call doc, whatever. We'll, we'll get you squared away. That's amazing. I'm so happy. Right. Well, then I will just give you a ring sometime next month. If you have any issues let me know are you good on the rest of your meds from doc then?
Patient: Yes I am. Mhm. Awesome,
Nurse: Of course. All right I'm gonna update your meds all the rest of the same except for you and the Myrbetriq. Right. Right. Uh huh. Ok great. I'll get that updated for us so then um if any other med changes whatever you just give me a holler, right? Love. Alright, thank you. Alright, of course, have a good one. Alright, bye bye. You too. Bye
Patient: Bye.
