Nurse: Hi.
Patient: Uh, I just come, I just got out of the dentist office.
Nurse: Did you? How was the dentist?
Patient: Well, see I, to take my car off for now on,
Nurse: Uh,
Patient: But I got insurance to help.
Nurse: Um, that's, that's not a bad thing though, you know. No, get your eyes checked or you're not your eyes, your teeth checked. Oh, my God. I was just talking to someone about eyes. That's why I was stuck in my head. You got a crown put on, huh?
Patient: I, I don't know why I, I pulled, but no d to do that, you know? So
Nurse: They won't pull them.
Patient: Well, I mean, it, it's good for them but I never, the crown is gonna last long. I do. You know? So.
Nurse: Oh, wow. So, how you doing though? What have, what have you been up to?
Patient: I feel pretty good. My sister, well, my, my, uh, sister, I passed away last weekend. I went to the funeral hard on me. Oh,
Nurse: I'm sorry. But, um, she's, is she the one with that was sick?
Patient: Yeah, she's been sick. But mu can colon cancer and then brain cancer and, you know,
Nurse: She, she put up a good fight though, you know.
Patient: Well, she wanted to die at home. I told you why has took care of her home? That's what she wanted to do. So.
Nurse: Mhm. Um, I'm gonna go to your trip. I'm sorry about that though. She's in, do you feel? I mean, she's not suffering, right? No, no. You know,
Patient: They say the pastor said no more pain and no more suffering. That sounds good to me.
Nurse: Yeah. She went through a lot, you know, you got your one brother with you or you? One
Patient: Brother now? All three. My sisters died about a [PHI-Personal] or [PHI-Personal] years old. Yeah.
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. Oh, I'm sorry.
Patient: Dr [PHI-Personal], I guess.
Nurse: Yeah. Um, well, make sure you keep yourself safe, you know.
Patient: Well, I am, I, I feel better. I mean, iii, I went through it pretty good, you know, went to feel
Nurse: Because it's gonna be hard for you. I mean, it is your sister, you know? Well,
Patient: My main one. Really?
Nurse: Your main sister? Yeah. You guys were close, right? She, yeah,
Patient: She, her daughter said she's gonna look at me now. So that's good.
Nurse: She's gonna, what?
Patient: My sister's daughter said, she's gonna look after me, you know, anything I need you. So,
Nurse: Oh, that's it. Does she live around there or? Well,
Patient: She's coming up this summer. She lives in [PHI-Geographic] and she's for her mother when mother passed away. Yeah. So, [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. Right.
Nurse: Ok. Um, all right. Uh, let's see. Ok. And you saw doctor [PHI-Personal], didn't you?
Patient: Yeah, that's all gone two or three weeks ago, like there.
Nurse: Ok. Uh,
Patient: Blood tests come back. Good. I think everything come out good, I guess. Good,
Nurse: Good. And me wellness
Patient: And, yeah, it, it tested my mind, you know how that was? Yeah. So.
Nurse: Mhm. Uh, and you continue to see the psychiatrist?
Patient: Yeah. Every [PHI-Personal]. Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. Trust q [PHI-Personal]. Um,
Patient: I think I see my heart doctor. That's the end call. I see him every six months. I, I think I see him Monday. I, no. Mhm. I don't receive that call but if I, if I about six he, he comes in, you know.
Nurse: Yeah. And you see, um, yeah, I mean, you follow a psychiatrist, you see, you take Tylenol arthritis for your arthritis, right? Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Ok. Um, you had a bunch of lab work. How is that?
Patient: They said it's good. They called me and said everything turned out good. I know. Hey,
Nurse: Wonderful. I know.
Patient: I got your, I do feel, I do feel pretty good. I just can't get around but I push myself.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. They say make sure you wear your, you know, your cane is good. You know, I don't wanna see you be falling but you got your sugar checked, you got your cholesterol checked your thyroid, um, your blood count and everything.
Patient: Maybe PS A, I'm not sure.
Nurse: Yeah. You had that checked too. Had, uh, you had a cognitive function test. I'll let you know how you did on that. What did she say? Um, you scored great.
Patient: Well, I, I had to say the mark backwards. That can be the trick.
Nurse: Yeah.
Patient: She gave me 333 sentences and then she told me five minutes and you gotta remember what you, you said. Yeah.
Nurse: Mhm. Oh, I know. And you're, you know, make sure you be careful with the falls.
Patient: Yeah. Well, I'm care now.
Nurse: Um, so, yeah, definitely. Um, do you have the, you have the medical alert bracelet? Right?
Patient: I don't know. I, it, it didn't work right for me. So I, yeah.
Nurse: Mhm. You could always look into some of them on your, even on your insurance, you know,
Patient: They cover, we had to charge you every two or three days, which isn't a big deal, I guess. But I'm in, they called me two or three o'clock in the morning. I had the answer, send the in, but that's why I quit, you know.
Nurse: Well, so let's see. Um, just definitely make sure you're wearing, using your cane. It gives you better stability, um, side by side, like with your safety device, I always say, you know, um, remove any boxes or newspaper, um, electrical cords and phone cords in the hallway, um, plant stands or, or if you have a rug, I don't know. Do you have rugs in your house? That you can trip over or?
Patient: Yeah, I could take them up, I guess.
Nurse: Well, if they're not secure to the floor it's, um, it's whatever you call it. Um, you could, if they're not secure, if they're loose you could trip over them. Um, or definitely repair loose.
Patient: That's why I, yeah,
Nurse: Yeah. Ok. Repair like wooden floorboards, carpets, um, hand rails are good for, like, if you have to go up steps, very
Patient: Hand rails. I have hand [PHI-Personal], you
Nurse: Know. Really? Ok. Grab bars in the bathroom are very good too. Um, do you have that or no
Patient: One, I think.
Nurse: Yeah. Ok. That's good for in the bathroom. Um, walk in showers are good. I don't know what type of shower I use, but they're usually take a bath, a bath. Ok. Well, be careful in there too, you know. Uh lighting is good. Yeah. Uh make sure you have adequate lighting. Um place night lights in your bedroom or hallways. I mean, like I said, the cane is the cane, medical walkers and walking canes give you better stability. So that's good to use, you know.
Patient: Uh I, I do use it most time now. Can, you know,
Nurse: And I do say try to look in the medical alert bracelet just because you, you do live alone. Right? Yeah, because that could help for an emergency too. You know, if you're home alone, what happened to it, it just stopped working or?
Patient: Well, I, right. It kept going off and they got kinda up, I mean, they got upset. So, did I, about two or three times, two or four in the morning? It's kinda hard, you know.
Nurse: Mhm. Yeah. If you don't know.
Patient: Well, yeah,
Nurse: Definitely look into another one. I
Patient: Mean, I, I didn't have, that'd be good.
Nurse: Yeah. Try to ask your insurance company about
Patient: It. Well, they did cover it but I hadn't started it yet.
Nurse: Yeah. See what they say. Um, now you said that you, you have an upcoming cardiologist appointment? Monday, I think. Oh, Monday. Ok.
Patient: They usually remind me. Yeah.
Nurse: Well, it's better to get your cardiology appointment done and over with. Right. Yeah.
Patient: Well, I don't mind that, that, yeah. Yeah, they do an EKG every time. Which is right.
Nurse: Do they? Good. Yeah. Good. Um, what's that? Yeah, that's good. Um, get you all checked out for the [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. You know, um, and how about your refills?
Patient: Well, I, I got the drug store. They call the doctor. Uh, so I just called in about my Eliquis.
Nurse: Oh, I do see that was reordered today.
Patient: Yeah. Uh, no more refills. But they can check in a couple days. They usually have it a couple days. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. Looks like it was reordered today for you. That, um, so it looks like they do a pretty good job for you anyway. Well,
Patient: They, they, they all the phone, the doctor. Yeah. Do they, what do
Nurse: They do. That's not a bad thing either, you know. Yeah. So you don't have to worry about it then, right? Um, two. Ok. All right. Well, if you need anything, let us know. Ok. Hey, you're welcome. I don't
Patient: Hear from you. I'm pretty good now. I just have a little trouble walking. But,
Nurse: Yeah, just use your follow precautions, your cane. That's important, you know. And just, definitely, because COVID otherwise definitely, um, be careful out there too, you know? I don't wanna see you getting sick or anything. No, I don't
Patient: Want a good day, you know.
Nurse: No, not at all. Weather nice out there. Elmer. Well,
Patient: It's [PHI-Personal] a little bit today. Oh,
Nurse: It's [PHI-Personal] today. 30
Patient: Five degrees and [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. Oh,
Nurse: Boy, [PHI-Personal] and [PHI-Personal].
Patient: But, but if we don't like the weather out here it will change, you know?
Nurse: Yeah, I know. That's how it always goes. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Um, too. Well, like I said, if you need anything, give me a call. Um, too. Ok, thanks. Thanks.
Patient: All right. You're good to me. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. Any time, like I said, I mean, obviously I'm not here on the weekend so you gotta call the on call doctor. I'm only here until 4 30 but definitely call.
Patient: Yeah, I, like, I, like, have you call the doctor? You know?
Nurse: Yeah. You said it works out a little better for you, right?
Patient: But I think they do a good job. I have you, you know you explain things. Yeah,
Nurse: Yeah that's fine I could help you out if you need um to me just give me a call. Ok? Thanks. You're welcome and I'll have a great day and I'll talk with you soon. Ok? Alright dear take care. Bye. Alright bye.
