Nurse: Good afternoon, Mr
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. How are you?
Nurse: Well, I spent it with my kids. My husband's out on the road. So what? We actually opened our own hot shot business. What's that hotshot? Like we have a dodge ram diesel truck with a flat bed trailer and we get on, we get on load boards and we can, we can, uh, move shipments from state to state. Um, and even into [PHI-Geographic] and it's super simple, you just go into the Secretary of State and pay $100 and say I wanna start my own business and then they, they open you, they give you the paper that certifies you that day and then you get your truck and trailer and your insurance and he doesn't have his CD L or anything. He has a regular driver's license. So he's in [PHI-Geographic] right now with all that bad weather.
Patient: It, it's
Nurse: Bad out there but he's like, well, they're paying good money like, well that money is not gonna matter if you get stuck in a landslide. But you know, he's, he's pretty hard headed.
Patient: Mhm.
Nurse: How you been feeling?
Patient: I've been sick during Christmas. I came down with that real bad cold everybody's
Nurse: Getting right now. [PHI-Personal]. Oh, my,
Patient: All my sisters had it. Mhm.
Nurse: It is nasty out there right now. How are you feeling now?
Patient: But now I'm, I don't get over it. I can hear my voice coming back a little bit but my voice is coming back more and more
Nurse: Good. Yeah. Good. How your blood sugars been? Because I know whenever you're sick your blood sugar level it's been level good. They haven't been shooting up since.
Patient: No, no, it's been staying at [PHI-Geographic] 70. What? Yeah,
Nurse: Look at you. It's a miracle
Patient: Hard. I'm working hard on it because the lady wanna send me to another facility because she said my A one c too high. It
Nurse: Is really high. Yeah, that's what it was. I wanna say it was greater than 15. This last time they did it and the last year I think it was last year's that I checked, um, was only 10. So you, you've gone up quite a bit? Yeah. And with that, with it being high like that, that puts you at super, super risk for wounds on your uh huh. And wounds on your feet. And those are a nightmare to try and heal. I
Patient: Don't have wounds on my feet.
Nurse: Good. Good. You just have to make
Patient: Sure I did what told me to do because last time she checked my feet it was real, uh, like scaly. So she told me. Yeah. She said, put lotion on and put your socks on,
Nurse: Put lotion on but do not put the lotion between your toes.
Patient: She told me that she told me that.
Nurse: Ok, because it'll build up moisture and cause it to, to, um, do you hurt? Uh, I can't think of the word that I'm looking for but it'll
Patient: Cause it to open up. Yeah, it make a soap and it'd be always hurt.
Nurse: Yep. Macerated. That's the word I was looking for whenever. Like if you sit in the bath for too long, you know how your skin starts to shrivel up and get wet, it'll do, it'll do that on your toes and once that opens up, it is a nightmare to try and heal those. Ok. So check your feet every single day. What I tell people is uh good, good. Check him with the mirror if you can't see them or have somebody else check him. But I just, I really push on that uh Mr [PHI-Personal] because I, I used to be a wound care specialty nurse and, and trying to heal those diabetic sores are so hard on the patients. So just keep up with that. You sound like you're doing a really good job keeping that sugar my
Patient: Leg, I hit my leg in the room, but I don't know what I hit it on and it pulled the uh skin off it. So I'm gonna tell you what I went to doing. I got neosporin, I keep neosporin. So I put neosporin on it and I got the big bandages. I put that over it and I was keeping it clean, keeping on it on that
Nurse: Good. It heal up. That's a good thing.
Patient: Mhm.
Nurse: That's a really good thing because when that, when your blood sugar starts to go up and it's so, you, you have a lot in there, it constricts your blood vessels and it decreases the amount of oxygen that your body is getting to your arms and legs. So that's why, like, when they say, oh, it, it doesn't heal as you have slow wound healing. It's because your body is not getting the oxygen to those areas of, of skin and muscle and tissue that they need to have to stay healthy.
Patient: Yeah. I thought I was, I thought I was dying when I had that cold.
Nurse: Yeah. It's been rough this season. I, I probably talked to two or 300 people a month and probably more than half of them have been sick since the first of [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Yeah, I got it going around Christmas time.
Nurse: Yep,
Patient: Yesterday. And,
Nurse: But you're feeling good now.
Patient: Yeah. My stomach started hurting real bad yesterday. So, what I did, I went and got a bottle of water and drunk it, it still wouldn't stop. So, let me tell you what I did. I had some chicken noodle soup. That's what I ate last night. As soon as I ate that chicken noodle soup. It stopped my stomach from hurting.
Nurse: Probably not eating enough Mr [PHI-Personal].
Patient: I wasn't eating enough. I had cut back because of, I wasn't feeling good and I didn't really have appetite. I had to make myself eat.
Nurse: Yep. I have to tell people that too. If you don't wanna eat, set a timer on your phone, set a kitchen timer, you know, whatever so that you can say, ok, even if I don't want to beep, beep, beep, I gotta go get something right now. Mhm. That's what I had to do. I, when I, when I was really sick in, in [PHI-Personal] I had to set a timer for myself because I did not want to eat. I didn't want to eat anything but I had to set a timer for myself. I made a big pot of homemade chicken soup and I just, every two hours got a little bowl of it.
Patient: Mhm. Mhm.
Nurse: But I'm glad you're feeling a lot better.
Patient: I'm gonna try to get a hold of my insurance company. I want the same nurse I had last year comes out and home visit me and she do all my vital signs and everything and write this stuff down and then when I go see my primary doctor that the paperwork
Nurse: And it's through your insurance. Right. Mhm. That's what I thought. Yeah.
Patient: Good. I got the paperwork in the room but it's in my locker and my right and look
Nurse: At the mass s
Patient: I, me and my wife don't start it by communicating again. And
Nurse: You told me that, is that going, is that going good still?
Patient: Yeah, I told her we got three kids together. Why shouldn't we communicate with each other?
Nurse: That's awesome. I'm so happy for you.
Patient: Mhm. So I called her last night. Well, I sent her a text last night but I didn't mean to put right away. I did, I mean, I didn't mean to put, now, I meant to put, when you get home, call me because, uh, she working two jobs, one in the daytime, downtown [PHI-Geographic] and the other place, I don't know where she working at and I told her, I just, when she called me last night, I just want you to be careful because there's so much stuff going on when it get.
Nurse: Yeah, there is,
Patient: It is,
Nurse: It is
Patient: Just like the war here in ta you got shot down there and park during the holidays
Nurse: For what?
Patient: I don't know for what they said it was a bunch of game s down on now.
Nurse: Yeah, probably. So, it's getting crazy these days. It's getting
Patient: Crazy. What I did what I did. I put your name in my phone and you know, when I see your name pop up on my screen on my, uh, call list. I said I'm gonna holler at her and she could I get a hold to her?
Nurse: Well, I'm glad you did when I don't get a hold of you when I don't get a hold of you. I worry.
Patient: Oh ok. Don't do that. Yeah, I'm gonna do
Nurse: That to worry. I try not to worry but I care about the people that I take care of and so it, you know, if I, if I, I do sir and so I worry about you especially because you know you have the last seizure and your blood sugars, you just got a lot going on. So when I don't hear from you, it kind of makes
Patient: Me sad. And when I see my doctor again, well, you can do it find out with uh what, what, what sugar do I have?
Nurse: What do you mean like your A one C?
Patient: No, no, no, you have a one or two or you on borderline or whatever it's called.
Nurse: Um, you're I'm gonna tell you right now you're not borderline, you're up there. Um, with an A one C of 15, you are severely uncontrolled diabetic, ok? The, the number that we go off of is [PHI-Account]. So I wanna say like five point [PHI-Account] I can't remember is prediabetic and or 6.5 I'm not, I can't really remember to be honest with you, but I know [PHI-Account] anything over [PHI-Account] means that you're uncontrolled.
Patient: Ok?
Nurse: So that [PHI-Account] number, that [PHI-Account] number is, is like the where we want to be below, that's the goal number
Patient: So work on that.
Nurse: That's, that, I don't know if that answers your question or not. I don't know about the [PHI-Personal] and three. I know type one is you're born with it or you have it before a certain age and they've changed the age so many times. I don't know what it is, but it's like if you're diagnosed before the age of [PHI-Personal] it's different.
Patient: I was [PHI-Personal] years old when it hit me. I didn't know what it was.
Nurse: You'll be type two. So you have type two diabetes.
Patient: So I'm gonna work on that. I'm gonna start eating more vegetables and leave the stuff alone. I don't, well, I over did it but I'm gonna tell you straight up all the and all the cake. But my sister, my baby sister [PHI-Personal] me a cake for Christmas. A pound cake, a pound cake. She got it. Uh, she got 9, 10 restaurants. She, she home now baking for the restaurant. That's awesome. Yeah, she got, uh, contract with the restaurant. She 10 cakes for 10 different restaurants.
Nurse: That's awesome. Mhm. But tell her, I said she's amazing and I'm proud of her. It's hard to do that. It's hard to
Patient: Run your own business. I bought a book last year. All kinds of different color cakes in it. You know, you can put the full color in there and all different colors, all them different colors inside that, uh, mix, you can make all kinds of colors. It even got a red, white and [PHI-Personal] cake in the book. I saw this book. I was in Barnes and Novas looking for me a coin book because I have a lot of weak tennis, real old, weak tennis. 19 08, 1910. I found him walking down the streets one day and I picked them all up when I bought them home, put my magnified glass on the machine, the dates on them. I said, oh, I'm gonna hold on to these. Yep. So I got, I got them in a little bag by itself. I have a real piggy bank. It's made out of Plaskett and I've been, had it for so many years.
Nurse: What is it a little piggy or is it just like a little
Patient: [PHI-Personal]? Oh, I love it. I need one. Yeah. Uh, this bank, uh, I forgot the name of, but I can't call the name of it right now. They stay open [PHI-Account] days a week. What? Yeah, and that's how I got the pinky bank. Yeah. So it's clear [PHI-Personal], not dark [PHI-Personal], clear [PHI-Personal]. And I can see everything I put in it. I have, uh, 2 50 cents. I was picking up pennis one day. I was picking up pennis one day last month and the man told me to pick a penny up, he came to me and give me 50 cents and I told him, thanks. I'm standing there looking at it came back and give me 2 $5 bills. I said, thank you, sir. Oh, I, I looked up the God. I said thanks for this blessing you just gave me.
Nurse: That's right. Yeah, that's awesome. He does. He'll do it, won't he? And he knows and he knows when to do it. And just how
Patient: The second of this month I hit my birthday number on cash. Three. What? Yeah,
Nurse: Look at you. How much did you win off of it?
Patient: $[PHI-Personal]? Hey, that's better than nothing at all.
Nurse: Let me tell you, I, that's, I was saying like, that's good. I, because I, you know, I have my rules, I'll go to the casino but I only spent, I take my husband and I will go just for a date. Right. Like that's, we're just going out on a date but we'll each go in with $20. I don't, I can think of probably one time that we've come out with money but we going with $20 and the casino has bomb food. Right? So we just, we go really for the food, the Philly cheese steak sandwiches and fries and, and play a couple of games. I know. Right. They're, uh, you know, that's one thing that my husband loves about, about traveling. We just started the business this month, but he loves traveling because he gets to try all these different foods. Last night. He was in, um, he was in [PHI-Geographic] and he tried an Elk burger that they were selling at the casino and I was like, they had buffalo burger and burger. So this will try new things. But we just gotta be careful of what we're, what we're choosing and what we're putting in our body. Right?
Patient: So, for fresh vegetables. Yes.
Nurse: Good. You work on it. And when I call you again, I want to hear that you're still doing good with your sugars.
Patient: I'm gonna bring it down.
Nurse: What I'm hoping for. What I think that our company is working on is trying and we don't have it yet, but we're trying to get to where we have a glucose monitor and when you monitor your blood sugar, it'll come over to our system. We don't have it yet, but we're, I think they're working on it and I, I would be so excited to have that. You'd be the first person on my list to get it. That'd
Patient: Be good. You know what? I would like to have that new system. Now, they got that GMC. Uh I know it started with AC. You, you put it in your side uh
Nurse: Uh uh man, continuous uh continuous glucose monitoring AC GM or something like that.
Patient: Yeah, that's what it is.
Nurse: Yeah, I don't know how that gets approved through insurance, but I will sure look that up for you. I
Patient: Appreciate it. I have United [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Yes, sir. I will, but I just wanted to call and check on you and see how you were doing. I got all my chart up but wanted to check on you and make sure that I, I'm glad that you called me back, man because I've been worried tonight so I, we get off so I can finish. Huh? I'm in [PHI-Geographic].
Patient: Oh, my home. Yeah, I've been seeing y'all getting hit up there with [PHI-Geographic] too.
Nurse: Oh, wait, this is [PHI-Geographic] alley. I've been in two tornadoes already. It, it ain't nothing.
Patient: I know. They do them double mobile home. That's how things, see.
Nurse: Oh, they, they get, they get big, they get, they're big and dangerous.
Patient: I know. Yeah. Well, I pray, I pray all of them miss you.
Nurse: Well, they, they have so far as an adult I was into, as a child but as an adult so far they haven't tore nothing up. But, you know, my husband used to play semi pro football and he and I is that we're, we're, um, he played for, you would ask me, he played for the Outlaws and two other teams, but I don't remember their names but the Outlaws is who we played with the longest. It was a team here in [PHI-Geographic]. Ok. But, but he played, and so he still has his gear. So when it, when it, when the tornadoes come or when it starts hailing, he'll put on his football helmet and shoulder pads and go out and watch
Patient: Ok. My niece was married to [PHI-Personal]. He used to, he was number [PHI-Geographic] for [PHI-Geographic] Bay Buccaneer. Then when he left there, he went to the patrons and from the patrons to the coach, that was the last team he played before I busted his knee.
Nurse: Yeah, my son plays college football on a full scholarship and he just tore his AC L last [PHI-Personal]. So, yeah, been through his whole career. He's, he had he's 5th, 5th historically for most yards gained in our state. Uh has all holds all of his high school records and everything. So it it he he busted him up whenever he got hurt. So he'll be going back in [PHI-Personal] to play again but I think he's nervous but it'll be good, it'll be good. So I gotta go mister [PHI-Personal]. I I wish I could sit and talk to you all day but I'm getting hassle. So.
Patient: Ok. What
Nurse: I'm gonna let you go but, but I'm gonna call you in about two weeks, ok? Ok. All right. All right, Mr [PHI-Personal]. It's my pleasure talking to you as always and I hope you have a wonderful night, ok.
Patient: So you have a wonderful night and a safe week. Yes sir. You too
Nurse: And I will talk to you soon. Alright mister Williams. Bye bye.
