Nurse: Hey, [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hey [PHI-Personal], how you doing? I'm
Nurse: Doing good. Everything. Ok.
Patient: Yeah, we try, we tried to, I was gonna roll her in the bathroom on the, you know, on her walker and went to, went to get out of bed and turn around and sit down and just couldn't do it cause she almost fell. And I luckily I was, I caught her and she was half on the bed and half down. So I just pulled the legs back up on the bed. So now you just got, you just got to swallow it and go to the bathroom and just in. So now we uh she finally laid there and not only did she go to make a pee, she made a bowel movement. So waiting, you know, I'll give her a few minutes because I knew that was gonna happen because it happened yesterday. She took chemo, it happened yesterday. She made a bowel movement, ok? She took, she took the chemo and had to go to the bathroom, got up and fell but couldn't hold it because, and so she was sitting on the floor so she couldn't hold it. So anyway, but that's, uh, that's where we are. So, she, she's just gonna have to stay in the bed and use that depend. I don't know what else she gonna do. I'm gonna have to buy some, some pads for the bed and,
Nurse: Yeah, they do. They make some really good thick pads
Patient: Too. Mhm. Yeah, I'm gonna have to get some of them, um, throw the throwaway ones because I think they make the throwaway and the ones you can wash. Mhm. So I wanna get the throw away one you can just throw away. But the, the word that I was looking for was aggressive treatment.
Nurse: Ok. Got
Patient: You. Yeah, it has to be, you know, no aggressive treatment and chemo is like an aggressive treatment, I think. Ok. So, yeah. Yeah. So, like I said, I'm gonna try to wait until after [PHI-Personal] to see what the, uh, CT Scan shows. Hm, because, um, three months is, she's been taking chemo since [PHI-Personal]. So [PHI-Personal] July August [PHI-Personal] will be three months. So they're gonna do ac T scan from there. So that, that's where we are. We got you. Ok with the hospice fees that I was talking about. I just, so, yeah, I decided yesterday just to call to see because, um, Doctor [PHI-Personal] says she's a candidate for the hospice. Yeah, just
Nurse: Not on the
Patient: Chemo. Yeah, she just, I think she has to be off the chemo because I guess that's call it call it an aggressive treatment.
Nurse: Yeah, because you're trying to treat something versus stopping all treatment, only manage pain. Mhm. And so, because that's kind of what, you know, hospice does, it's, it's pain control, you know, making sure they're not in pain but you're not taking anything else.
Patient: Right. Right. So, so that, I guess, uh, according to, you know, talking, even talking about coming the decision after [PHI-Personal], basically be up to us if it's, the treatments are not doing any good, whether we want to stop it or what, what do we wanna do? So, so that's, that's where we are. Yes, that's, that's where we are. So. But, um, ok. Yeah. Oh, yeah,
Nurse: I'm trying but I, I hate it when my mind goes. So like I had something right there and then it disappears. Ok, here. Where did you go? Let's see. Ok. Yeah. So we'll just keep tabs on that, you know, any changes or whatnot, call me. So I can try to help in any way. Of course. But let's see. At least she didn't fall this time. You had her?
Patient: Oh, no, we're not, we're not, no falls today because I told her if you fall, you have to down on the floor until somebody come, I'm not calling, I'm not calling the ambulance service anymore because it was, it's $275 every time I call them. Mhm. Yeah, you could get that. So. Yes.
Nurse: Yeah. Well, I mean, yeah, I mean, if you look, if she looks like she's injured, definitely call the ambulance.
Patient: Oh, yeah. If she looks like she's injured but just, just, you know, yeah, if you can tell
Nurse: There's bruising a broken bone, you know, even if it's a slight bump. No, but if you, if it's looks like she hit her head hard, even though there's nothing visible at that moment, I would still call for that because your head trauma can be. So,
Patient: It, well, that's like last Friday, you know, she fell in the bathroom. Did I tell you about that?
Nurse: Last Friday bathroom? Probably.
Patient: Yes. Yeah, she fell and, and the walker was on top of her. Yes. Yes, she did. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, I had to call them. So. But, uh, but yeah, she's, um, you know, and, and family keeps saying, you know, unless it's absolutely 100% necessary, she will not go in a home. That's, that is, um, that's a month. We, we will not put her in a home, but if we have to, we will do that.
Nurse: Yeah. Um, home, you know, nursing homes can be, can have a bad rep. You know, there are great ones out there though. Like they are really good ones out there, but definitely know your limit. Of course, you know, if it, it's hard for you getting care at home, the falls increase, the confusion increases. Any, just unders I, I want you to even though you don't want to, if you get to a point, things are getting worse and you're, you know, getting more stressed, more anxious, more burnt out, you know, it doesn't hurt to shop around to see if there is a facility that would be good for you and her because there are great ones there. So, I want you to be able to focus on your, what mental [PHI-Geographic] and physical [PHI-Geographic]
Patient: As well too. Yeah. Yeah, I understand. Yeah, I understand what you're saying. So I gotta take care of you
Nurse: Too.
Patient: Yeah. Well it it will become, listen, did you find a note from doctor about the SEROquel? I I
Nurse: Didn't I that like that is nowhere in there. Um and I asked [PHI-Personal] the girl you talked to yesterday if maybe that provider called her but she didn't. The only thing that I see in here. Mhm. Is scroll scroll scroll. It was a home [PHI-Geographic] document of course. And so the only thing that says is order description, I certify that this patient is confined to his or her home and needs intermit intermediate skilled nursing care, physical therapy and or speech therapy or continues to need occupational therapy. The patient under is under my care. I've authorized services with periodically reviews um and you, you know, had a face to face encounter [PHI-Geographic] care as well. But that's, that's it. There's nothing about SEROquel on here at. Oh,
Patient: Is that from doctor?
Nurse: It's from home [PHI-Geographic].
Patient: We, yeah, we continued, discontinued, they stopped. They're not coming anymore.
Nurse: Ok. So as far as the, uh, the
Patient: SEROquel would have been doctor on that Friday.
Nurse: Yes, there's
Patient: Nothing. And, ok, uh, she was supposed to also, I said if you can't get a hold of, uh, he was supposed to call as well. So I don't know if she called.
Nurse: Ok, let me look. Um, let me ask her. Actually did crap. How do you spell her name? Let's see.
Patient: I'm trying to think of how do you
Nurse: Spell it? I don't wanna misspell
Patient: It, [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Ok. Did calling
Patient: You have a good day? Ok. [PHI-Personal]
Nurse: Contact you yesterday in regards.
Patient: Ok. Possibly
Nurse: Start. I can't spell possibly. How horrible is that? SEROquel? Did she mention
Patient: A dosage? 12.5? I think I'm trying to get to the um to the notes now on the portal. Ok. Mm.
Nurse: Mhm.
Patient: Mm. I tell you I get to this page and I have a hard time trying to find um Doctor [PHI-Personal] note. Tell you.
Nurse: Yeah, I wish her notes would come over, you know, on our side a minute but it does
Patient: Not. Oh, it doesn't.
Nurse: No, it don't at all. I told her she could probably fax like everything over but I don't, it doesn't seem
Patient: Like that that happen. So I gotta remember what, what is under I remember um where is the notes at scheduled an appointment? Routine? [PHI-Personal] her name is [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal] Hazel o'brien. Yeah, there it is.
Nurse: That name. It's a long name.
Patient: Uh huh. But it's, it's there the baby too. Oh, ok. Here we are. She acts that, uh, I told you, SEROquel 12.5, 2, 12.5.
Nurse: So she take 2, 12.5.
Patient: No, she's, uh, uh, doctor was gonna ask doctor [PHI-Personal] to prescribe SEROquel 12.5 at bedtime. Call me. So I don't know if he got that message from her or not, but she said she had that. Mhm. She said that he, she said that, uh, she reached out on Friday but the, the office was closed and she was gonna call back on Monday. So I don't know if she did
Nurse: Out Friday, but
Patient: Office was closed and
Nurse: She would try again yesterday. Ok. So I sent that to [PHI-Personal]. So we'll see what says, um, let's see. Went to, I, I had wanted to mention when you are helping your mama move around or whatnot. Do you, you use pretty good body mechanics, right? So, you don't hurt
Patient: Yourself? Yeah, I try to. Mhm. Yeah. Use
Nurse: A lot of leg. Don't, don't do back and use leg.
Patient: Yeah. Well, when she falls anymore, I, I don't pick her up because I, I do have a bad back. I, unless I, if she falls and she's able to, she used to be able to, wherever she was to crawl to a position where I could get her in a chair, like her recliner. Mhm. I, I used to be able to get her into the recliner but she's not even, she's so weak anymore in her body part. So she can't even crawl. It takes two people to get her up. Yeah, anymore. Because of the weakness. So I don't even try anymore. And when I do, like, yesterday, when she, um, I saw that my daughter was here so my daughter kinda put herself in front of her and walked with her to a certain, you know, a G that would help too. Mhm Getting down and she
Nurse: Can have that the way you can wrap it around her hips. And that's what you help. Hold on to as y'all move. But even with your daughter, make sure, you know, she always keeps a sturdy like, you know, face of support, her body is functionally stable and make sure when she's [PHI-Personal] or helping she keeps your momma close be knees, never use that back because
Patient: Yeah, like
Nurse: [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Well, we both have bad backs so we don't lift so she fall. So we we caught like my son, my grandson came yesterday with his friend and so they kind of locked their arms underneath her arms and lift her and me and my daughter lifted her legs. Ok. So that's how we got her in bed because she's still like 100 and 80 some pounds. Yeah. And so we literally the other thing I wanted to tell you, I, I, we ran out of um Lantus so I haven't taken her sugar in about a week or so. So I'm waiting for the Lantus. Should be here today. They said these test. Ok. So I haven't really taken and she hasn't been taking any insulin, um, cause I don't have any lances or anything to test her sugar. And so I just been waiting for those. So, and doctor said he wasn't really too concerned about it. Ok. So, so I just wanted to let you know that and what else I need to tell you about? Um that that is about I guess all ok. Do you need
Nurse: Any refills? I'm sure she's fine. Probably right now we stay on her, you stay on top of her pretty good.
Patient: Yeah, she's pretty good. Um No, I don't need any refills for anything. Um The oxyCODONE is a half a dose so she very rarely takes five mg. I have lots of that. I have lots of, yeah, we're fine. We're fine. We're OK. So and and she was supposed to go to the oncologist yesterday. I meant to tell you that but um I wasn't too comfortable taking her out with the falling. So I called that in her, the social worker. Well, his secretary is working on getting someone to come in and take her blood work cause you know he looks at the blood work every two weeks to see where she is. And so I, I haven't heard back from her but she's on my list to call today. Ok. Go visit an angel call. Doctor. S,
Nurse: Yeah, kind of got a few phone calls to make today, don't
Patient: You? Yeah. Um, so, but that's where she is? Ok. Yeah.
Nurse: Good deal. Do you need medicine?
Patient: Refills? I don't know. Ok. So, so I will call, I will call and, but I don't think so. I think I'm fine. Ok.
Nurse: Sounds good. Well, if anything comes up or changes before we talk, you know, either Monday or Tuesday next week, of course, just call and let me know, but I'll be calling you back either next Monday or Tuesday unless I need to tell you something too.
Patient: Ok. All right, then, well, if he decides to give it a, um, if he decides to give her the SEROquel, let me know because, I mean, she is like, even though we were in the room, like she talks, I mean, she's, it's like yesterday I thought she was asleep because she was snoring when I went downstairs to have breakfast and next thing I knew she was on the floor. Ok.
Nurse: Ok. So I
Patient: Will, so that, you know, because she's up, she's up all night. I mean, she has, she actually has diners, I believe because she could be up all night and any time come, she goes to sleep, she definitely probably does that, that, um, doctor also mentioned that she might have a little bit of dementia. Yeah I can see that too. Mhm. So don't to tell you that. All right let me go gotta change your diaper.
Nurse: Alrighty if you need me call me.
Patient: All right bye bye bye.
