Nurse: Hello and thank you for calling [PHI-Geographic] at 12 05, River Avenue port. If you're calling with a life threatening medical emergency, please hang up and dial 911 immediately or go to the nearest emergency room. Otherwise, please choose from one of the following options for prescription refills for doctor and associates. Please press
Patient: Three, ask for 48 hours notice when you need a refill at FPC. We offer evening and weekend hours at several locations and we have providers on call 24 7 call to the emergency room for non emergent acute care need. We're here when you need us. It's not too soon to schedule back to school physicals, sports, physicals and immunizations. Pennsylvania law requires physical exams for all students entering kindergarten, sixth grade and 11th grade as well as for participation in pia sports. Let us know if you'd like to schedule an appointment for your child's school or sports physical for the upcoming school year. Yeah, I, yeah, patient satisfaction is a top priority at FPC. After an appointment with, you may receive an email survey and or a text message about your visit, whether you feel we've done a great job or you feel we can do something to improve your experience. Please let us know we care what you think. Bye. Ok. Family practice centers, secure patient portal enables you to communicate electronically with your health care providers and staff. You can request medication refills and appointments. View, lab results, manage billing statements and more. Ask us how you can set up a patient portal account. Yeah. Huh. Uh This year Family Practice Center turns 50 CPS turns 40. It has been our pleasure and privilege to serve our patients over the years and we look forward to serving our communities for many years to come. Thank you for choosing FPC and CPS for your primary health care and physical therapy needs. Um ok. Yeah. For more information about family practice centers, health care providers, locations and services. Visit our website at FPC doctors dot com. Yeah. If you're experiencing a potentially life threatening medical problem, please hang up and call 911 immediately. Oh, I
