Nurse: Good afternoon. This is [PHI-Personal]. Can I help you?
Patient: [PHI-Personal] cow she's still here.
Nurse: I am still here. I did not get blown away.
Patient: Good good. I was worried about
Nurse: You. Oh thanks.
Patient: So what you need a million dollars
Nurse: Honey. If I found it, I'd share it. Alright,
Patient: Perfect. I'll do the same then it's a deal. Perfect. Um I need refills.
Nurse: Ok? Um you need on both the meds. Do you need anything else?
Patient: I just need my um Adderall. Everything else looks good. I didn't you know um I didn't uh my cough went away. Ok? That we the reason they took me off of the um um uh BP meds so I don't know if she wanted to tell you something else.
Nurse: Ok. So I will let her know your cough is away. Um did it clear up pretty soon after that?
Patient: It took about a week, week and a half, something
Nurse: Like that. Yeah,
Patient: But relatively quickly.
Nurse: Ok. Got you. Um let me look right here. I'll send a note over to see if she wants to try. Have you been checking your BP?
Patient: Don't yell at me.
Nurse: Oh sugar you have got to start.
Patient: I am going, I, I am going to buy a BP cuff today.
Nurse: Perfect. All right. So here's what we're, here's what we're gonna do. I am not, I want you to check your blood pressures for about what is this? When is the first, how many days away is that
Patient: Next Monday or Wednesday? Tuesday? Because Wednesday is my birthday.
Nurse: Oh the second of [PHI-Personal] baby. Um ok. So on Monday, [PHI-Personal] the first I want you to call me and tell me what your readings are. Ok. And then we're going to know if that's a yes or a no. You know what we need to do because I'm going to send your readings to her, let her know that, you know, your BP medicine was stopped and you've been off of it a month now, right?
Patient: Something like that. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. Ok. So then as long as it's good, she's probably gonna say no, but we'll see what happens. So call me with those BP readings. I'm gonna send in your, um, yeah, that thing, your refills and, um, we'll go from there. So remember [PHI-Personal] the first I'm going to
Patient: Get, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, um, uh, I'll get the BP cuff and I'll take it what twi I'll probably take it twice a day. Yeah.
Nurse: Usually first thing in the morning and then just sometime throughout the day, you know, whatever activity you're doing or whatever you come in. Check it because that's gonna tell us what it is when you've rested and what it is when you're up doing something.
Patient: Ok? That's what I'll do then until mid day I alright. Thank you so much. Good good to hear your
Nurse: Voice. You you make my day my day has been made now.
Patient: Good good mission accomplished.
Nurse: Perfect I ma we'll talk soon. Ok? Oh
Patient: I know I know what else I wanted to talk to you about. Um, I had been calling in but I don't remember, I can't remember the girl's name that I talked to where you were at. Um, I started meeting. Yes. Yes. That's who it was. Um, I started meeting with the psychologist last week. So perfect. And I just had my second appointment this morning and it's great.
Nurse: Oh, you know what, I'm so proud of you. That's a big step. Big.
Patient: Well, well, my, uh, my girlfriend broke up with me about three weeks ago and she's been asking me to go talk to somebody. And so I wish it wouldn't have been that way that I started doing it, but that's what happened.
Nurse: So. Mhm. Well, you know what the next girl you get, you'll be ready.
Patient: Well, I'm hoping it's the same one. How's that? Yes,
Nurse: That's the way to
Patient: Do it. May maybe just doing some little more self work will, will fix.
Nurse: Right? Because you know what? You can't help somebody until you're helped. So, you've done you have done the first step and the first step is to mit that you need to go and that's a big step. And then actually going, there's your second step. So you're well on your way. But you know what, I don't want you to be discouraged that as you go through this, that maybe it dawns on you that maybe she wasn't right for you all along.
Patient: No, I'm not. I, I haven't put that out of my mind, you know, that's, you know, I I'm not focused on, I'm focused on becoming a better me. Absolutely. If she's there at the end of the journey. Great. If she's not, then I have to live with that too. Yeah.
Nurse: Well then you, you're gonna know that that's not really what she was after, right? So I'm proud of you, man. You keep it going. Ok? Um
Patient: I'm gonna try
Nurse: And you are doing that. Um I'm gonna have, we have people that's called enrollment specialist because you're with the psycho, the with the psychologist, right? Because you're doing that, we're gonna put you on behavioral health that way when I talk to you, if there's things that's happening or whatever, you know, there'll be things on there that we can go over. Oh, ok. Ok. Alrighty. So somebody will be calling you when they call you, they'll just say, you know, can we can we put you for just tell them? Yeah, [PHI-Personal] already told me all about it.
Patient: Alrighty. Alright love we talk to you bet. Bye bye bye.
