Nurse: [PHI-Geographic]. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal]. How are you? I'm
Nurse: Good. How are you?
Patient: I'm ok. Yeah. Um, I was gonna call you anyways. I, I did, uh, cut the [PHI-Personal] mg of, um, of the amitriptyline in half, but I'm still, like, taking half because I've been experiencing more pain. So I'm just kind of staying on a half of one right now. Ok. So, I don't know if I wanna get off completely or not yet.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. Ok. So, let's see.
Patient: I mean, she doesn't have to stop prescribing it to me right now. So I figure out what I'm doing, you know?
Nurse: Mhm. Ok. So you're still taking the half a dose of the amitriptyline and then, um, are you still doing the CBD gummies? Yeah. Ok.
Patient: And I, I don't feel, I don't feel bad in the mornings either. So I, I know I'm wondering too if I, because I was like taking the Melatonin too, so I kind of stopped doing that. I stopped that for now.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: Maybe it was just a combination of everything. I don't know.
Nurse: Could be, um, so since you stopped the Melatonin, but you're still taking the CB Gummies, the amitriptyline and your gabapentin.
Patient: Yeah. The tan when I need
Nurse: It. Ok. And so you don't have that fatigue or feeling tired throughout the day? Ok.
Patient: Yeah, I was just talking to my chiropractor about this and I get advance when I get, if I would, I mean, the people stay at a certain period in the degeneration or do they always go to advance or how does that work? Because, you know, they said that when you go to advance degeneration that you don't have to, you know, chiropractor can't help anymore. So, like I said something to them and they were like, well, if that happened, you know, they said you just wouldn't be able to lift you, you would know, you know, but I mean, just sometimes that people just stay a certain way and don't get any worse or,
Nurse: Yeah, I mean, so it depends on your treatment, you know, physical therapy, going to the chiropractor. Um, you know, and if you're able to treat the inflammation which causes the, the breakdown between your joints and then your spine, you know, if you're able to prevent that, you know, then that can put off the like advanced degeneration in your spine and your joints and such. Um so that, you know, adding more vitamins, minerals, vitamin D calcium, you know, to your diet that would definitely help um kind of put that off, you know, so if you're able to strengthen your bones. Because when you have that breakdown in your spine, then your hips are carrying extra weight, you know, they're taking on the extra weight and that your spine can't handle. And so when your hips take on that extra weight, then so does your, so do your knees and so do your feet. And so it's kind of, you know, from either the top down or the bottom up, you know, wherever that breakdown is those extra joints or your joints are taking on the extra work, uh which then can degenerate those joints. Uh So if we're able to, you know, prevent further breakdown with diet exercise, um you know, supplements, you know, you may be able to put that off. Um
Patient: Well, I'm not taking calcium, maybe I should take my calcium. I don't know, I'm taking vitamin D but not calcium.
Nurse: Yeah. So with vitamin D to get like the most absorption of the vitamin D, you should add calcium as well because the vitamin D needs calcium to be absorbed.
Patient: What kind of calcium is calcium?
Nurse: Well, you can start with like a low dose over the counter. Um, or look for a vitamin D that has calcium in it. I think the most would be like 300 mg of calcium.
Patient: Ok. Well, I know there's calcium citrate out there, so I don't know which, which one's better. Um I go there
Nurse: And I can definitely ask [PHI-Personal] if she has a preference of, you know, a dosage and such that would work well with your vitamin D. So I'll go ahead and I'll send her a message just so we're clear and then, you know, that would definitely help seamless diet exercise. You, you know, are you doing physical therapy?
Patient: No chi chiropractor. But I, I walk, I've been walking so nice the weather. But. Mhm.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah. So we'll find out and then I'll give you a call back either maybe this afternoon or, you know, Monday depending on. And then, um, I'll also send you some information in the mail that will have, you know, some diet tips that, you know, fruits and vegetables that are high in vitamin D and calcium and such. Um, so that way you can add them to your diet as well. Ok. Ok. Ok. So I'll go ahead and I'll send her that message and then, um, I'll also let her know that your headaches and such have improved. Um, you know, and that you're taking the half a dose of the amitriptyline and you're not feeling as fatigued since you discontinued the, the Melatonin.
Patient: Yeah. I don't know. I mean, I, I've been having more pain but I think I said, I didn't know I was kind of debating about going back to [PHI-Personal] again, but I'm gonna stay at five for right now until maybe that'll go away. I don't know.
Nurse: Um, do the CBD gummies make you tired throughout the day. Like, have you tried taking a CBD gummy during the day?
Patient: No, I just take them at night.
Nurse: Ok. Ok.
Patient: I take Advil, you know, I take Advil fine. Do you
Nurse: Know? Mhm. Ok.
Patient: And then I take Advil Tylenol together one before I go to bed.
Nurse: Mhm. Ok. And see here I was just looking to see if there was anything about your kidneys, um, or acid reflux because for our kidneys it's suggested, you know, avoid Ibuprofen and then, um, which can be the Advil or Aleve. Um, so I just wanted to make sure and how is your like, acid reflux or heartburn since you've been taking the Advil?
Patient: I build my bo I believe that I can't take because it upsets my stomach.
Nurse: Mhm. Ok. Ok. All right. So Tylenol and then, you know, again, I'll, I'll just ask her what she thinks for vitamin C, vitamin
Patient: D, you mean? Right.
Nurse: Yeah. Sorry. Vitamin D with calcium, calcium. Yeah. Ok. Yeah. And just keep an eye on your pain. Um, you know, and if you feel like it's related to going down to half a dose of the amitriptyline, we can always discuss that like your next appointment or, you know, whenever to see if we need to, you know, go back up to the full tablet.
Patient: Yeah, I'm also taking magnesium but they said that's good for migraines, but I didn't take one of those. So I don't know if I should have that or not?
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: Well, I mean, the magnesium help with migraines I heard, but it could be caused by something else, I'm sure too.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. See, like I had migraines for the longest time and mine were always, um, more so like hormonal. Um, you know, so sometimes that plays a, a huge part in it, you know, or, or, um, family history, you know, hereditary. So, you know, just keep that in mind and, you know, kind of track your, your migraines if there is, you know, is it the weather, is it a certain time of the month, like, you know, when it's sunny out or when it's raining, you know, that can be triggered really by anything. So just keep that in mind. Um So, yeah,
Patient: So this is hormonal then what do you take? Because I felt like mine got stronger when I hit menopause and then some people say they go away when they hit menopause. So, I mean, what do you do when you do a hormonal? I didn't wanna take hormone medicine or therapy or whatever.
Nurse: Yeah. So my arm was mostly centered around um you know, like birth control. And so when I stopped, you know, we stopped using birth control, my migraines went away. Oh Yeah. So that would be like an increase in estrogen or progesterone, you know, the different hormones that, you know, our body and, and uh reproductive system generally make. So, you know, and that's something else, you know, maybe we need to look into that and see, you know, since menopause how or because you said you did, you went through menopause, correct? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So we can also, you know, maybe we need to check your, your hormone levels. Like, are they elevated, are they too low? So you can always just mention that as well.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: Ok. All right. Um, so, yeah. So as soon as I talk to her and I get a, an idea of the vitamin D and the calcium and you know, and your migraines and such, I'll give you a call and again, it that could be either this afternoon or maybe Monday at the very latest. Ok. Ok. All right. Well, thank you so much. You're welcome. Do you have any other questions today? No, no, no. Ok. All right, if you need anything, let me know. All right, thank you, Ly. You're welcome. Bye bye. Alright, bye bye.
