Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal] with the care management team. How can I help you?
Patient: Hi [PHI-Personal], this is [PHI-Personal] Shade. Oh [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Thank you for getting back to me so quickly. How are you doing today? All right, good. Um I was calling just to go over information with you about the new program. Doctor is offering for both you and [PHI-Personal]. Do you have a couple of minutes? Yes. Alright, great. Uh Dy, the call is recorded for quality purposes. Ok. Ok. Uh it's a new care management program and that's just where our nurse is gonna call and check in with you both to see how you're doing in between office visits. Uh She's gonna go over your full medical health with you answering any questions addressing any issues or concerns that either of you might be having at the time. Uh She'll also go over any medications if you're taking any. So if you had questions about those or if you needed refills, uh she's gonna make sure your medications are working the way that they should be and that your conditions aren't worsening. Um, and then if you had any questions or needed help with like appointments, labs, community resources. Those are just some of the things that your nurse will discuss with you during the phone call. Ok. Now, I do wanna let you know [PHI-Personal] that the service is considered to be an office visit. And so it's available to Medicare and Medicare Advantage plans and secondary insurance carriers. Uh it's subject to co insurances and deductibles and co payments. So when you do have contact with your dedicated nurse, you may get a statement from the practice for this service. Now you do get to choose how often your nurse calls you. So if you'd like her to call you once a month or maybe once every three months or six months or even just once a year, that's up to you. Uh I'm gonna mail you a letter to the program. It'll have your nurses contact information in there. So that way you're able to call her with any questions or concerns also. Ok. Ok. Now I just wanna confirm the information we have for you is still the same. Ok. Uh We have the mailing address still as po [PHI-Geographic] 22 46 East Main Street, Sacramento P A [PHI-Geographic]. Yeah. And ok. And then we have the insurance uh for you both as still as Medicare, Pa A and Mutual of Omaha. Yes. Ok, great. And [PHI-Personal], do you prefer for your nurse to call you in the mornings or in the afternoons?
Patient: It in the afternoon afternoon.
Nurse: Ok. All right then [PHI-Personal], you guys are all set. I hope you both have a great day and stay safe,
Patient: You stay safe and you wanna change that billing address or the mailing address to just po [PHI-Geographic]
Nurse: This po [PHI-Geographic]. Ok. Alrighty I will fix that then.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: Alright, [PHI-Personal]. Well you have a great day and take care. Ok? Thank you. Bye bye
Patient: Bye.
