Nurse: Good morning. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: This is, I was just trying to find out when do I come to you? Is that MS [PHI-Personal]? I don't know how to pronounce her name.
Nurse: Ok. That's [PHI-Personal]. Let's look and see here for you. Let me get you pulled up here. Ok. How are you this morning?
Patient: All
Nurse: Right. And you? Oh, it's still morning time. So I'm trying to, trying to work myself up, but I'm doing good. That's great. It's Monday. I always hate for the weekend to be over, you know. Mhm. But when you love your job, it's easy right here we go. Let's look and see. So it lo looks like your appointment is tomorrow with [PHI-Personal] at, uh, at 1 15.
Patient: And, um, I'll probably have to get a little earlier than that because I have to wait on these buses.
Nurse: I hear that. I hear that they're, it takes a long time. It
Patient: Takes a long time so I probably leave a little early to get them. Ok, that sounds good. What I was trying to find out when I did my labs. Can you tell me what was going on with it?
Nurse: Yeah. Let me see if your results have been released yet. Ok, bye. Give me just a second here. We'll look.
Patient: Oh, I can wait. All right, I took it on the [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Ok, I see here. Ok. So it looks like your kidney, it says let's see. Appointment [PHI-Account]. Um, as far as your kidney function, it says kidney function is slightly worse, otherwise stable from previous. She has appointment on [PHI-Account]. Um, and I believe she'll talk to you at the appointment about that.
Patient: You said my kidneys was worse,
Nurse: Kidney function is slightly worse. What? Um, that's really all she said about all the labs that you did. Looks like your looking here, your hemoglobin and hematocrit were down just a little bit. Um, nothing concerning but was down a little bit from normal. Normal is on one of them, normal is 11.1 to 15.9. And you were 10.9. So you were just below that mark. Um, and that's your, like your red blood count. My blood count
Patient: Low too.
Nurse: It's not that low.
Patient: I wanna, you can, I don't know what, I don't know. Uh,
Nurse: She'll, and she can go over all of these with you tomorrow at your appointment too. She will.
Patient: Mhm. But I was just wanted to ask you some, uh, you, you know, what would make your kidneys worse like that? I don't know what I'm doing for them to get like that.
Nurse: Um, are you, uh, to be honest with you, MS [PHI-Personal], it could be a ton of things just, just being completely honest with you. Um, it could be that you're not drinking enough water. It could be that you're drinking too much water. It could be the medications that you're taking, doing more damage to your kidneys. It could be things that you're eating. Uh, it's just, it can be a lot of, there can be a lot of factors in that. Um, but, you know, [PHI-Personal] knows your labs way better than I do to be honest with you. Um, so I would definitely ask her that, but the kidneys can, the kidneys can be tricky sometimes and sometimes it's from dehydration if you're not getting enough water.
Patient: Well, iii, I, well, I drink some sodas every now and then and, and sometimes, and, ah, I know I need to drink a whole lot of water and stuff like that. I have been trying to do that but I, I'm going, I'm going, I'm doing that, drinking a lot of water and needles, sodas and things alone.
Nurse: Yeah, that's, that's gonna be the best thing.
Patient: Yeah, that's what I was really worried about my kidneys and things. I don't, I mean, when you say worse, boy, that made me
Nurse: Nervous and it says a little worse, slightly worse is what it says. So, just make sure that you're staying really hydrated. If you're having any urinary tract issues that can that can cause it, um, make sure that you're, you know, wiping really good from front to back, that you're washing your hands really good. Um, I tell people a lot of times to when you're, when you get out of the shower or even in, in the shower, if you use a wash rag, don't use a dark color. And whenever you get out of the shower, if you, when you use your towel to dry off with, try not to use a dark color if you have light colors available because sometimes that the density of that dye and the stuff that's in that dye of the colors can cause a urinary tract infection. So little things like that. Mm. That can help too
Patient: Well. Well, I know, I know you're not, not my doctor but well is any kind of way they can get better or what?
Nurse: You'll have to talk to [PHI-Personal] about that because I know everybody's situation is different. There's in many situations, there is possibilities for it to get better but that's in some cases. Mhm. So yeah, you'll need to, to speak with [PHI-Personal] about that because I don't know your complete kidney history. Just to be honest with you. And I don't wanna give you any misleading information.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: Wow. So I, I know that diet just in general not speaking solely for the kidneys, but diet has a huge effect on your body, right? So if you, if you're uh just, just as an example, the heart muscle, right? If your heart is not in the shape that it needs to be in, it's not sending oxygen and blood to your kidneys as well as it needs to, right? Cause it's not functioning properly or at 100%. And a lot of things that can contribute to that is your diet. What are you eating? Are you eating things that are high in fat? Are you eating things that are not healthy for your heart? Things high in sodium, stuff like that. Those things can contribute to your kidney disease if you're not eating properly. Also, also, you know, diabetics, that's a big part of it too when you're a diabetic, when you're a diabetic, if your diabetes is not controlled and that, that could very well be the cause of the worsening kidney levels is that if you're a diabetic and your sugars are not controlled that affects your kidneys,
Patient: Oh my God.
Nurse: And your heart. So it's very important for you to make sure that you're keeping those sugars under control because if your sugars are not under control and you're just eating whatever you want and you're not taking care of that aspect of your health, it, it will damage your kidneys in your eyes and your legs and it's, it's diabetes affects way more than just, uh, your sugar levels. Mhm.
Patient: But you don't see nothing about my sugar levels. Nothing. Nothing like that. Right.
Nurse: Uh, let me see here.
Patient: I know, I just, I just, I know I get there early tomorrow so we can talk. So, I don't know my kid.
Nurse: So I don't know what it was. The last time you did. Your A one C, that's what I was looking for. I don't see it, it looks like your A one C now is 6.4. Uh, let me see here. Which is not horrible. Mhm. I'm looking to see what your last one was. If I can find it to see if that's improved or if that's gotten worse because here diabetes, here we go. So it looks like the last time you did it in [PHI-Personal] when you did it, it was the same. It was 6.4 both times. So, what that is a hemoglobin. A one C is kind of a way to check how your blood sugars have been running over the past three months, right? So some people check their sugar every single day and they say, ok, today it was 1 12, yesterday, it was 200. Uh, you know, so and so on. But for patients who do not have uncontrolled diabetes such as yourself, you have this test which you can just go in the lab every three months and it will test the ranges and give us a general number to let us know how controlled your diabetes is your, you're right, borderline diabetes. So, anything greater than 6.4 is a diabetic diagnosis. You're at 6.4. So, is that good or bad? Well, I don't know what you were before, but that's just, just right at the mark for diagnosing diabetes. So definitely if you changed your diet and you started eating better, you could change that. That is one thing that can be changed
Patient: When you say 6.4. What that
Nurse: Mean? So, anything greater, anything more than 6.4 is a diabetic diagnosis, which means the doctor can diagnose you with diabetes and say you're a diabetic. You are at 6.4. So you are right
Patient: When you say at 6.4 what that mean?
Nurse: I'm, I, I'm, I'm not sure I understand what you're asking. 6.4 is the numbers, it's like an average that they come up with to average out what your blood sugars have been. It's a number that they use. I don't know how to really explain it to you how they get the exact number. But the the normal range is 5 to 6.4 right? So anything above 6.4 that's how they diagnose people with diabetes.
Patient: M 6.4.
Nurse: Yours is 6.4. And so anything above 6.4 is a, is a diagnosis of diabetes. The last two that you've had is 6.4. It's higher than we would like to see it. And that can be changed with diet. Mhm Diet and exercise if we want those numbers to go down and we want your kidney function to get a little bit better if it can diet and exercise. Oh, try to cut out fried foods. Try to cut out fatty foods foods outside of the home. Um, fast food restaurants are the worst because in a lot of those restaurants it's not, I hate to use the word real food, but a lot of that stuff is so processed that there's no nutrients and there's probably a lot of bad things in it for your health. Mhm. But in our minds we say, oh, well, it's chicken nuggets. It's chicken, chicken's healthy but it's really not. So for example, mcdonald's chicken nuggets aren't even real meat. They're not chicken. They're made from a, from a chemical compound, like a, a slime type compound that they cook. So, yeah. So we don't really know what is in those foods because we're not at home making them right? Or someone making them for us. So we don't know what's in those. But a lot of those fast foods are very high in saturated fats and sodiums. And I just did a study um for my degree that showed that the recommended amount of sodium for one day is 1500 mg in a, in a cheeseburger alone from a fast food restaurant is like 1400 some calories. I mean 1400 some grams of sodium. Mhm. So you're getting all of the recommended daily value in one sandwich. Wow. So that shows you how, how bad they are. Mhm. So if, if I could advise to do anything, if, if you want to get healthier and you want to see your numbers get better and you want to feel better. Diet and exercise and when I say exercise it does not have to be some strenuous. Go jogging on the treadmill, go pumping weights that, that nobody can do that at this point. I can't do that but just walk, maybe walk around your apartment, walk around wherever you're staying, walk, you know, walk down to the driveway and back, walk out to the street and back, just start slow and start having short term goals for yourself. Because if you make a big, huge goal for yourself of, oh, I wanna walk a mile every day. It's, that's not realistic. That's not gonna happen. Mhm. Nobody can, nobody can start like that. And then you'll just get overwhelmed with that goal and say, ok, well, I couldn't do a mile and start getting down on yourself. Start slow. Ok. Today I'm gonna walk to my mailbox and back. I'm gonna do that twice today. Right? Just to go there, touch the mailbox and walk back to my apartment and back to my house or whatever, start your goal slow and after you're able to do that for a while, say two weeks goes by and you've walked to your mailbox back and forth twice every day. Say, you know. Ok. I think for the next two weeks I'm gonna do it three times and just increase that little by little. So that your, because your body is not gonna be able to tolerate you doing a bunch of crazy workouts if you haven't been working out. Right. I know my chair can't. Mhm. So that would be my, that would definitely be my advice to you is to start a slow exercise program for yourself. Whatever works good for you, whatever you can actually physically do whatever is realistic for you and start changing your diet little by little.
Patient: Ok. Now, I was, I was, uh, was, uh, when they eat some, uh, well, I had some leftover stuff last night from, uh, steak and potatoes, mashed potatoes. Mhm. And, uh, I was gonna eat it for breakfast, but I don't know what I mean. What is that? That's too much.
Nurse: I mean, in moderation, ok, you're not gonna be able to change your entire diet in one day and just say, ok, I'm not gonna eat anything like that. So, in moderation, if you have steak and potatoes left over, have steak and potatoes, that's fine. But when you're making a choice of, ok, what should I go out and buy or what kind of groceries do I need to go? Get, really start looking at your groceries, really start, you know, reading the labels. Is it high in sodium. Is there a lot of processed artificial things in it? Is it full of salt? Is it full sodium? Do that? Read the labels like that whenever you're getting your groceries? Now, I know that some like, and you know, I've been out of the country. You know, my, my sister is from [PHI-Geographic] and in most other countries, the healthier food is cheaper. So it's easy for people to eat healthy in the United States. It's not the healthier for the healthier food is way more expensive and they make it very difficult for people to be healthy by eating healthy. So, so what I tell people what I purchase for my family is beans and, and rice, non enriched rice, which rice is not the best for you. But it can give you some good nutrition from the grain. So, beans are very high in protein and very high in vitamins and nutrients and minerals. So, if you can cook beans, um, rice, maybe some tuna, um, salmon is very expensive. So I hardly ever do that. But salmon is the best fish you can have. But things like that that aren't so fatty. Mhm. Or high in nasty stuff.
Patient: Mhm. Well, um, I would just, um, the last time I, I took my lab but she didn't, I don't know what she said. It was my, my kidney was worse. Then. I, I don't
Nurse: Know. I don't know. I'm not really sure, but I know she left a note on this one that says slightly worsened.
Patient: Oh my fuck.
Nurse: Mm. So when you see her tomorrow ask about that.
Patient: Yes. Well I know you're not my doctor and everything. I don't I I am so nervous about now. Let
Nurse: Me look and see how, how much of a change it is. Ok? Let me look at your C MP here. Ok. [PHI-Account]. Let's get your last one. Ok? So it looks like it's gone down. Uh it has gone down from 48 to [PHI-Account]. So I would I would when you speak to her tomorrow, when you go and I would make a little note, make a list for yourself of the questions that you have for her. Mhm. And take that in with you that way when you get in the office, you don't forget the things that you want to ask her or talk to her about because that happens to it happens to me and then I get out of the doctor's appointment and I'm upset because I didn't ask the whole reason I went to the doctor. I didn't even ask about it.
Patient: Ok. What you just said was a low, it was lower than the other one.
Nurse: Yes, it's worsened from the last time you took it. So ask [PHI-Personal] about that whenever you see her tomorrow. Ok. And she'll be able to advise you on what, how she wants you to proceed from here. If she wants you to do something different. Yeah.
Patient: Ok. I, uh, well, I know you're not my doctor and everything but is there anything that she could do to get my kidneys
Nurse: Better? You need to ask her that? No, I told you, um, the, the only thing that I could tell you to do is to start changing your diet and to make sure that you're well hydrated. Mhm. Yeah. That can make a huge difference in, in all aspects of your health.
Patient: Oh. Oh, well, I probably got the, um,
Nurse: So when you go see her tomorrow, make sure you talk to her about that and then I will call you here in a couple of days and check on you since you after you see her and see where we need to go from there. Ok. Ok. All right, Miss [PHI-Personal], don't stress yourself out over it. Just make sure you're staying hydrated. Make sure you're eating good, healthy, reading your labels and you'll see her tomorrow. So when you see her tomorrow, just let her know your concerns, she'll bring it up to you because, you know, she left a note in there saying that it was slightly worsened. So she'll, she'll talk to you about that and she'll give you whatever directives she wants you to follow. Ok. If there's specific things that she wants you to do, she'll let you know that. Ok. All right. But I would say, do you take any, um, like Ibuprofen or I take Tylenol Aleve or anything like that. No,
Patient: No, ma'am. I take Tylenol.
Nurse: Ok. Ok. Um, well, that's what I would do. I would for sure let her know that you're concerned about it and ask if she has any further advice for you that can help you.
Patient: Yes, I, I want my kid to get better. I'm just wondering
Nurse: What in the, yeah, so talk to her tomorrow and she should be able to give you a better answer. Ok. And then I will follow up with you after your appointment here in a couple days. Ok. Ok, then. All right, Miss Reed, you have a blessed day. Ok. You too. All righty. Bye. Bye. Bye bye.
