Nurse: Good afternoon, [PHI-Personal]. How are you doing?
Patient: Oh, not too good. Oh, no. What's going on? Oh, with this, the apartment [PHI-Geographic]. Last Friday we had word that we, we were getting new mailboxes right now. We have it in the hall. It's gonna be outside. We got a message last Friday to go down to the office and get our new keys, which we did. They don't work, they don't work. So we went back to the office and told her and so, uh, it got worse. Uh, I guess there's quite a few that, that, that they don't keep, won't work. So now we have to, uh, we don't know when they'll get them fixed. It's up to the post office and our mail has been in the new box for five days and no more deliveries here and it's just a mess. I went over to the post office to put our, we're supposed to put our mail on hold, which I did yesterday and thinking I would get my five days, you know, load of mail. He said, no, you can't get it today. It'll be here tomorrow. Oh, it's just one thing after another. So, he got, I'm just so sick of this place. But, I don't know, I just have to stay here because I don't have money to go anywhere else. But, I mean, and then Friday, when we were, it's, it's at the opposite end of our building and we have to walk quite a distance and it was hot last Friday. So, uh, my friend upstairs and I walked over and he was putting the mail in, but we, we weren't allowed to be in there. And then after he left, then that's when we tried our keys and they wouldn't work. So I, we stood there about a half hour. It was very warm and I didn't feel well, I felt just like I did when I was dehydrated and I didn't think I was going to make it back to my apartment, but I did, I did. So, I mean, Saturday and Sunday were better, but I mean, I was so worked up with all this. So I don't know, it's just a mess, it's just a mess. So I, I, now I get, I, I, I'll go over tomorrow and get my five days of mail. And then from then on, see, I get the daily paper and thank goodness, I'm going to stop that next Tuesday, the 25th. So then I really don't have to go over to the post office. I have to drive there to the other side of town and I'm going to go Wednesday and Saturday. So that'll ease my mind once I stop the paper. Ok, good. So, but, oh, it was terrible. And they're having a terrible time with these people, there's 100 and 20 apartments and so many of them are foreigners. And now today she, she didn't take my third key. So I walked down, someone was there, said that she was there. But, so I got down just two doors down, she was gone. So I read a new notice on her door. Now, they are not taking checks or money orders. You either have to get on the computer, set up a computer thing or else have direct payments, automatic payment. Oh, and there's so many foreigners and black people and they, some don't even speak English. You know, I mean, it's really a mess. I mean, it, that doesn't pertain to me at all, but still, you know, it's just, it's horrible. So I want to go down tomorrow and take this other key down and then my neighbor told me that you could, we could, uh, we could move every month, you know, before, but now we have to move on our anniversary date. Well, I don't intend to move unless I'm lucky to get some place. But I mean, you know, my age, I, I just don't know if I can do it or not. So, I don't know, I'm just gonna have to stay here and, but I, I feel better now, since I got the mail problem straightened out. And, uh, but someone even has a package down there and the, the key would not fit into the drawer to get the package out. And so that's up to the post office to make new keys. Yeah. Oh, it's really a mess. But after, after tomorrow I'll go over again and get my five days mail and then my paper ends next Tuesday. So I really, and my bills are all out, automatically pay my, um, money's, uh, automatic deposit. So, you know, I'll be ok after, after tomorrow, after next Tuesday the 25th when I get my paper. So, so that's what I've been doing. So I was kinda, was it ugly last, last Sunday? I think it rained a little. But anyway, um, that's what really had me upset and I just now took my BP and it's not good but it will get better. It's [PHI-Account]. That's pretty high. I know. I know, but it, it will get better. Now since I'm getting this mail straightened out, it was such a, such a hassle and like I said, I got so hot standing over there and I thought, oh, I should go back to my apartment. So, and I was fan myself. No one else. Minds it. But, you know, I told you I would get hot spells. Mhm. Once in a while. Well, I, I was getting those and uh, but this has been so, it's so terrible. I mean, after I get my meals figured out I should be ok until something else comes along that, uh, but they're having a problem with some of these people, but that's, that's their problem. Not mine. You know. So, anyway, that's my story. Oh, and I have a question. I don't know how we're going to solve this when I saw [PHI-Personal] the last time she told me to cut my LORazepam in half. So now how I'm, I'm on automatic refill. How do I do that? I have a bottle now, I have to cut in half this week. Then I have. So that'll be enough for two months. So I really, I only have to get it every other month since I take two a day. Oh, well, just a half a day. So how, how do I get that automatically refilled with?
Nurse: You'll have to take it off of automatic refill and then you'll have to manually call them when you need it since there's not a new script in the
Patient: System. Yeah, that, that's what I thought because
Nurse: She wanted you to try it this way first. That way, if you had to go back to one tablet that it's not messing with your prescriptions too much because that can cause them back and forth. So just when they, when they call you and tell you that it's refilled, let them know you don't need it. This month you'll take them next month.
Patient: Well, that's what they're supposed to call me but they, I, they never do if I'm not here, then it, it, I don't know if it doesn't go on my answering machine or what, but I never get their call, so I have to keep track of it myself. So. Uh, ok. Uh, I wonder if I could take just this one off of automatic refill? Yeah,
Nurse: You can do just one off. That's no problem. Everything else automatic refill.
Patient: Oh, ok. Ok. That, that sounds good. That's what I was wondering about that. So can you take care of that?
Nurse: Yeah, I can take care of
Patient: That for you. Ok, you can do that because now I have enough for uh next month I'm ready to to cut uh 30 of them in half so I won't need for two months. So every other month I I can get 30. Mhm. Right. Yeah. Yeah. So ok, so you can take care of that. Well, that that was on my mind too so I have that taken care of. So I think I'm getting back in shape now. Oh my. So it it it sometimes I just feel like I want to give up. Oh, I don't know. And then I then uh my neighbor said, well, no one of the maintenance men. They're so nice. We have two. He said, well, have you tried your key in maybe uh [PHI-Personal] upstairs? Her her box and I said no. So yesterday afternoon I did that, I drove over and I tried it all three of us in this building and none of them worked.
Nurse: Oh, yeah, that's exactly what I was gonna recommend too is try him in other boxes and see if they accidentally swapped the keys.
Patient: Nope, it didn't work, didn't work. So, uh, there was another couple there and, uh, I said, well, I'm going over to the post office right now. Do you wanna go along? And then we signed up for, uh, to have our mail held? So they went with me and we got that taken care of. So I went over today thinking I would get my five days supply or back load, you know, and today's and all I got was my paper and I said something, well, we were supposed to get the, uh, other five days. He said, oh, no, he says you'll get, they'll only pick that up today and all that mail is in our new boxes, but we cannot get in to get it.
Nurse: Yeah. But you don't have anything that you need in there right now, you know, you're doing ok.
Patient: Yes, I know now, after I get everything done, but it's such a hassle, you know, and that Friday it was so hot. I, I did not feel well, when I got back I didn't. So. Oh, ok. Well, other than that, that's everything else is the same So if you take care of that, I appreciate it. So then I'll just go ahead and get that when it's due instead of automatic pay for my LORazepam Ativan. So. Ok. Very good because I was wondering how I have to do that and I didn't know if I should take all of them off automatic, you know. No refill. Ok. That's, that's great. That is great. Ok. Well, now, well, at the pharmacy, will they take that off of their, their uh computer, I guess.
Nurse: No, no. What I'm gonna do is I'm gonna leave the prescription there. I'm just gonna tell him to please take it off of automatic refill. You will call when you need a refill.
Patient: Well, I always go over and get it so. Ok. Ok. That ok. So now that's two things off my mind. So I should feel better now. Good. Yes, I just uh
Nurse: Do some deep breathing for me. That really has he shown to help bring your BP down?
Patient: Yes. II I have to do it one more time today. I always do it when I get up. I didn't sleep very well last night. But I seem ok though, but like I said, I went over to the post office, I went to the pharmacy and I picked up two other refills I had done so. Uh ok. Well, I think I'm getting in pretty good shape now. Oh my. Oh dear. But this is, this is terrible over in this [PHI-Geographic]. But now I can forget about the rest of it because it doesn't apply to me. I have my rent automatic, automatically paid and whatever. So get rid of my paper. So I don't have to go and pick up my mail every day. So I'm gonna do it Wednesday and Saturday. Yeah. And
Nurse: You know what, um, I, I don't think your LORazepam is even set up on automatic because your LORazepam is a controlled substance. So that one needs to be called in by us every month.
Patient: Oh, so
Nurse: Uh yeah, that one's, that's why you always have to call. You always call me because there's no refills on it because it has to be a new script every month.
Patient: Oh, ok, you're right. It says on here. No refills. Ok. Ok. So um I have to, I have to call you. Yeah. What
Nurse: I do? You need a refill? You call me?
Patient: Oh, ok. Oh my gosh, I probably would have gone over with the bottle to have it refilled. Oh my goodness.
Nurse: That's right. They would have taken it and called me anyway.
Patient: Oh, that's right. Ok. Ok. So you will take care of that. Ok, ma'am. All righty, I'll have to make a note of that somewhere. Stick it on my refrigerator. So. Ok, other than that I'm, I think I'm doing ok. Uh I'm trying to clean a little bit but every day or something, you know, with these keys or something. So. Oh my I feel better already to get that taken care of and I was afraid to tell you what my BP was, but I still don't think my BP kit is as good as ha make
Nurse: Sure you bring it in next appointment and we'll double check it.
Patient: Oh, ok. Ok [PHI-Personal] I go to her. Ok. Alrighty. Well that's all I have to say.
Nurse: All right, if anything changes, you call my number. Ok.
Patient: Oh, yes, I have your number. Alrighty. Thanks for calling.
Nurse: You're welcome. You have a great
Patient: Day. Ok, bye bye,
Nurse: Bye bye.
