Nurse: [PHI-Geographic]. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal]. I see you tried to call me?
Nurse: Yes, I was calling to check in, I saw where you'd had a, um, video visit and they had started you on some medications for your COVID. And I just wanted to see how you were doing.
Patient: I'm doing pretty good. I think I took my third dose, I guess out of 10 of this Black Paxlovid. Uh huh. And, uh, last night I fell asleep early and I slept for like 12 hours. I think. I, I think I shed the thing last night. I think, you know, if I had to guess that's what I'd say because I don't ever sleep. No, 12 hours. You know what I mean? I gotta be really tired or I gotta be, and there's no reason I should have been really tired other than I had COVID. You know, so I, I really think I shed it last night. Ok. I feel great today.
Nurse: Good. Um, so, you know, and to a lot of that, um, you know, with COVID, um, is this your first time having COVID? Yep. Yep. Ok. Um, so typically with that, you know, I just like to tell people, biggest thing is, is, um, you know, like you said, you don't ever sleep 12 hours. Um, is that, you know, a lot of times people experience this after COVID, but they'll have what's called post viral fatigue. Um, and all that is, is just basically you're just tired. Um, so, you know, like people notice that they're sleeping more than they usually would or, you know, um, being up and moving. So, like, say, for instance, you know, your normal routine is you get up and you go walking or you go take the trash out or you walk to a neighbor's house, um, that you just feel more winded than usual, um, or just more tired and all that is, is just basically, it just takes your body a lot to fight off an infection. Um And that's just your normal body's response, but it just is called post viral fatigue. So you may experience some of that. Um, you know, and the, the biggest thing for that is, is just to rest if you're able when you feel tired. Um, you know, not
Patient: To push II I, yeah, I really enjoyed sleep that long. So, I
Nurse: Mean, I, and I'm sure you probably do feel like a new person. Um, as far as when you get that much sleep consecutively. Um But, you know, like I said, a lot of people experience it post COVID, they call it post viral syndrome. But I always like people to be aware. You know, if you feel tired, just don't try to push yourself. You know, your body is still recovering. Um, you know, you're still actively fighting something within your body. Um, so if you notice that it just takes you a little bit longer to do something that you normally, you know, did, um, that's completely normal. You know, that's just, um, part of the recovery process.
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. I'm, I'm hearing that it takes, uh, anywhere from 6 to 10 days to get to where that you're not, um, shedding virus to anybody, you know. And, uh, and they're also telling me that, you know, you could, you could keep, continued to, uh, test positive. So they don't put a lot of stock in your testing is what I've been told from, from the office. And so, uh, my, I, I had to, I was gonna, I was gonna go to [PHI-Geographic] and I had flights and I had to change my, I changed my flights for a week. So now it's next, this next Monday coming. So I'm gonna be past the 10 days. Yes. So I should figure other than wearing a mask or whatever, I should figure I'm ok by then. Right?
Nurse: Yes. So the biggest thing with that is, is you're just checking to make sure, um, you know, that your, how your symptoms are. So, you know, if you're still day 10 and you're still running, you know, say a fever, you're still having, you know, a productive cough, you're, you know, overly fatigued, like, can't even get out of the bed. Like, you know, that's where we say, you know, symptomatically, you're probably still getting contagious or would be at risk of infecting somebody else because your symptoms are so strong. Um, but, you know, if you're, you know, back to baseline, other than just like, you know, like I said, that fatigue, um not had any fevers, you know, know, some people do experience a lingering cough, you know, for several weeks to a couple of months afterwards. Um, just depending, it doesn't affect everybody. But that is another thing, you know, with it, it's just an annoying cough. Um, but I, I
Patient: Didn't have, I never had a fever all ii I had a headache, you know, pretty ST pretty steady headache and I'm not a headache guy. I don't usually get them. But, uh, yeah, I, I never did have a fever though.
Nurse: Ok, good. So, yes, other than that, because like today, let's see when you have that phone appointment, um, today would have been like the end of your quarantine because that was on the sixth and he said to quarantine for two more days and then mask for five. Um So, I mean, even, uh, you know, on that Monday, like I said, other than wearing a mask, you know, if you feel the way you do right now. Um, then, you know, yes, that would be the only thing that I would, you know, recommend and then too just, you know, your general hand hygiene. So, you know, just making sure, you know, that you're washing your hands. Um, you know, especially like airports. I mean, they're just high traffic areas of germs, you know. So you just don't wanna, you know, catch a cold or reinfect, you know, on top of that. So I just always go over good hand hygiene, you know, washing, um, you know, your hands before and after, you know, you're touching, you know, many things are using hand sanitizer. Um and you know, just try to avoid touching your, you know, your face, nose, mouth, anything like that. Um, if you can, you know, prior to washing your hands. But yes, other than that, I think you'll be perfectly fine. Um, you know, like I said, the biggest thing that we look for are
Patient: You from down south someplace
Nurse: I am. I'm in [PHI-Geographic]. Oh,
Patient: Oh, [PHI-Geographic]. Oh, ok. Yeah. Yeah, because I picked it up in your voice, you know, you.
Nurse: Yes, sir. I'm, I'm in [PHI-Geographic]. So um but yeah, I'm glad that you're doing good. I apologize that I didn't, I didn't get your call when you left me a voicemail when you were originally, um, diagnosed it with the weekend and it doesn't roll over to us until Monday. So I just, well, I knew,
Patient: I knew I was in trouble just because of the way the timing of how that happened. Yeah, I understand.
Nurse: Um, but I just wanted to, to follow up with you make sure you were doing ok that you didn't need anything. Um, you know, and you're, you're holding your statin medication correct while you're on the. Ok. Good. Just making sure. Yep. Yep. All right. Well, if anything changes, you know, or worsens, give me a call or if you have any questions about anything, um, you know, call me any time and, uh, I'll follow up with you, you know, again next month and, you know, have safe travels next week. But, you know, any questions between now and then, or concerns, give me a call anytime. Ok. Ok. Yep. All right. Well, you have a great week. You're welcome. Yep. You
Patient: Too. Bye bye. Bye bye.
