Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Yeah, somebody called me from this number. Hi.
Nurse: Yes, this is Mr [PHI-Personal]. Hi. Yes, I was just calling on behalf of the Park [PHI-Geographic] and Doctor o'riley. How are you?
Patient: I'm
Nurse: Fine. Good. I was just calling, um, just to touch base and just check in, see if you need anything at the moment. Um, I know you got an appointment coming up with her tomorrow at 8 30 though. Right? Um, I was taking a look too because I know you saw her last month in March and, um, she had referred you over to a cardiologist. So I kind of just wanted to follow up and see if you had, um, a scheduled with anyone yet.
Patient: No, not yet. Probably after tomorrow because I've been kind of busy.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, no problem. Um, I can also, I know it looks like, um, she referred you over to Doctor [PHI-Personal], which is at, um, US S over on [PHI-Geographic]. Um, and I've got the referral and everything pulled up here and, um, I'd be happy to also go ahead and schedule it for you. Um, and then that way, once you meet with her tomorrow. You guys can kinda have like, oh well I'm actually gonna see a cardiologist um on this day at this time. Um if you'd like me to go ahead and get you scheduled for that, ah.
Patient: Yeah, but it needs to be next on next week and not early in the morning because I'm not early in the morning person.
Nurse: Ok. Not a problem. So sometime in the afternoon. Yeah. Ok. Alrighty. And I know and where
Patient: Is this located at? Cause I'd rather make my own appointment cause it's closer for me, you know, I got uh which is not far away from my house.
Nurse: Ok. Um So this one the referral that she had made was specifically for um a US F provider. Um So this one is for it's on Us F [PHI-Geographic], it's the um center um trying to think here. Um Let me look up real quick. I don't think it's as far as um my Tampa General Circle. Let's see. Yeah, drive. Let me see what it's kind of near here. So it's kind of over there by like the University of [PHI-Geographic]. Are you familiar where that is?
Patient: Yeah, but not really. I don't know a bunch about it and then I got to find this place, you know. So.
Nurse: Mhm. Ok. Well um if there is a particular um office you said there was one on that's kind of near you. Yeah. Um let me see here. So I know since this specific referral is for like one provider, um, if you're able to kind of talk with her tomorrow and be like, hey, like, that's really kind of an unfamiliar area of town for me or, you know, comfortable going there. Um, you can speak with her and, um, she can write a new referral for, um, maybe one that's closer to you and hopefully the one that's on MK um is participating with your insurance and then that way you can follow up with them. Um, but that would just be something you'd have to follow up with her and um, request tomorrow at your visit. Ok. Um, but other than that, um, was there any other questions that you had about the referral or any of your medications?
Patient: Yeah, I'm me
Nurse: And I know I was taking a look over at um, the medication just only taking um, the Losartan. Ok. Now, uh, I was, I was just taking a look over at your medication list and I only see, um, like the one that she prescribed at the last visit, it's the Losartan for BP.
Patient: All right, I got to talk to somebody right here right quick and uh, you can give me a call back. Ok.
Nurse: Yeah, no problem. I'll probably going to call you maybe sometime after your appointment if that's ok. All right, that'll work. Alrighty. All right, have a good rest of your day. Alright, thanks. Bye bye.
