Nurse: Dement. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. Hey,
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. What did you find out anything? Was that a useful call for you or? No?
Patient: Yes, it was the lady I called [PHI-Personal]. Ok. And I told her you're, you're checking the pharmacy to see if it came in the brand name? Mhm. Did it?
Nurse: It did not. And she said that the shipment is not gonna be there until noon. Um, so she'll call, she, uh, she took my name and number and said she's gonna call me back and let me know if it came in and if it didn't, she's gonna, she suggested then they get sent to another pharmacy. The prescription. Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Patient: So if they can't get it and nobody else is going to,
Nurse: Well, you never know. I honestly, sometimes I wonder with CV S, you know, like, I don't know, have you used Rite Aid or anything like that or what else is by
Patient: You? Well, right now I didn't wanna change anything since everybody knew where I'm at. Ok. No,
Nurse: That's
Patient: Understandable. But that's not the answer right now. That way, [PHI-Personal], our answer right now is [PHI-Personal] is gonna call her own drug store, you know, in the, you know, the company, which is my end store and find out and find out what's going on. Because it took me a while to explain to her that the brand name [PHI-Personal] is in my pharmacy. That is what I've been taking all along. And she said, well, you had it filled on [PHI-Personal] and I said yes and that's what I use. I said, but my insurance wants the brand name and so it didn't make sense to her anyway. I think out of God's mercy, I said in a box is four. It is now, may I am due for a new box? Right? Oh, the light went up on her. You know what I mean? Because it's like you don't know what somebody needs to hear and when you're not doing some good yourself, it's hard and I'm not a nurse. Yeah, I mean, it's like I didn't tell her. I said, but I don't feel good. I said my nurse is not sure if I'm in trouble without the batch, maybe she'll get an approval on the. But you know, because it is,
Nurse: I'm gonna spell it. This is the one you've been taking the Bu Pr
Patient: [PHI-Personal]? No, no bu tt for [PHI-Personal]
Nurse: BT for [PHI-Personal]. Ok.
Patient: Rans
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]
Patient: S not MN for no
Nurse: [PHI-Personal] as in Nancy or no is ok. Yeah,
Patient: It's dripping and the dose is 7.5 when I get a flashlight. Uh MCC G slash hour. Ok. Phin transdermal system. Right. And that's, and my next problem is my whole family is having problems to try to see if even a possible brand name is somewhere at another pharmacy. I may still not be able to get it.
Nurse: Right. But, right. See, that's what the, that's what the pharmacy just suggested to me that I get called in somewhere else if they didn't get
Patient: It to me. No, no, no, no, no, no. Did you hear me,
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]? No, I heard you. But you said your family is already looking. So that's a good thing that your family is looking. Oh, they're not. Ok.
Patient: They're all having health issue problems.
Nurse: Oh, ok. So they're not looking. I thought you said they were by mistake.
Patient: I know that I just gotta stop you. I mean, it's, it's probably me because my tooth broken on the top. If I have no dentures at the bottom and try and, you know, it's hard, you know, it's not easy for anybody to understand me, but as long as I know it's wrong, I'll try to figure out how to correct it, you know. But this, this is the one that's on the shelf. So, [PHI-Personal], the, um, person that called me back from. Oh, jeez. What do I do with that? Oh, did I lose that paper?
Nurse: She's with the insurance company you said? Right.
Patient: Yeah. But I was trying to think of her caseworker. I think or something with that because it might be like
Nurse: A care manager through insurance. That's
Patient: It. Thank you. I couldn't think of that word. Yeah, and there's like a special extension number you kind of get her by, you know what I mean? But anyway, she's calling the pharmacy in the my insurance. She's just because I clarified that. I said what pharmacy you call and she said that the her insurance meaning that to see what's going on
Nurse: If I could clarify something else. [PHI-Personal] that box in your house right now it's spelled out as [PHI-Personal] uh at your house.
Patient: Yeah. Well, just so you know that
Nurse: Is the that is the brand name.
Patient: No, it isn't.
Nurse: It, it is, it actually is.
Patient: Well, it could be a brand name from another company but the one they want is the name one, it's under another name like generic pills are
Nurse: Well then they the generic, the generic name is spelled Bu Pr [PHI-Personal] Orphine just so you know.
Patient: All right, you know what does it make any difference? Because that this one wasn't. No,
Nurse: I know I'm trying. It does because I'm trying to understand like how could you be getting one all this time and not the other, but it sounds like you have been
Patient: Getting. This is the answer it's not available.
Nurse: Well, that's the bottom line. That's what it sounds like. It's I really can Google if there's some kind of shortage. I don't know, is there a shortage?
Patient: Well, wherever that happens, wherever company, oh, why don't you call another CV F? Because they're gonna go nuts with this one. But just call another CV F and ask the question because this one's gonna, you know, they're gonna be so mad at me or punish me some way that I'm gonna sound like I'm making it
Nurse: Up. No, don't listen, don't get yourself upset. It's not worth it.
Patient: No, it's not. All I need is the o all I need is the ok on the box I have in my lap, whether it comes in other names and other ways. Why should we have to go through it when it's right there on the shelf at my pharmacy? Mm. I'm just trying to, you can find the answer out later on and, and really see the end results. Is it not available anywhere you can play around with it later on. But here's the other thing, my pain patches are paid by different health places. So all those, I don't know if they have to be notified because it's my insurance and other health places that pay for it because somehow it's nearly $300. Yeah, that's a lot. Yeah, I can't afford that. You know what I mean? And the way I feel and the way what things have been going on, I mean, I'm holding the fork down, going back, pooping my legs are killing me during the night and my nose is ripping. But anyway, it's like trying to solve the problem and not lay in the bed and pull the covers up over my head. But you can figure this out later on and see what's going on and it'd be a good puzzle to get the real, the real answer on. But not now unless you have the time to do it. But,
Nurse: Well, I'm trying to figure out what's gonna be best for you. I mean, if you're in withdrawal, I mean, you're gonna just keep getting sicker. Like, like, really
Patient: You might need to be detox. And I said, the nurse that checks up on me from my family, doctor's office thinks I'm really having problems, like not having the patch, you know. And so, uh, I mean, I let me be [PHI-Personal] years old next month. My body is like 100 and one. I don't care as long as, you know, I can keep going. Oh God. But you can find the answer out later on. Even if I wanted to, there's a Rite Aid which is not a CV S and is on 24 hours a day. The best time to probably call that place, even though it's a Rite Aid to find out what's going on is in the middle of the night because he's got no customers and he could probably give me an answer.
Nurse: Yeah, it wouldn't hurt to check and see if the Rite Aid has it in stock and technically, but, but, but, but I don't see why they can't send your, your order
Patient: Over to them. I don't even know if it's in stock. You don't understand what I'm trying to tell you. No, we
Nurse: Don't know until we call. That's the thing.
Patient: No, no. Rite Aid isn't my pharmacy right now. The insurance knows that CV. S is my pharmacy. Do you think I wanna confuse it more? And I don't get the pain patches and then somehow I wind up in the hospital really sick. I don't think I want that but to get an answer to something, to proceed to find out what's going on when someone's probably bored and needs a, a question. Even though Rite Aid isn't my pharmacy, I probably could find an answer. You know what I mean?
Nurse: Right. But I, I just want you to know that it's not a disaster to have to use another pharmacy. It, it's just not, it's like it's
Patient: Ok for me. [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal]. Please love me enough. I'm not, I, I
Nurse: Understand you don't want to, I'm just trying to solve for now
Patient: Because with what's going on and how my body is feeling, do you think I wanna change pharmacies right now? I won't know what the heck I'm doing. And then I'll get put away for not knowing what I'm doing. I've already been reported somehow. Report it that I need psychiatric help. Mm. Oh my God. So I don't know who reported that, but the eye doctor says I asked her it be a backup. You know, I have to have the eye doctor half the time. Give me the answers to what test she's done and everything she said, there's nothing wrong with your brain. Oh God. It's just whatever people think they can do and right over somebody's head and think they're helping them and then it winds up. I don't go to a good nursing home. I will go to the cheapest one. I have visited my friends who were there and how they were taking care of. Sure. I'll keep myself busy going up down the hallways, checking on everybody, but I won't last long there. I have a chance of lasting a lot longer enjoying my new great grandson and staying in my own place where I have some kind of thing. I think, you know, sometimes people think they're helping you. They're not. That's how both my rotator cuffs got, tore somebody trying to open the door. Well, I've got a key in it to let me in and, you know, because I was balance, balance against the door, holding my shopping cart like those ones you buy. Mhm. And they pushed the door and the same thing happened with the other shoulder before I could say, or wave my hand because I was balancing myself. That's how the other one got busted somebody else. Somebody help it and then after the second surgery on my total right hip replacement, you know, I'm not mad at anybody or upset but everybody I allowed to have them cause this because over in the other place I had after 30 years, my right total hip replaced, replaced again. That means it's delicate. You know what I mean? It can go out of whack with no problem. Somebody, some aide brought a man over to my apartment to visit me. He went to the bathroom while he was there when I went in the darn toilet seat was up. Yeah, I turned around with my walker at the time because that's what I could use because it was years ago to put the toilet seat down and I knocked the whole hip replacement out. That was the worst, worst, worst pain in my life. I'm holding onto the walker and my leg is swinging. You have a call bell like on your wall but it doesn't tell what a no, it doesn't tell what apartment or anything, but somehow somebody found me. Oh God.
Nurse: Now I wanna revisit when you said that you cut your Losartan in half. How much Losartan are you taking right now?
Patient: It's Lisinopril. It's 20 mg. It's a 20 mg pill that I was sent home from the hospital last Thurs. That's Thanksgiving around [PHI-Personal]. Ok. I see
Nurse: On [PHI-Personal] it says Lisinopril 20 mg take a half day.
Patient: Ok? But I knocked over the bottle. I told doctor, uh, plumber and that I had some, I couldn't tell her how much but, and I knock the model over and I, my power chair had batteries put in and I ran, it's like powder on the floor, but not all of them got ran over. But I, she ordered it. It's at the pharmacy but I haven't had anybody pick it up because I wanted to save it for when, oh God, is a call coming in again for when the pain pills or this may be? I don't know, can I answer this and you call me back like
Nurse: That's fine. Go ahead, [PHI-Personal]. Bye. Bye. Bye
Patient: Bye.
