Nurse: Oh God, this is, this is,
Patient: Hi.
Nurse: Um, this is [PHI-Personal]. Um, [PHI-Personal] wife, [PHI-Personal] received a message from, I think [PHI-Personal] to return her call. We're not sure what that was about.
Patient: Ok. Uh, let me get your chart pulled up. Um, I know that it's about the care management program that he's enrolled in. Ok, I believe it's an introduction call. Yes. So, yeah, it's an introductory call um, for the care management program that he's enrolled in. Ok. My name is [PHI-Personal]. I'm the nurse that's assigned his case.
Nurse: Um, he's, he's here here here. So I'll let you talk to him. Ok. Yeah, I'm here. So go.
Patient: Ok. How you doing?
Nurse: All right.
Patient: Ok. Um I know that we had spoken back whenever you were on vacation. Um, are you back now from vacation? Yes. Ok. Um, so I'll just give you a little bit of information about the care management program and we can kind of go from there. Um, so you'll be receiving a monthly call from me. Um, just checking in seeing how you're doing, making sure you're doing ok in between monthly calls. If you happen to need anything, you can always call me. Um, I can do medication refills, appointment scheduling. Um, I'm kind of like your own personal nurse. So, anything to do with your health or well being, I'm here to help with. All righty. Um, I'll be sending out a care plan and you'll receive that next week. It'll have a list of wellness goals on it. The wellness goals are just from your provider and they are, um, just things that he would like to see complete over the course of the year. So it'll be things like screenings, um, doctor's appointments, blood work, you know, all that preventative care type things. Um, and we'll just go over that every month whenever I call, uh, try to keep you um, organized and help you make appointments whenever you need, help, that kind of thing. Um, also on the care plan, it'll have my name and phone number on it in case you need to reach me. Do you have any questions or concerns about the program?
Nurse: No, no, I uh hopefully it'll, it'll help. That'll be a big thing.
Patient: Yeah. Um, I, I hope that we're, we're able to help you. Um, anything.
Nurse: Go ahead. No, you go ahead. It's, I'm running out of patience with um, doc. Yeah, I've been seeing, I've been seeing, been seeing it, [PHI-Geographic] mad and uh yeah, I have a lot of problems with my back and mobility and my legs and I talk, I'm with the pain management team. Down there and nothing they've done to this date has worked. Oh, they want me to get another injection next week, which I think I'm gonna cancel. I've had about enough of that. So it, um, everything they've done, the pain has just gotten worse and it affects my daily life and, uh, affects my mood because, um, it's such a struggle every day to deal with the pain that I'm in constantly and, uh, it's just frustrating. You know, I'm a brain cancer survivor. I, I permanently disabled. Yeah. I, I've got a bunch of stuff on my plate and this pain in my inability to function is driving me [PHI-Personal]. So, it,
Patient: That's understandable.
Nurse: I've, ah, one of the things from damage from my brain cancer is I have no balance. Uh, none of that. My walking has gotten progressively worse and I saw pro, you know, once in a while and it's not just, every once in a while. I, I fall maybe depending on what I'm doing, maybe a couple times a month. So, do you still see a neurologist? That was a question that I wanted to ask. We, he saw doctor [PHI-Personal] yesterday for another issue and we mentioned about the problems we're having with the neurologist down at her. She not being able to get in to see anybody and he referred, he gave us a referral for another, a doctor. I think it is. Now, when we checked out yesterday they gave him a referral paper, but I wasn't sure whether your offices were gonna contact them to try to set something up or whether we need to contact doctor ch directly to do that. I'm not sure how the referrals work.
Patient: Um, the office will send all of his information over. Um, they'll send, sometimes they'll call to schedule the patient, um, like they'll send all the information over. They'll call the office, get the appointment made and call you back. Sometimes they just send the information over because the office likes to make their own appointment. So the neurology office would call you. You don't have to worry about a thing as far as scheduling the appointment. Um, you should be receiving a call for that if you don't hear anything within like a week or so. Um, give me a call and I'll, I'll get on somebody about it.
Nurse: Ok. Well, I appreciate that because, like, like [PHI-Personal] said, down at her, she doesn't seem like we're getting much of a response and when we talked to doctor, um, about that yesterday, he mentioned this new, a, a different, um, neurologist. So that's who we'd like to go see.
Patient: Ok. Yeah, they, I do see that in here that they did refer to doctor. I don't see an appointment date in there just yet. So they must still be working on it, but you should be getting a call from either, um, the office or the, like, um, doctor s office or the neurology office?
Nurse: Ok. All right. Well, thank you so much. Yeah, it, it, I called down to her. She, you know, call, you never, you get into a queue and then when you get through the queue, you still have to leave a message and don't get to talk to a live person. You can't get a hold of anybody. Uh, I had the same thing happen. I wanted to place a call to my urologist, you know, and never heard from him. So, it, I'm running out of patients and, uh, but the back thing is, uh, continuing, continue and, and problem is constant and my walking and weakness in my legs and it just doesn't get any better and I'm all right. If it doesn't just somebody tell me what's going on, you know?
Patient: Absolutely. Hopefully this neurologist will be able to give you some answers.
Nurse: Yeah, because it, it, you know, I never hear from anybody and this pain management that they've gave me injections a couple times and they've done an ablation and an abla and nothing works and the pain continues to spread through my back and my legs. You know, that it's, I'm not very happy with how things have been going. Yeah. That's,
Patient: That's understandable. And I hope, I really hope that the neurologist can, you know, do some dive in and see if he can figure out a, a good way to help you or at the very least be able to, you know, tell you what's going on, why you're feeling the way you're feeling.
Nurse: Yeah, nobody's really told me anything, you know, and all the stuff down at [PHI-Geographic] and they were gonna do all kinds of things, uh, uh, stimulator in my back and, you know, that all fell apart and this injection that I'm supposed to get next week. Now, the insurance company is saying, well, they haven't gotten, they haven't gotten an approval from it yet. So if it isn't trying to get a hold of her, she is trying to get a hold of them trying to get stuff pass the insurance company. So it's uh I'm just about at my wits end with it. Ok. Well,
Patient: If you have any problems getting an appointment with this neurologist or getting them to answer the phone or call you back or anything like that, give me a call and I will call and harass them until they have no choice.
Nurse: Ok? I really appreciate that. Thank you so much for your help. You're
Patient: Welcome. Um I did wanna check on um, it looks like he wanted you to use some cream. Do you have some sort of going
Nurse: On? Yeah, we got, we got that taken care of. Yeah, it's, it's working. Yeah, everything is good there.
Patient: Ok. All right. Is there, is there anything else that I can help you with today?
Nurse: Mm. Uh fix my back. That would be good.
Patient: Oh, come on over to [PHI-Geographic].
Nurse: Yeah, so I mean I've had five make operations, not just minor procedures and things just keep getting worse, you know, it's, it's affected my bowels and my bladder and it's, it's a mess
Patient: But anyway we're gonna, we're gonna work
Nurse: For that. Yep. Alrighty.
Patient: All right. Well you have a wonderful day. You call me if you need my help. Ok? Ok. Thank you for you're welcome. Bye bye bye.
