Nurse: [PHI-Geographic]. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hey, [PHI-Personal]. Uh, this is [PHI-Personal]. Uh, you left me [PHI-Personal] message yesterday.
Nurse: Yes. Give me just one second and I'll get your stuff pulled up here. Let me see here. Sorry. It's taking me just [PHI-Personal] second. I just got out of [PHI-Personal] meeting so I gotta get logged back in everything.
Patient: There's no hurry, you know, I'm retired.
Nurse: Yep, I was just calling to do, um, yours and anesthesias calls for the month. Just wanted to check in. Let me see here. I'm almost there. All right now we're in. So how have you been doing? Everything? Still recovering? Well, from your, from your accident? Everything. Ok.
Patient: Yeah, everything, uh, is, um, pretty normal. I, I don't, you know, my, my ribs were sore for [PHI-Personal] while but they have, um, they have recovered completely. I mean, I'm able to lie on them for [PHI-Personal] while. I was hurting, but I'm just fine now. Good. And, you know, fortunately the other people didn't and sustain any injuries also. So
Nurse: Good. Well, I'm glad that you have recovered well, no further complications and it doesn't look like you've had any appointments or anything, um, or seen any specialist since we talked last. Um, now as far as your medications are concerned, are you doing ok with those?
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. I, um, I, um, I, I think we added one medication. Oh, honey, what was that medication that we added recently? Oh, vitamin D. Yeah. Um, no, I guess not. We, we, we, uh, she did order some stuff for me, uh, but it's not anything new, it's the same stuff.
Nurse: OK. So let me make sure what I have here is correct. So I have [PHI-Personal] aspirin 81 mg. You take one every day. I have an atorvastatin 10 mg, [PHI-Personal] half [PHI-Personal] tablet every day. Yeah. Uh Glucosamine 500 mg one by mouth every day, right? Metoprolol 25 mg one by mouth every day. Yeah. Um I've got [PHI-Personal] plume. Is it pal palmetto? Yeah, daily. And then I've got [PHI-Personal] vitamin B 12 daily and [PHI-Personal] vitamin D three daily.
Patient: And I take [PHI-Personal] zinc also.
Nurse: OK. And do you know the milligram of the zinc? Uh I can
Patient: Get it. Oh boy that. Yeah. Yeah. 50 mg, 50
Nurse: Milligrams. OK.
Patient: And let's see. Oh, this is the one that I added. Uh also I wanted to say I'm actually taking [PHI-Personal] Super B complex right now with vitamin C instead of A B 12. OK.
Nurse: So the zinc is 50 mg and then you're taking [PHI-Personal] Super B complex.
Patient: Well, it has vitamin C in it. And let's see what this is. Uh, yeah, you know, I don't see [PHI-Personal], [PHI-Personal] milligram on it. Well, anyway, I am taking [PHI-Personal]
Nurse: Super B complex with vitamin uh C in it. Is that what you said it was in vitamin C? Ok. All right. Yeah, we'll add it to it.
Patient: And then I, I'm also what we did add was [PHI-Personal] uh I'm taking [PHI-Personal] fiber, [PHI-Personal] daily, fiber, [PHI-Personal] capsule, daily fab. Ok. And that's, um, once again this doesn't have any milligrams on it, but it, it really is helping
Nurse: Good. Ok. Keeping regular,
Patient: Yeah, I'm trying to drink more water too. And, um, you know, because, um, I was kind of irregular for [PHI-Personal] while and then we decided to go ahead and just, she had been taking it and I seem to get pretty good results with it.
Nurse: Perfect. Ok. Good. Well, I will update your, um, medication list and we'll, we'll get that changed around and get those vitamins and stuff added for you. Um, other than that anything else new going on?
Patient: No, no, I um, you know, my, my right knee, um, I baby it every so often I get [PHI-Personal] burning in it and I don't wanna do any kind of metallic knee or anything. I just so I'm taking care of my knee but every so often my knee will bother me. Um, but it's not super frequent, you know, when I [PHI-Personal] at church, sometimes I'll get [PHI-Personal] uh, I don't know if it's [PHI-Personal] meniscus torn or if it's [PHI-Personal], um, [PHI-Personal] nerve ending or something like that. So, I do, um, watch it pretty closely and when it does hurt, I just kind of stay off it completely and even though you, you know, like if you [PHI-Personal] with your left knee and then bring it down, you can manage the, uh, the burning. Ok. Only other thing that, in that, um, worries me, but it's not getting worse and it's, it's infrequent when it happens, but it does happen every so often. I mentioned, I, I mentioned it to, um, [PHI-Personal] who is the physician assistant that I deal with? I also mentioned it with doctor [PHI-Personal] while back too. Neither one of them really wanted to address it and I understand why, I mean, I, I don't wanna go and have surgery either. Um, so that's why I take the glucosamine. We did mention glucosamine. Right? Yes, we did. That's why I take that tablet is to kind of help with my, my joints. Ok. That would not be the only other ongoing thing that I kind of nurse.
Nurse: Now, um, do you ever do like any, um, elevation or, um, ice or heat on it to help when it, when it flares up?
Patient: Uh, no, I haven't done that. No. Um, now, now my wife has [PHI-Personal] something she got from CV S which by the way, the, the extra mo the money that they give us, that you can spend any way you want. Uh, that we're, we're on Aetna and they give us and we get CV S stuff. That's really great. I mean, we able to get vitamins like that. She bought [PHI-Personal], [PHI-Personal] little machine that send the electrical pulses, uh, like she uses it on her muscles [PHI-Personal] good bit. And I'm wondering if that would help my knee any, when, and when I do have pain
Nurse: Pain, that was gonna be my next, you know, suggestion was if you, um, you know, outside of your supplements and stuff like that, you know, try, you know, like the typical, you know, rice, you know, rest uh uh ice elevation, compression, um or compression, elevation. Um You know, if that seems to help, you know, some people, you know, like you said, sometimes you baby it or maybe, um, it feels like it's weakened. Um So some people find that, you know, buying just [PHI-Personal] generic, you know, knee brace over the counter. Um The one, you know, slides up over your knee or, you know, some people use ace bandages, like if they know they're gonna be doing like extensive, you know, more activity than they would normally do, you know, as far as maybe like taking [PHI-Personal] longer walk or hiking or things of that nature. Um You know, and then I always tell people too, you know, if you do the ice, you know, trying to do, um, you know, 15 to 20 minutes on at [PHI-Personal] time and then taking it off and allowing it, you know, to rest. Um, you know, if you do have inflammation, you know, or pain, um, sometimes, you know, that does help, try to, you know, decrease the inflammation and decrease the pain.
Patient: Yeah, I guess so. I guess I've been thinking you mentioned it before. I really need to try the, uh, the, uh, knee brace and see if that helps. I don't, I don't know if that would help or not, but I'll, what I'll do is I'll have anesthesia and you can mention it to her also in your next call with her, I'll try to have her use that CV S card to get me [PHI-Personal] knee brace.
Nurse: Yeah. And they have, they have different kinds, you know, um, as far as, like, you know, like I said, there's all, there's all kinds of generic over the counter. Um, you know, and it just helping, you know, compression, you know, as far as I feel like sometimes, like I said, if you're gonna be more active or things of that nature, um, people maybe just feel like maybe they don't compensate as much, um, because they feel like they have better support there. Um, you know, or if it's something you want to use, you know, afterwards, you know, after an activity you are, you know, elevating it, um, you know, icing it, you know, resting it, that sort of thing. Um, I also just tell people that if you're going to do that, just make sure that you're keeping, you know, [PHI-Personal] towel washcloth, [PHI-Personal] sheet, um, an old T shirt, you know, something wrapped around the ice or later across your knee, wherever you're, um, laying the ice on. So it's not, you know, directly ice on the skin. Um, so in that way, you know, you're not irritating the skin, you know, from the coldness of it.
Patient: Ok. Yeah, I, that's what, that's our good suggestions. I'm, I'm think that I probably should, should try to do something like that. Uh, either [PHI-Personal] brace or maybe the ice next time it flares up, flares
Nurse: Up. Yeah. And I mean, and if it doesn't work, let me know, you know, and then, you know, maybe then at that point, you know, we can, you know, if we need to bring it, you know, back to doctor, you know, or s attention at that point, you know, like, hey, it's an ongoing issue. We've tried, we tried [PHI-Personal] brace, we tried this, you know, and it's still to the point that it's affecting, you know, like your everyday activities. If it's worsening, you know, then we definitely need to address it. Um, you know, flare ups are [PHI-Personal] little bit easier to control, um, and kind of maintain. Um, you know, it's when you get into, like I said, you know, that, um, constant you know, it's affecting your everyday life, you know, when we, we get concerned. All
Patient: Right. Well, that would be the, the one ongoing concern that I have and, and right now it's, it's sporadic. I, I would not say, um, but I do my knee, that's for sure.
Nurse: And, you know, like I said, I'll put it in, you know, in your note in your flow sheet. Um, but I have, you know, that we discussed it and, you know, we'll just touch base on it and, you know, but like in the meantime, say, you know, uh, you know, I'll call, you try to call you all around the same time every month. Um, you know, if it was to worsen within that month of us, you know, not speaking and you need to call, you know, you can call this number like you did today anytime. Um, you know, and we can, you know, address it sooner. That's not [PHI-Personal], you know, an issue at all.
Patient: Ok. And I, what I'll do is I'll put, put this number in my contacts. Ok. Yeah, sure. That way, um, I'll have it if I need to talk with
Nurse: You. Yep. And if for some reason, you know, you call that number, if I'm on the other line with the patient or if I'm out of the office for lunch or something like that, um, it will transfer back to like the main nursing line and you can just request to speak to me and then it'll send you straight to my voice mail. Um, and I check that voicemail 2 to 3 times an hour. Um, just to make sure I'm not missing anybody's calls or anything like that. Um, it sends me an alert typically when I have [PHI-Personal] voicemail but I always double check it just to make sure. Ok. All right. Well, is, um, an SIA available to talk to,
Patient: Um, I think she, uh, she's upstairs. Um, I'm not quite sure what she's doing. She fiddles around with her Excel [PHI-Personal] good bit. Um,
Nurse: Or if you just want to, whenever maybe when she comes back down, if she wants to give me [PHI-Personal] call back in [PHI-Personal] little while she can.
Patient: All right, I'll, I'll, I'll mention it to her and she can give you [PHI-Personal] buzz on her
Nurse: Phone. Ok. Sounds good. And then I will, um, I'll check in with you next month. Like I said, if something changes or, you know, worsens or anything like that, you give me [PHI-Personal] call anytime. Ok. Okie doke. All right. Thank you so much. Have [PHI-Personal] good day. You too. Bye
Patient: Bye bye bye.
