Nurse: Hi, this is, I'm one of the nurses here. How can I help you?
Patient: This is, how are
Nurse: You? Oh, good. How are you? Ok. We finally caught each other. Oh, my goodness. Ok. So I just wanted to call and introduce myself. Uh, welcome you to the program. I am the nurse that was assigned to you for that care management program. Ok. Yes. Correct. So, what I will be doing is giving you a call about once a month just to check in and see how you're doing during that call. We can go over anything you need, whether it's a recent visit we'll talk about with change in meds or, you know, lab results or symptoms that you may be having. Essentially every, every call will be a little bit different based on what's going on for that month. Ok. In addition to that, we'll also set you up with some wellness goals. These are just things that um, [PHI-Personal] and I have put together that we wanna work on throughout the year. Like making sure you get your annual wellness visit done, any labs that are ordered any vaccines or imaging or anything that needs to be done. Um It's just all routine things, nothing out of the ordinary, but we'll make sure that we get those all checked off for you throughout the year. I'll send a copy of that list home for you just so that you know what we have here. And also I'll include my contact information with that, which you already know, but just so you have it written down. So if at any point, you need anything in between my monthly calls out to you. You're more than welcome to give me a call and I will help you out in any way that I can. Ok. All right. Do you have any questions on that at all? Um,
Patient: Not right now. I don't.
Nurse: Ok, great. All right. So something that I like to do in this first call is to just go through the medications to make sure that I have everything that you are taking. Um, so I see that there's quite a bit on your med list. Do you have a list that you follow? Do you have a pill box that you use? How do you keep track?
Patient: I just, I have them all set on the counter. Ok. I'm in a certain position where I know where they're at exactly where they're at and how to take them where to, what time of day to take them.
Nurse: Ok, good. So if I read off the list that I have here, can you tell me if you're taking that medication or not? Yep. All right. So, the first one I have is a vitamin B two. It says 100 micrograms, four tablets daily. Yep. Ok. And then I have a Zofran.
