Nurse: Hi. So, hi,
Patient: How are you? Oh, not too bad.
Nurse: Did you guys get the Hoyer list?
Patient: Yeah. But it's gonna have to be sent back because one of the wheels is that when you go to it, it's the bearing is gone and it, and it tips. Thank God. I had my granddaughter sitting in at first because he would have tumbled right out. Oh, God. So, I haven't had time because my sister was taken to the, uh, upstate medical and I have to go get her today but she had a bleed out and she's had four units of blood. She almost died on us. Oh, God. So, I bet, uh, you know, one day I went there and I haven't had time to call and my doctors called me and, you know, a whole bunch of crap going on and, yeah, I gotta pick her up today at noon. Do
Nurse: You? Oh, boy. Um, who, who do we get this from again? Home care? Yes. Uh, let's
Patient: See. And, you know, I, I'm just at the point where they could take it and never mind, you know? No, because I'm, I'm done. Yeah. Starting with them. And they send me, you know, no instructions, which I already knew how to do it anyway. But the thing is, is that, yeah, you go to open it or even move em. Mhm. And we even try to tighten it a little bit, but you can't do that either because then it won't roll at all and it bends anyways. The whole one side bends, you know, I know who, you know, like I said, it was an [PHI-Personal] year old that brought it here, probably [PHI-Personal] year old. And what, whatever, but I don't care anymore, you know, because he ate that, you know?
Nurse: Ok. Do you want me to have them take it, pick it back up? Just so he's not getting charged for it? Yes.
Patient: Yes, because I'm not dealing with it no more. Ok.
Nurse: No, you wanna go somewhere else, you know? Huh? Do you wanna go somewhere else?
Patient: No. No, it's fine. We're at a point now that, you know, he's not that heavy. We can deal with it.
Nurse: Yeah, he's a [PHI-Personal] person though, right?
Patient: Um, so I'm just, you know, like I said, I
Nurse: Just, I just don't, that's ok. I mean, I mean, as long as you're safe and using body mechanics, you know what I mean? Um,
Patient: I have enough help if I go bad, you know, I got enough help that they will deal with it. So,
Nurse: Um, so the wheels bars bad.
Patient: Yeah. And, uh, so, um, if they can't come today, then come, uh, Monday
Nurse: To get it Monday.
Patient: Ok, because I'm not gonna be here and my
Nurse: Daughter, I'll take care of that for you. Um,
Patient: I'm sorry,
Nurse: You're fine. You're dealing with a lot. Um, there's always someone else he, you doctor to order to, um, as well if you don't wanna go through them, if you, I mean, I know you have a lot going on, like I said,
Patient: I'm done.
Nurse: Yeah. Ok. Um, and she,
Patient: Otherwise that's doing fine. Ok. Me, my nerves are almost shot. Yeah.
Nurse: Well, take care. I know.
Patient: Not bad. I, yeah, I went down to Syracuse, went the other day to see her and, you know, and she was in ICU, oh, Jesus, you know, and took her son and he's had foot surgery and so I had to take the wheelchair and everything for him. Pushed the ball up. We made it there and made it back without, you know, me having a nervous breakdown. Yeah, because I don't like driving out of where, I don't know, but we had the GPS thing. So. Oh,
Nurse: Ok. All right. Yeah, I'll call them and I'll just tell them that you, you're, you just don't want, don't want it. Um, that [PHI-Personal], um, out there so they could pick it up. Yeah. You know, but in the future if you do want one there's always someone else you can go to. I can't believe they did that,
Patient: You know. Like I said, I'm sure glad that I put my granddaughter in it first. Yeah, because we wanted to test it before I used it, you know. Mhm. On them. And, yeah,
Nurse: How tiny is she?
Patient: She's well tinier than him.
Nurse: Yeah. Is
Patient: She? Yeah. Yeah. Even on a regular floor this, it was on a rug but even on a regular floor does the same thing.
Nurse: Oh, yeah. Ok. All right. I'll call them and I'll just let you know what they say. Ok and when they're coming ok
Patient: Or you know, or call my daughter in law and she will, you know, she will give me the message because I'm right in the middle of trying to feed him and get ready to go by 10 30 so by 10
Nurse: 30. Ok, what's your daughter in law's phone number then? It's she's
Patient: Gonna be right here today. Oh
Nurse: Right there. Ok, I'll leave her the message then. Ok. All right. Ok, I'll talk to you soon and get some rest too. Ok. Ok. Alright bye dear.
