Nurse: Good morning. This is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you?
Patient: Uh Good morning. This is [PHI-Personal] and I got a message yesterday to call this number.
Nurse: Hi, [PHI-Personal], how are you today? I'm doing fine. That's good to hear. Just bear with me one moment while I pull up your information here. Ok. Sure. Thank you. Ok. And just letting you know that this call is being recorded for quality purposes, but I was just reaching out regarding the new care management program that Doctor [PHI-Personal] is providing and that's a phone call from a dedicated nurse where she checks in with you and shortly in between your office visits, she'll answer any questions or concerns. Assist with things like medications, lab results, managing your conditions and symptoms, really anything pertaining to your health. And she'd be an added resource for both of you. More importantly, it keeps Doctor [PHI-Personal] updated with your current conditions and any changes that may be happening. And it also helps avoid urgent care or emergency room visits. Care management is treated as a billable service to [PHI-Personal], [PHI-Personal] Advantage plans and secondary insurance carriers and may be subject to deductible coinsurance and copays and your nurse can reach out on a monthly basis or every couple of months, whichever works best for you. Do you have a preference of whether she calls in the morning or in the afternoon? Um, I know sometimes it's tough to say,
Patient: Um, no, it doesn't make any difference.
Nurse: Ok. So I'll let her know, try calling at any time and if she doesn't reach you, she will leave a message with her name and phone number, but then I'll also mail out a letter for you that has her phone number, so you can call her any time you need to as well. And I'll send that to 31 19 Inverness Drive in Hutchinson for you. And then to confirm here is Medicare still your primary insurance. Yes. And then the Mutual of Omaha secondary for both of you. Yes. Ok, perfect. So I'll get that letter mailed right out and then your nurse will be reaching out within the next two weeks for the first phone call. Ok. That's ok. All right, Dennis. Thank you so much for returning my call this morning. I appreciate it and I hope you have a great day today. Ok. You too. Thanks. Thank you. Bye bye.
