Nurse: Hi, good morning. This is [PHI-Personal]. How may I help you?
Patient: Good morning, [PHI-Personal] Glen Gross. Here. I, I'm wondering a little bit about the chair. Did they, did she working on that? Uh, um,
Nurse: She's been off all this week. Oh, ok. Yeah, doctor [PHI-Personal] on vacation, um, this week and I'm not sure. Let's see. Um, I don't think that I don't see where anything has came in from your, um, DME supplier even for her to because like I said, remember she had told me, um, to my knowledge this requires face to face office visit, which will have to be 30 minutes. They usually have strict requirements for the desired chair. I am leaving mid next week and I'll be out of town until [PHI-Personal]. When is patient moving and that's the patient. Well, um, say [PHI-Account] 22 but I don't even see where the form has come in yet. From the ho E home health care. Ok. Yeah, they, I don't think they sent anything over even to start the process because I had a message to look at it on Monday when she, um, came back. Um, do you want, would it be easier to go ahead and set an appointment and then you try to get that form from the e home health care to bring with you versus waiting until the last minute to scramble around Glenn. Well, that
Patient: That would be good. Yeah. Ok.
Nurse: All right, let's
Patient: See here.
Nurse: And is there a date time that works better for you or?
Patient: Uh well, let me look at my schedule here. Ok, ne next week. Alright I have uh nothing really scheduled that I can see for next week. Um so see there might have been something but I'm just trying to think of what day it would have been maybe not Thursday but I I don't think I have anything for the early part of the week. Let's see
Nurse: Let me call and ask about this and how about um would [PHI-Personal] on uh next Tuesday the 10th work for
Patient: You?
Nurse: I think so. All right let me call the office and make sure um about this form. Can I place you on hold for a few moments? Gle Yeah sure thanks just a moment.
Patient: Mhm. And you. Mm uh uh oh I gotta bring you a couple. Alright I might take those potatoes but I don't uh yeah I can try and see what happens. I don't think that drink is doing anything more. Ok. Ok here good so [PHI-Personal] that we had less than the rain in [PHI-Personal] was. How much of an inch was it? Do you remember 0.2 or point point 19.19 is good?
Nurse: All right, Glen, thanks for holding. I spoke to [PHI-Personal]. We put you in, um, at the [PHI-Personal] o'clock on, um, Thursday [PHI-Personal]. And, um, but I do need, um, you to go by and get the form because if something happens and we're relying on them to send the form and they don't, then she's not gonna be able to help you with that. Ok. So, um if you'll go by and pick up that um certificate of medical necessity form, then we'll be able to get that going for you. That's for
Patient: The uh, yeah, it's called
Nurse: AC MN certificate of medical necessity. [PHI-Personal]
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. What, what is it? Time time?
Nurse: [PHI-Personal] at [PHI-Personal] o'clock
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Mhm. All right. Well, thank you very
Nurse: Much. Yep. And um, while I've got you on the phone since we're getting close to you all leaving either one of you having any other issues concerns and um anybody need any med refills to get started for those [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal] here. Hi [PHI-Personal]. Um I, if, if, if doctor would do it, I thought I would maybe take one more refill of the Ativan because I am using a little more with getting ready for the move and everything. Ok. Hang tight for me. Let me see when the last time it was filled for you, [PHI-Personal] just a second. I don't need it. Right now but if I could have it before we go, that's what I was trying to, to um plan ahead for y'all until you can get everything. I'm not sure I, I hear Canada has better health care than we do, so I'm not overly concerned about like that. I don't think that's true. Really? Well, they um they have cheaper health care but whether it's better we sent the one on [PHI-Account]. Um, did you pick that up? Ok. Yeah, the um, then insurance will not let that happen until [PHI-Account] 18. So it, yeah, every 30 days for, for um, any then. So if you will call me back, I'll send a reminder to try to call you. Um, but if you don't hear from me, then you call me back and of course I'll be following up with Glen on the chair and everything too. Yeah.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: Thank you very much. Is your sleeping doing ok. Are you getting better with that? Which sleeping sometimes I sleep pretty, pretty good and sometimes I'm kind of awake towards morning but it's all like I, I don't um try to stress out stress about it. Ok. And overall how would you say anxiety's been, been able to redirect yourself when it happens, you know, getting out for kind of up and down. Yeah. Oh yeah. And, but not to the point like we talked about of the impending doom, fast heart rates, you know, sweaty like that just more of the underlying nagging part of it. Right. Right. Ok. Yeah, sounds great. I'll send a message to call you back that day. But if you don't hear from me, please don't be afraid to reach out to me because sometimes I do get a little busy and my calls get led up. Ok. Ok. Thank you and goes by and gets that form for his appointment on Tuesday. Yeah. Does he know where to get the form um at the at the Home Health place, the the DME supply or the or the Dmee Home Healthcare? Was that the name of it? Home Health? Yeah, just run by there and tell him you need ac of medical necessity. Ok. Certificate of medical necessity I say yeah, just say I'm going to my doctor to get the form filled out to get the power chair through uh Medicare and they'll know what to give you since they haven't sent it yet. I just don't want you to get there on Tuesday and then it not be there and then we have to reschedule and everything else. So you'll run by there and pick it up. I'll put that ball in your court. Ok, I have it written down here. Thank you. Thank you. If you have any issues, let me know. Sure. Alright. Take care. Bye bye
Patient: Bye bye June the 18th, please.
