Nurse: This is [PHI-Personal]. May I help you?
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal] calling. Um I really don't have a problem today but I had gotten information about joining the the, you know, care team care. Yeah, and I wanted some information on that. Ok,
Nurse: What was your last name? I'm sorry,
Patient: [PHI-Personal] RT. Ok. Yes, I was wondering, I noticed on talk about [PHI-Personal] encouraging. How much [PHI-Personal] billed are you billed for every ca are they bill for every call you make or is it a monthly thing or it
Nurse: Is, it is billed um monthly but it's billed based on the call. So like on what service is done? Does that make sense?
Patient: Yes, it sort of does. Yeah, because I just, I have very good health insurance through [PHI-Personal] and my secondary hop and I don't want any of that compromised at all. Oh,
Nurse: No, this is a, this is a [PHI-Personal] program. Ok. Um That that's the the clinic has chosen to participate in and so what it is is it works a couple of different ways we can call you or you can call us. Um So if you called in needing something. Um so you weren't feeling well. I had questions about something, concerns about a medicine. Um, you know, you'd had a test of some kind done and, and didn't understand, then we would discuss that with you. Educate you on that. If we needed to send, um, a triage to [PHI-Personal], we will, um, if we need to get you an appointment in to see [PHI-Personal], we will do that for you.
Patient: So, it's
Nurse: Kind of like having your own private nurse.
Patient: Yeah.
Nurse: So, um, but yeah, it's a program that [PHI-Personal] started and the, the reason behind it was, um,
Patient: If you can earlier and not get into a big mess with [PHI-Personal], you're better off. Huh?
Nurse: Right. And they did it really to, to help educate patients and to keep them from going to the emergency room so often and hopefully decrease hospitalizations. That was the reasoning behind it.
Patient: I understand that completely. Yeah, I, you, um, another question then my BP readings from last week and this week and it is going down. It's in the one forties now we were up much higher than that in the one seventies and even higher. I see
Nurse: That it was really high when you were in the office in [PHI-Personal].
Patient: So I honestly, it's not, it's, I'm going to say it's more of an anxiety problem than it is a BP problem. I'm trying to learn to deal with that. I have two sisters who are very ill. Right. Now one is on a feeding tube. She's gonna be on at least three months. Um, at least three months. She has cervical and she swallow and everything. And the other one has, you know, that, like, and I can't see that they don't live near me. But anyway, that's part of it. But I will say, I think it's more of an anxiety problem than it is strictly BP. Have a lot going on. I fell in um February and shoulder. I didn't need surgery, but I'm getting over that. But you know, told me it would take 18 months for that to heal on its own. So, and I just got a lot going on this. I was on five mg of um amLODIPine and [PHI-Personal] and the Losartan. We found out none of the sar work for me. So she put me on amLODIPine, which seems to be working. But she wanted me to like 22 pills a day, 10 mg, which I'm doing it all at once and that's be working. But uh I have a 90 day prescription for the five mg and uh I know the pharmacy is not gonna wanna refill my prescription. So I was wondering if they can call in, you know, if you could call in and get the 10 mil. I don't know if they make a 10 mg pill or not, but um or at least um explain to them that two a day instead of one a day and I would need it refilled sooner.
Nurse: Sure. So how are, how is your BP? Because I, is that to Wife Pharmacy first? Let me,
Patient: Yeah, I've got them right here in front of me. Ok, I'm gonna say they're running in the, let's see, the lowest one was one for 1 40 the highest 21st day I started was still 1 54 but they're mostly in the mid one forties or low one forties over 66 68 72 or something like that. And my pulse runs about 62 to 65 68 something like that. Ok. And I've taken it at different times of the day and I know certain foods I eat are gonna raise it too. You know, if I have more sodium in them or something that will raise it and I keep a watch on it and it's definitely coming down. I, I don't think as long as I have the anxiety issues that are going on and I don't mean I can't handle it but sometimes they just wear their ugly head. I don't think [PHI-Personal] gonna expect to see me or I don't think she will see me in the one twenties. Maybe get down in the one thirties. But I spoke to my in Tennessee this morning, she said she runs like like 1 35 1 42. That so right. I'm glad I'm glad to be in the 1 40. You wanna know the truth?
Nurse: Oh, yes, ma'am. That, that blood, that BP at the office that, that 2 14 on top was a little high and sometimes it goes up when we come to the office just that anxiety of coming in there. Um because it was down when they checked it the second time. So that was much better.
Patient: And then, but I, yeah, and
Nurse: When we have, when we have so much anxiety going on too overall.
Patient: Yeah,
Nurse: In our life um yeah, is um it raises our BP. Yes,
Patient: It does. It's a factor.
Nurse: And so learning to cope with that anxiety is a major.
Patient: Yes, it is learning curve
Nurse: Curve. So you don't know when, when you feel yourself getting that, that anxious to just step back, take some slow deep breaths, relax, think about things that are positive.
Patient: Um I have um I forgot what your name was. [PHI-Personal]. [PHI-Personal]. I have a great and I rely on that much piece from that [PHI-Personal] does have um 0.25 mg of clonazePAM. I was on so, but I was taking care of my husband then with cancer and we were going to chemo and radiation and you know, he in and out of the hospital and all kinds of things. So he passed away in [PHI-Personal]. So I'm slowly getting, you know, slowly getting more in control of that. But then having the fall and having to have therapy and going through the exercises that I do every day and everything that, that sort of set me a little bit. But I'm aware is that I'm, I'm fully aware of that and I do take the clonazePAM, you know. But, um, like I said, I'm curve, I'm, it, you know. But, um, anyway, I'd like to, um, you know, join the, um, I think, you know, like the management program. Yes, ma'am.
Nurse: Yes, ma'am. It would be me. So it would be me that would be calling you um, is monthly. Ok.
Patient: Uh Yes. Ok. Right. Time too. Right. You
Nurse: Can call me anytime. Yes, ma'am. I'm, I'm here 8 to 4 30 Monday through Friday. I do have voice mail. Ok. So if I'm on the phone with another patient, um, it will let you leave me. Ok? And I will call you back. You can also leave a message after hours, you know. So if you think of something and you wanna call and say, you know, hey, I, this is going on, I will call you back as soon as I come back in the next morning. Um, but yeah, I, I would love to, to help you out in any way I can. Ok,
Patient: I appreciate that very much. That's it. I just think it's a wonderful program. I just wanted to make sure my insurances will not be compromised in any way because like I said, I've never honestly the most I pay is $20 for a copay, even a specialist. So I have, you know, very good coverage and I, I was concerned about the [PHI-Personal] too.
Nurse: No, ma'am. This is a [PHI-Personal] program. They encouraged it. Um, and it actually they had started it before COVID.
Patient: Uh huh. But
Nurse: Then when COVID started, they really started encouraging people to take the, you know, to, to do the programs, providers to enroll, um, because of keeping people out of the emergency room and being exposed to COVID
Patient: Or, or one of their urgent care. Right. Yeah. Well, it's been good to talk to you.
Nurse: Well, it has been a pleasure and I will go ahead. I will put a letter in the mail to you. Just, it'll be another letter that just has my name and phone number on there, which that's the number you called today. That's my direct number and it'll have your wellness goals on the bottom. It's things you've already been doing, but it's just a reminder that [PHI-Personal] has to send out. Ok.
Patient: Thank you very much.
Nurse: Thank you, MS [PHI-Personal]. You have a great rest of your day and a wonderful week.
Patient: You also take care. Bye
Nurse: Bye.
