Nurse: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal]. How may I help you?
Patient: Hi [PHI-Personal]. Uh, my name is [PHI-Personal] and uh I had received a call from you a couple of days ago for [PHI-Personal] and [PHI-Personal] for uh, looks like you have a new program or something going on. [PHI-Personal]. Yes.
Nurse: Give me one quick second just to pull up your profile here. Right? Awesome. Ok. Yeah. So the reason for the call today, well, the other day is uh, Doctor [PHI-Personal] actually has a new care management program which he is providing for both you and [PHI-Personal]. Um, and basically all it is is just a call from a dedicated nurse to help answer any questions, refill prescriptions, chat about previous or future visits, discuss any other issues going on and things of that nature. Ok. This is a program like I said that both of you are qualified for, which allows both of you to maintain peak health by having this nurse contact you. Ok. All of these calls are documented and sent to uh, Doctor [PHI-Personal] for a review and are treated as billable services to Medicare, Medicare Advantage plans and secondary insurance carriers and may be subject to deductibles, copays and coinsurances. Ok. I do just want to let you know that if you have any copays when you see the doctor in the office, you will also have one for this program and obviously it, it works vice versa as well. If you do not have one in the office, you will not have one for this program. Ok. Ok. Is there a time of day that works best for the nurse to give you a call, morning or afternoon?
Patient: Well, let me explain a little bit about myself. Ok. Ok. Uh, I had back surgery three months ago. Uh, yesterday I visited my neurosurgeon and basically, uh, they're going to follow me because they've had me in a trial. Ok. Uh, they have referred me to a hip doctor because I think the hip and the back I've had problems with for several years. Do, would I benefit from that right now or do I need to get over this problems that I'm having? And I'm having constant care with my doctors right now?
Nurse: So I, is, is the question, would this program benefit you? Yes.
Patient: Yes. I guess I am asking that
Nurse: Question. So from as the most unbiased possible opinion possible, I would say yes, specifically because you already have a lot of issues going on and this allows another nurse to kind of just check in on you. See how you're doing, see if she needs to communicate anything with the other doctors in case you can't reach them or, hey, I need a prescription for whatever, from the surgery and I just can't get a hold of my doctors. Hey, this nurse is a phone call away and she will pick up basically. So I would, I would say yes, but obviously I'm not. You.
Patient: Well, uh, that, that was my thought and, and, you know, of course, we both have chronic pain and when you say chronic pain management that, you know, that kind of definitely puts you on the spot to think about, you know, this is something that could be very beneficial and I understand what the program does. Now. I'm Doctor [PHI-Personal] patient, but doctor, my husband is doctor [PHI-Personal], patient. Got it. I think you mentioned that in, in the call that you made to us. So, um, as far as calls to us, um, normally the best time it is to get us is probably between a 4 to 5 time frame because I am in therapy also. Uh, and I'm having this doctor's visit. So, uh, if I was going to choose the best time to receive a call from the nurse, it would be probably 4 to 5 in the afternoons.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, sounds good. And yeah, Doctor Winkleman totally understands that he all patients have their own set of issues and they all have, you know, XY and Z wrong with them and same thing with Doctor Vargo and he just wants to provide this for everybody basically. So it's not, it's not selecting certain people who have chronic versus, you know, whatever. So, yeah, and I do wanna mail both of you some information about the program, just kind of explaining everything in more detail. I have the address here in front of me, a 3 45 Hill road in Harrisburg. Is that correct? That is correct? Fantastic. Awesome. Well, thank you so much for your time. I greatly appreciate it. Have a great rest of your day. Ok. All right. Thank you, sir. You're very welcome. Bye bye, bye bye.
