Nurse: This is [PHI-Personal]. May I help you?
Patient: Hey, this is [PHI-Personal] again. Yes, ma'am. I called down to the pharmacy. Uh huh. The lady I spoke to said she has to call and make sure everything's ok with the 20 mg twice a day. And she also gave me the correct prices, but the price on the bottle of the benzoyl peroxide wash. She said that 16, 16, 24 for an eight ounce bottle.
Nurse: Ok. Wonder if the other pharmacy told me the wrong pri the wrong thing. Yeah,
Patient: Because she said that would be your price for an eight ounce bottle. And she said, do you want me to find out how much a 10 ounce bottle is? I said, yeah, she's gonna call the doctor and, and find out and then the process.
Nurse: Ok. Well, they talk like they'd already taken care of the 20 mg thing too. So,
Patient: Yes.
Nurse: So she's gonna run the, the other one through and see because if there's not much difference you'd be better off to just get the bigger bottle when you
Patient: Correct. Yeah.
Nurse: Well, when I called down there earlier, the pharmacist I talked to, it was a gentleman he was not very pleasant. Um, no, he just acted like, you know, there's no coupon for that medicine. And I said, yes, there is. And I have the numbers. I said, could you just please run it? Well, he didn't want to. It was like it was taken out of his day or something. I don't know. I almost said, you know what? I think we can probably get this at her local pharmacy. We'll just go there. But I didn't,
Patient: That's gonna be my next step though. Well, because
Nurse: I mean, the, the wash stuff, it's because when I got to looking at that too, it's not anything that you have to make up. So I don't know why they use this one certain pharmacy, but
Patient: I should call my pharmacy and how much find out how much the 20 mg of Doxy will cost me. Yeah, just to compare
Nurse: Prices. Well, and ask them about the, about the benzoyl peroxide wash. They may have that
Patient: Too. I think I will do that. Yeah, when the girl called me back and I said, well, you know, you guys weren't very pleasant. So, yeah, go elsewhere. Yeah,
Nurse: Because I mean, it would be different because I thought maybe it was something that they were having to mix and that does cost more or that's why she used that certain pharmacy. But, um, I mean, it's not anything special so you should be able to get it at any pharmacy and Doxycycline. Lord's been around forever. Everybody has that.
Patient: That's right. So,
Nurse: But just be careful when you start the doxy, you know, you might, might wanna get you some yogurt.
Patient: OK? Yeah. Yeah, I have some
Nurse: Here because it might cause you to have a little diarrhea. So get you some yogurt and start getting you some good um good culture into your bacteria, bacteria into your gut in case it tries to bother you.
Patient: Ok. Dokey.
Nurse: All right. Let me know though if you have any trouble or if you do, you want me to call your pharmacy? I don't care at all.
Patient: Well, if you'd like to and yeah, I
Nurse: Don't mind at all because
Patient: I, I think you have the coupon code for that. Yeah,
Nurse: You use pharmacy. Right. Correct. Yeah, let me call him and I'll call you right back.
Patient: Ok? All
Nurse: Right. You're welcome, talk to you soon.
Patient: Alright. Bye bye.
