Nurse: Hello. Is, this is
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. Hi Carry. This is [PHI-Personal]. You left a message on my phone yesterday? Oh, ok. You were just checking in?
Nurse: Yeah. How are you doing today?
Patient: I'm ok. How are you? I'm
Nurse: Doing good. Let, let me jump into your, um, chart here. Yeah.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: Yeah. So it looks like, let's see. When did we talk last? Oh, we did talk in. Oh, no, you talked with [PHI-Personal] in [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: Ok. So how has everything been going since you spoke with [PHI-Personal]?
Patient: Well, I was put on Metformin. Ok. Put me on Metformin and it is not working because I, I was on it for 22 weeks at one pill in the afternoon and I got accustomed to that. And then when I went back to put do two, I, I started two pills. My BP was just high all day. So I stopped because I thought, well, I took it in the morning with my, um, what do I take? I can't even think, um, metoprolol and I thought, well, maybe I shouldn't do that. So I stopped that and then when I restarted it again, I mean, I, I went on another pill in the morning. Um, I'm looking at my notes here. Then I went for a while with two days. Just one a day. Then I started two pills on, I tried it on the [PHI-Personal]. I started to try two pills a day. And, uh, have you that, that I didn't, uh, one at breakfast and one, didn't take supper pill. Oh, I had, I got the diarrhea really bad when I was trying to keep the two pills. Take the two pills. I had the diarrhea really bad. I mean, I couldn't, didn't feel comfortable going anywhere, you know, and I said to [PHI-Personal], I said, I'm, I'm stopping him because this week here we had, he had, he has cancer. So we had a CT scan. Yeah, he has stage four cancer and I just can't, I take care of him. You know what I mean? I can't, I got to be up and moving around but we have a week of this week he had a CT scan on Monday, Tuesday. We had a dental appointment yesterday. We, he had, uh, scheduled a bus trip for us to find, um, then tomorrow now he has doctor, the cancer doctor and I said I'm just going off the pill and I'm gonna try to watch what I eat, you know, try to manage it. I know, uh, my blood was like 6.46 0.5 and that was previous to COVID because I was going to the gym three times a day. You know, I was exercising. Well, I'm falling on all of that. I've got to get back into a routine and it went up like to 7.47 0.5. So, Doctor [PHI-Personal] tried to get me on some medicine. What I'm trying to do today, starting this morning, I'm writing down, I'm eating, um, so I can kind of see where I'm going off base. I'm going to try to get more exercise. This is a busy week here, but I do have a treadmill at home. So I'm only, it's only myself to blame you that. But I'm tired until I get my work done and help him out and he, he's doing good. It's just some extra things you have to do for him, you know. So I'm gonna try, I, I do have a doctor appointment and I forget when it is cause I don't have my calendar for blood work. So I'm gonna try to do my best in trying to eat healthier and get some more treadmill in, at home here and some exercise. Um, just to see how it is if I can bring it down at all with that and then just meet with him at my next appointment and see what, see what we can come up with. Then I, I it is very hard for me to take medications cause I always have side effects from everything. You know. I, I'm gonna try to, better to try to get back into just making myself just, and another thing I had the diarrhea and that, and I was exhausted the whole time. Maybe that's the diar, I don't know.
Nurse: You know what I mean? I mean, it definitely could be. Yes, it definitely could be. And unfortunately that's like the biggest side effect with Metformin and why a lot of people don't wanna be on it, which I don't blame them.
Patient: Well, I was just a little bit, it only 500. I had myself that this is gonna be fine and I can keep going, you know, and it was like, I just couldn't, and I thought I'm not, I, I need to be more viant on how I'm living my life, I guess. I don't know.
Nurse: Well, you know, and that's good that you recognize that. And honestly, you know, you're not insulin dependent so you can control this with diet. You know, the biggest, um, you know, the, the main things to remember is, you know, carbs are good in moderation. Carbs, you know, break down into glucose in your body. So you need those. But too many will make it be too high. If you don't eat enough, your sugar goes too low and then your starches, your pastas, your breads. Um, you know, that type of thing. Potatoes watching those because they turn to glucose. Yeah. So, really, it's, it is it's, it's, uh, um, you know, just a learning, learning thing with your diet and seeing what works. But, yeah, definitely writing that stuff down. And if you want, I can send you some information on that,
Patient: Through, through email.
Nurse: Well, no, I'll mail it. Um, it'll come in the mail.
Patient: Ok. That would be great because my, my problem is, is when I cook I don't use spices to make things taste good because don't really like a lot of spice. I have to watch because I'm allergic to shellfish. So I love chicken and broccoli, which I think I'm gonna have later on. But, uh, they, their sauces could include clam sauces, oyster sauces, which that I'm all allergic to. Um, it was at a point making my own sauce, soy sauce and trying my own teriyaki sauce, but it was just a little sweet and I didn't like it, the teriyaki sauce. It wasn't what I think it should have tasted like when I taste the bottle stuff, you know, but I just never know what's in the box stuff. I don't know what other ingredients they're using, you know? Sure, you can read the bottle. But who understands everything they're saying because they, they don't put it in English and
Nurse: That's so true. Um, well, have you ever tried Dash?
Patient: I, I didn't and my daughter's on me all the time and that's why I know I have to be aware because she's on my case. All the time. You know, mom, that she doesn't even know about the diabetes because I thought she's enough dealing with her dad. You know, I, if I can control this myself, you know, I've got to, I've got to try it but I have to look at things and, and see different seasonings and, and I have to incorporate more vegetables and more fruits. This is gonna be a good time of the year because the fresh fruits, the urine stuff like that are coming in.
Nurse: Yeah, that's so true. Yeah, the farmers market, there's all kinds of good stuff you can get there and. Right. Yeah. But that misses dash seasoning. It doesn't use any sodium, which is good too, you know? And, um, it's really, she has all kinds of different concoctions but that would be something you might be able to use too. That
Patient: Do you know of any that is that you particularly like that? I just, you might use other stuff that you, you might be a good cook and use other stuff.
Nurse: Um, yeah, I mean, she's just got, I don't know, there's so many, I
Patient: Think there's so many you have to look and just see, which is your
Nurse: Preference. Yeah. Like she has some for poultry. She has some, you know, that would be more for, you know, your seafoods which, you know, you can't have. But, um, you know, then she's got like, the grilling kind, you know, to use on your meats and vegetables. Uh, she's just got so many.
Patient: Ok, this is sh,
Nurse: Yeah. So, yeah, that would, that could be, uh, a possibility, you know, to help season some things.
Patient: Mm. Are you there? Yes, I'm here. Oh, ok. There's another call coming in but I'll get that one later. I think it's his doctor in. Do you will be back? No, I don't know how to end 10. End in accept. No, never mind. They hung up.
Nurse: I'm
Patient: Sorry. Oh, no, no. It, this is how today is going. Believe me, me, I got election day and I'm trying to catch up with everything else because we got so many, um, I got so many text messages from Monday morning to Tuesday, lunch time. You text messages and how do they get your number that they, it's, it's so upsetting, you know, any back to our call. What else do you need to know?
Nurse: Um, so I guess not really anything for you. I mean, unless there's something else you are concerned about, I'll definitely send out that, um, you know, some just educational material as far as diabetic dieting goes. Um, and then, yeah. Do you have any other major concerns for yourself?
Patient: No, no, this is just trying to figure out how to get that under control.
Nurse: All right. So then let's move on to your hubby. Let me get into his, how's he doing?
Patient: He's ok. He's ok. He just had ac t scan. I don't know if you received that already. Hopefully you did cause we do put Doctor [PHI-Personal] is uh you guys on it. Uh Now we didn't see his um cancer doctor as tomorrow afternoon and then he'll give us the results. And so far, um probably just about a year, close to a year there has been no new cancer and uh yeah, some of it i it's basically staying, it's the resting, it'll never go away. But he's on tics which, um, has been holding it at bay for us right now. So, we're gonna, yeah, but he's, he's doing ok. He's, he has his, on his toes. Seems like it's healing. We go to doctor for that. He, um, he has to see his endocrinologist. Uh, I know he has an appointment, like I said, on the calendar here. I can't, don't know. But he's an upcoming blood work appointment at your office. And then you'll send that down to his endocrinologist. He'll go there and he checks his and his, his, uh, sugars, you know, glucose and that, um, it looks like
Nurse: He's, his labs are on the [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Mhm. Ok. Yeah. And I knew it was in [PHI-Personal]. Sometimes he goes down to the endocrinologist. I just, I'm in this week right now. Sometimes only take a week at a time. Oh,
Nurse: That's all you can do really to help yourself stay, stay same because if you look too far into the future. It's probably very overwhelming, I'm sure.
Patient: Yeah. And, and that, I think why my sugars jump. My BP was up when I was down and watching. Supposed to watch that too, you know. Um, e everything just kind of it at once, you know that. Yeah, that's, it's called Life. Right.
Nurse: Right. Unfortunately,
Patient: I know. I know.
Nurse: So, have you looked into, like, getting any type of, like, help with him, like, any kind of resources?
Patient: No, he's really, he's really good. Stage four cancer. He does the driving. I don't drive because I'm losing my vision. So he does the driving. He was at my office with me today. I'm a secretary to church and he pulls the bulletins and, uh, but now he, he gets really tired, you know, he's tired now. So he's not sleeping and then he says, then we got to go to Walmart for Chinese and he, and he is doing good. He just, he doesn't realize he's [PHI-Personal] years old. If he other people his age and finds out how they feel. After two years of COVID that you couldn't do anything, it get back up and get your strength back. You know what I mean? He goes gym. He does do like, uh, [PHI-Personal] pushups. He's back up. He used to do 30 but he's at [PHI-Personal] and he does so many sit ups and, um, he walks on the treadmill and his feet give him problems because he has neuropathy and um, tics makes your feet sore. Yeah, that he did go to Hanger in [PHI-Personal] and he ordered two pair of diabetic shoes good and with inserts. So we're, yeah, we're trying to, we're learning about different things that are out there like that, you know, and I, I said to just go get them, you know. And, uh, so he, those, we, we were out there last week, I think so. He said 3.5 week we have an appointment and, and they should be in, you know, that then that might give him comfort and help him feel because some days he'll say, you know, my feet just wouldn't hurt. I feel, don't feel bad, you know, considering that he does things. We're like I said, he signed up for a bus trip. You know, it's not that he, he's laying around. I need help to take him and he'll empty the dishwasher. Sure and help empty the washer and he does things. It's just, and he push mows the grass and I ride it. He doesn't let me push that. But I said I can easily do that too, you know, but we just rest, we put our chairs in our garage, play the music and have our water and Gatorade there and take a rest whenever we need it. Good for you. That's
Nurse: Wonderful. That's wonderful. Yeah. So I'm so glad to hear that. He's still, you know, getting around and doing lots of things. That's great because that will keep him going. It might make him tired but it'll keep him going. If he just sits down in a chair and doesn't do anything, he'll deteriorate just like anybody
Patient: Would. You know, my, my sister died of cancer and, well, the day she found out she stopped in eight weeks to that day she passed away and I told him you will not do that. You will get. But he saw my two brothers and my sister and what they went through and my brother had both, um, prostate cancer that went to his bone and my other brother had liver cancer and they suffered. And he sounds, he said, he said, you know, he said, um, I, I, I know what I have and everything but he said, I, I just think I don't wanna go like that. I don't wanna lay there, you know, and just be helpful. I said, well, then we'll just keep going, you know?
Nurse: Exactly. Exactly. That's all you can do. Right. And it seems to be working. So, you know,
Patient: And that's in everybody's head. If you're told you have stage four cancer, sure. It's gonna be a fear. And I understand that, you know. Yeah, we keep, keep moving, make our plans and keep going
Nurse: Good. I'm glad to hear that. Sounds like you guys are a good team.
Patient: Well, you're either together or you're against each other, you know, one true. In times like this you have to be together.
Nurse: I agree. I agree. Yeah, I agree. All right, ma'am. Well, I'm so glad you gave me a call back. It was a pleasure talking with you. Um,
Patient: Well, we, we were on the bus trip yesterday and I never, I had my phone on silent. We went to see a show so I, I never saw, heard it my phone. So I saw that you guys go see um I left my dignity in my other purse. Ok? You're probably too young to remember. Um Why can't I think of, I can't even think of the show. Oh, [PHI-Personal] played in it and two girls, two three's company.
Nurse: Oh, yeah, I remember
Patient: That. Oh, ok. The the like and I can't think of the girl's name, the girl with the uh that play [PHI-Personal] with the dark hair. She was the main character in this, in this play that we saw. She, she, it was, it was very good. We, we had a good time and um that's all we can ask for. That's wonderful. Yep. Yep.
Nurse: Yep. Continue to make the memories.
Patient: Exactly. Exactly. Well, I don't wanna hold you up and that's all I'm doing by ing. But no, no, that's what I'm here for. Thank you for checking out.
Nurse: Oh, you're welcome. You take care. Let me know if you need anything. I
Patient: Sure will. Thanks
Nurse: A lot. Ok, you're welcome. Bye bye
Patient: Bye.
