Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal] Jo.
Patient: Hi, this is, I have a missed call from you if you calling about the [PHI-Geographic]. The, the, the thing that records the stuff I got the [PHI-Geographic] today. I put it on the table but I haven't set it up yet.
Nurse: No problem at all. Um, do you wanna set it up with me right now? Or you can always plug it in?
Patient: No, I'll do it later because I'm sitting on the bed trying to take care of some stuff. I really just want to lay down to tell you the truth, but I'm trying to take care of some things. I just throw them out and, um, yeah, I still feel stupid. I was sick. I was sick real bad. I think, I think I had the, about the COVID that I probably got from my son because he got sick. I didn't go outside to get sick and I told him I'm always tell them, do not get me sick because when they get me sick, stay sick for three or four days. Me, I'm sick. You're sick for months.
Nurse: Yes.
Patient: Yes. Yeah. But, um, because he had throwing up and coughing and stuff. He had a stuffy nose and he couldn't taste anything. He had the same thing in [PHI-Personal] when he got, um, COVID back then and gave it to me. I almost died. He was, well, within 23 days, same thing happened this time I had fever in my bones. The fever wouldn't go away for 3 to 4 days. I've been over all the, everything for like about a week now. My mouth says is funny. Um, I have no energy and I don't have much appetite. So, yeah. But, uh, I'm trying to do stuff but, uh, I, I'm not going to, I went to my doctor yesterday but I had to go because I had an appointment and it didn't go because I was sick when I'm sick. I try not to go to none of them. Right. Right. Yeah, I take care of myself the best way I can with, um, lemon and orange juice and anything citrus and then over the counter stuff from the health food store and the [PHI-Geographic] grocery store that grandparents used to use way back in the day. They have them here in [PHI-Geographic] now. So, yeah. And I don't like them. They're nasty. They're nasty, nasty. But at least you get, well.
Nurse: Exactly. You know,
Patient: And I can,
Nurse: Now, how about your head? Do you have that headache too?
Patient: I've always had the headache I have comes and goes. It's not, um, sometimes like yesterday I had a headache. I came home after the doctor's appointment and it got worse and I took two arthritis Tylenol cause I don't know how my other Tylenol is in here besides the Tylenol PM. I know what that is. But, um, after a while the headache went away and some of the other aches and pains went away so far today, I've only taken my, um, regular medication, my BP pill and, uh, what do you call that thing? Um, uh, Farxiga. I've only taken those two things today. Uh, oh, I took, I took my, this morning and my t, I took them this morning. I don't take them together with my, um, prescribed medicine. I give him even prescribed medicines. I don't take everything together. I put them like, two hours apart from each other or whatever because, um, I've been doing that for years because I don't know, sometimes when I feel sick, which pill making me feel sick if it's a combination or if it's because they mixing with each other and making me feel like nauseous and crappy. So I stopped doing that a long time now. So that way if I take something and I have any type of reaction, I know which one it is doing it. No. But, um, I pretty, I,
Nurse: Actually that's a good
Patient: Idea. Yeah, I take, um, what do I take the food for? I forget, but it's supposed to help to cleanse the blood too, but it helps me to, with the, the water retention and stuff. So I don't know what the, like yesterday talking about. I said, no, you're not giving me because I'm not going to have the pharmacy fill it and I'm not going to take it. So anyway, um, they just fill the stuff they have to fill. And, um, I, I take ri because it helps me, I don't take anything else for my, my diabetes except Trulicity. And the reason I take Trulicity because, um, it will help prevent the heart attack and the stroke, I take the Farxiga because when I started taking the Farxiga, I took a chance on it. And when I started taking it, even at the five mg, all my kidney numbers went down, down, down from being so high after all these years. And then my diabetic doctor, he increased it to 10 mg. So I try to stick with that one as much as possible. But when I'm sick, like I was sick 662 weeks ago, I don't take none of the medications because I'm taking all the stuff to get well. So I don't want to mixing it with it because I'm taking like the Buckley complete. I'm taking what they call this thing here. And I'm taking with Golden Seal. I ain't taking them regular medication. But when I got better, I stopped taking the other stuff. I haven't taken the, the, in about almost two weeks. I haven't taken the but you know what helped me a lot that you squeeze the lemon and the water and drop the lemon, the rest of the lemon with and everything down in it. That helps a lot. And I got, man, they were my best friends. So things like that. II, I use II I stay away from them as much as possible. I tell them, I tell my son here if I pass out or I feel like I can, I'll tell them call 911 because that's the only way they get me in the emergency room. Oh, it's scary. It's very scary. People go to the emergency room for one thing and they're lucky if they come back out alive, you're going in the hospital with one thing and while you're in the hospital you're getting something worse than what you went in with and, and it's happening more and more and more. The thing is that it's more out here now for people to know what's going on. It's not as covered up as it used to be when I was working in the hospital. I, I've seen some horrible, I work as a unit secretary on a message and I see some horrible things happen right there that memorial hospital, you know, and I've seen cover up the nurses like they do nothing, the doctors giving them all and they covering up this and covering up that and all kinds of stuff. I saw that with my own eyes. I was a witness to a whole bunch of cover up from when they mess up. So, you know, that's kind of scary to be your own witness. And then it's even more scary. I used to take care of people and I've had to take them off medications that they were having different effects to and all kinds of stuff. And after I take them off I will stop the medications that I noticed they have a certain reaction to Ambien was one of them and different things. And then I'll call the doctor's office and tell them I'm not giving them this, this medication anymore and I'll tell them the reason why I let the doctor know, you know, all different kinds of stuff. So after having years and years and 30 plus years of some kinds of crazy experiences, you know, how hard that is for me. I, so
Nurse: It is.
Patient: I told my friend,
Nurse: Oh, go ahead. Oh, I was just, I was gonna talk about how they've recently started hiring, um, patient advocates, um, and also medical assistants. But now the medical assistants, like, they're really starting to really bring them into practices. They kind
Patient: Of, they have, they have medical assistance all the time. But I find that the medical assistant to me, they wasn't really doing medical assistance type work except doing little like paperwork and giving you an injection here and there. They wasn't really doing stuff that I know that they went to school for because I started medical assistant classes. I stopped that. Then I did medical office management. I was half way through when I quit. And, um, I stopped with unit coordinator because the medical office management was most of the same thing as the health unit coordinator. And that's why I quit. I'm like, what the heck I doing this, why I did all this already. I'm working, doing the same thing and it make no sense. But I stayed in the hospital and then when I work as a, as a der I only work for like as a, for a few months after I got out of school because I was working at [PHI-Geographic] radiology down on uh beach. And then something happened that the kind of job I was buying that they promised me. And then when the job came available, they give it to somebody down at the desk downstairs because she was [PHI-Personal] and I'm not. And that person didn't know, I know some hole in the ground. Um, they had people there but even [PHI-Personal] ones that they were given positions to that were coming to ask me questions because they didn't have any school and not training for the positions they were given. I quit and I went back to c and a work at home health aid work and I made a lot more money anyway, you know, because you know, my friend asked me this morning if I ever experienced um you know, like racism towards me. I said, well, ever since I came to [PHI-Geographic] in 1980 [PHI-Personal] I came here in 85. I was in [PHI-Geographic] in 1986. I said I had it against me a lot. I said now I don't experience it as much as before. I said that the people I experience it most from is [PHI-Personal] Americans, not the [PHI-Personal] ones as you all may think. I've had it from the [PHI-Personal] ones too, but now I don't let none of that stuff bother me too much. It, it used to bother me and I used to get mad. What I got mad about the most though is because I'm [PHI-Personal] but I'm mixed, I'm mixed with Indian, East Indian and Portuguese, right? So even though even though I'm [PHI-Personal] and whatever you wanna call it, I have one of these people here called good hair. I think any hair is good here. It depends on how you want to treat your hair. Ok? I that kind of stuff. So because I have that so called good hair and my hair long and it looks India that oh you're not [PHI-Personal]. You wanna tell me what I am. So I walk with the picture of my father even though he's been dead almost 20 years now in my wallet. I mean a [PHI-Personal], I say you see that man, what color is he? He have nice hair too though. Name. Yeah. Nice [PHI-Personal], right? I'm good.
Nurse: One of my very, very good friends. She used to get that question all the time and it used to bother her. People would just be like, what are you? She like? Who asks that? Who says, what are you? Uh, you know, she gets, so
Patient: When I get that question, my wife shut them down quick. Even when I put the phone, they ask the stupid question about ethnicity. I put on my own [PHI-Geographic]. Human. Yes, I, so, and
Nurse: You know, you know what you have to do
Patient: When people, uh, what are you? I said, well, the last time I checked I was, uh, I'm from Earth and I'm staying right here. I'm not going anywhere else. Where are you from? They look stupid. You ask me stupid question. You take your stupid question. No one answer me. You know where you from? All these guys are stuff. One guy told me one time I was working at, um, that one that is now called Aven on the corner of and I was working there. Um, private, private, any, any type stuff. And I went to work on this guy asked me, he said, oh, what are you? I said what you mean? He said you in there and I said, no, I'm not, I'm [PHI-Personal]. I might make me come back there. That might not deal with me. To tell me I'm not [PHI-Personal], I'm eastern in there. Uh Do you want to tell me what I am? Because I had long hair then because my hair, the hair, the hair, your hair straight, you can keep it straight, keep it straight. So I brush my hair, I keep it straight and then I roll back my hair. I it in one and wrap it around in a b behind my head and stick some things in it. So you know you hair not everywhere you going to work. You don't want to hear long. You don't want to hear no crazy patient to to grab it or nothing else but you don't want to hear all over the place. Neither that man, you would need to tell me I am not [PHI-Personal]. I'm like OK, so you know what I am more than you. I know what I am. What you asked me for. You get mad what I would have said if you know what I am more than what I know I am, why you asking me and why you tell me what I am since you know what I am, why did you even ask me? He get mad. I was ready to hit him, ready to hit him. But I don't um think like that. You know my son that lives with me, my son is half [PHI-Personal], right? But all my Children but the other two don't look at because I was talking about my older son today, he put cocoa butter on his skin, face on everything you go out in the sun. I kept telling him stop doing that. He had nice. So, and now it here like you wouldn't think you have any kind of thing but feel [PHI-Personal] in him and it's from the chlorine in the pool and stuff like that. And I'm taking care of your hair on your skin afterwards. So my daughter was just talking about it and she said, ma if people know that you a mother, they wouldn't know that he have any kind of Indian or [PHI-Personal] or nothing in him as they were here. So we were talking about stuff like that. Even my daughter who was very light skin all her life, she's now too, but she still have that pretty hair, you know. But the thing is so my son in here it lives with me. He asked me yesterday, why don't I talk more? Like [PHI-Personal] is a friend of mine who speak with a bit of an American accent and he's like, well, she have a nice accent. I said, so you are ashamed of me. And no, I'm not. Why you want me to talk like somebody else. Do you know why I talk like this? I came here from this to this country legally. I didn't have to try to talk like an American to blend in with them because I was illegal I said I came here legally. Second of all, I speak like this because I am from another country. This is a part of my identity to let people know who I am. Why they don't tell the, the Italians that come here living here 500 years who haven't speak any [PHI-Personal]. And when they do speak [PHI-Personal], their accent is as thick as if they just came off a boat. You know, they don't tell that to the doctors who could hardly speak [PHI-Personal], whether they [PHI-Personal], whether they other from some other country, India, [PHI-Geographic], wherever the world, they from [PHI-Geographic] and they hardly speak [PHI-Personal]. And then you gonna ask me, what did they say? Why didn't you ask them what they, when they were talking to you? That's when I was talking to the secretary. But then, you know, tell me about my accent, right? One nurse told me one time I don't, I speak [PHI-Personal]. I told her, I said I speak more [PHI-Personal] than you do because Americans don't know how to speak [PHI-Personal]. They can't even spell neither. Well, they fire me. So where your thank you. She, she was, she was fast about the place and you show your stupidity. I don't call it racism. I call it stupidity, right? So I let my son know yesterday this morning, I just asked him, are you ashamed of me? Because I refuse to talk? I, I don't even talk like a tri tri I think I do. But when I go home to [PHI-Geographic], they tell me, don't talk, you know why my price can raise just as high as your price live there. They know that I don't live there. As, as I think I saw when I talk to people home on the phone, they say that I speak with an American accent. I say you get out and you get. But anyway, though I'm saying all this because you know racism, the word, the racism, which I think is redundant because I'm a believer in God and God create one race, the human race. I mean [PHI-Personal], [PHI-Personal], yellow, nothing human race is human race, right? So racism, you are right. I call racism just another form of hate to perpetrate against people because you hate them and you have AAA colorphobia, right? People hate me because I'm from the islands. One woman told me when I was living in [PHI-Geographic], you island people come here to take our jobs. I said, well, if your ass wasn't so lazy, I say if your as wasn't so lazy, we wouldn't have to do the jobs you all want to do. She said it was, she was a [PHI-Personal] American. She never, she never talked to me again. As long as I work in that place on while I was there, I say, and by the way, we are, people don't stay stuck in a job and a job like this for no, 2030 40 years. I say you all do because you all don't know how to do. Better. Leave me alone, don't. Yeah. Yeah. Now, um, sometimes, you know, a lot of my friends, I have one [PHI-Personal] American friend. No, I have [PHI-Geographic] of them live in, in [PHI-Geographic], which is so backwards. And, uh, live here. She is from [PHI-Geographic] but she was, uh, in the, uh, she was a military wife. So they were different places. So her, her attitude towards me is not like most [PHI-Personal] American attitude towards me. They pretend to be a friend until you hear those words coming from the mouth and they start to talk fresh about you and stuff like that, you know. Oh, yeah. Yeah, it's a lot of hate out there. But, um, for me personally, I guess this is me personally, my personal experience, my oldest son always thank me for the way I raise him. When they just came here. I had a, a trailer in a redneck [PHI-Geographic], save my little [PHI-Personal] Children right in that redneck. But you know, and stuff. But also too, I'm like, people are people, you know, have the good ones and the bad ones regardless of the color of their skin. Don't let the color of the skin fool you because a lot of them hit you even though they have the same skin color more than the people who don't have the same skin color like you and I get treated better by, they call them [PHI-Personal] people. I don't, I just call them just [PHI-Personal]. And these are southern people, southern people that they talk so much trash about. You know what I'm talking about? The southern, the southern [PHI-Personal] people have more. He, but they don't, everybody is the same. Right. Yeah. And I get treated like family by these people. You know, I, I, they, they might make fun every now and then I bought my ent and I tell them I get used to it because they don't get no better than this. So, um one time when I live in [PHI-Geographic], I was only there for a few months and when I went home in February of [PHI-Personal] because I decided I'm not staying in [PHI-Geographic] no more because I got winter in [PHI-Geographic]. I was back here in [PHI-Personal] in [PHI-Geographic]. I still in [PHI-Geographic]. But when I went home and I heard myself talking and my parents look at me, I started to cry. You know how in the few, in a few months because in the few months that I spent in [PHI-Geographic] and I went on my phone. So [PHI-Geographic] cause I didn't have, it was only this uh well, it was mostly [PHI-Personal] people but that didn't matter whether they were [PHI-Personal] or [PHI-Personal]. I didn't have any other um of my kind of people around me So I didn't realize that I was switching my accent so that they could understand me better. I didn't realize what I was doing until I went back home in February of the next year.
Nurse: And when your parents look at you fine, you didn't even realize that you had changed your accent. So they
Patient: Looked at me and they had like the eyes open big, but they had like a smile on their face and like they were right, the bus start laughing and that was no laughing matter for me. You know. So I made up my mind to be conscious of my accent. I don't care who around me or who not around me. And I don't have a lot of um [PHI-Geographic] people around me or even Chinese people. But when I recognize OK, God created me, this is the same God that create me different to everybody else. But still they would say that he create me and his name like I figure, OK, I'm from a different country. I look at all these different people that came here years before me, some of them came over s Island and all these different things and the history of it. And I look at all these people that came from different places to [PHI-Geographic] and how some of them don't even speak [PHI-Personal] and they've been here forever. You know, I come from [PHI-Personal] speaking, I come from an english-speaking country and I have a different accent. So, what I look at [PHI-Geographic], [PHI-Geographic] alone have about 10 different accents. I said they can't tell me nothing more any time. They say you have an accent. I say so. Do you? They say no, I don't. I say yes, you do. Yes, you do. And that's what
Nurse: You have. So, people tell me that all the time. They say that I have a [PHI-Geographic] accent. I'm like, well, you have a southern accent
Patient: So well. Well, yeah, but I don't find you have a [PHI-Geographic] accent. I have some friends. Well, I can't find one. She's from [PHI-Geographic] every time she talk, you know, she's from [PHI-Geographic]. When I came here, we rented our house from her in, in, in [PHI-Geographic]. So, you know how long she's been in [PHI-Geographic] trying to speak as old as she was. The last time I spoke to her. She was [PHI-Personal] years old. I don't even know if she's still alive, but she was living there with [PHI-Personal] down there and she still speak with that accent. In [PHI-Geographic] alone. You could tell the Long Island accent. You could tell the, the, the Brooklyn accent. You could tell all the different accents. And I'm just talking about [PHI-Geographic] because they have so many different accents in [PHI-Geographic]. That's when somebody told I was taking care of her. I was taking care of a lady in West Chase. She was from [PHI-Personal], [PHI-Geographic]. And as soon as she opened her mouth, I say you from upstate [PHI-Geographic], she said, yes. [PHI-Personal], guess what? So that's, tell me nothing about my accent,
Nurse: Right?
Patient: You know, and my son, he tell me, but why don't I speak more like [PHI-Personal]? I said, no, I don't want to speak more like [PHI-Personal] because [PHI-Personal] sound a little bit too American for me. And I worked on the phone just like she did. The only thing I did was slow down the way Chinese usually speak. They speak like a million miles a uh a minute. And they do that purposely too and they want you to hear, understand what they say they speak in [PHI-Personal], but it's not like a whole different language because of how fast they speaking it, you know. So I slow down that and I got used to um my words better because I don't like people who don't, you know the words properly. I feel like they do that or they just can't talk even a lot of the people on the TV, that reading the news. I'm like, why they even read in the news when they can't even speak or the words. I say the
Nurse: Same thing, [PHI-Personal]. I say the same thing.
Patient: Mhm. I'm like, seriously they should do like Alex [PHI-Personal], what Alex [PHI-Personal] used to do was practice and find out the original of a word and practice how to say it properly before he said it on TV. And I know that because he said that before he died, he said it a few times, you know. So he was very, very good. And to me, anybody that's going to do public speaking should do something similar to that don't get on the TV. And butcher wood or butcher people name, you have enough time before you get on TV, to, to find out how to say it properly, you know. So I know they have Google searching and everything. So and when I put up that um thing you're gonna see it, I'll probably do it either tonight or in the morning. It all depends. I might I have a feeling I'll do it tonight.
Nurse: Ok. Well if
Patient: You
Nurse: Is great as well, it was very nice chatting with um so
Patient: Let me ask you something quickly. I could put the old, I could put the old one in that same [PHI-Geographic]. I send it back.
Nurse: Yes you can. Yes you can
Patient: It does it have a label in there for me to send it back because I have the [PHI-Geographic] yet.
Nurse: Yes, inside the [PHI-Geographic] there's a there's a label that you'll be able to just stick on the outside right over the old shipping label. So it should
Patient: Work pretty good. Alright. Alright. Alright but thank you very much and thank you for your time. I have no questions I've lost I lost, I lost um I lost um, seven more pounds is the first time in forever because they had put me on, when I have gone down on the 1 50 a couple of years ago, I was using my, um, and cinnamon, cinnamon. And I had gone down the, the, the, the diabetes had gone down, everything had gone on and then they put me on, um, what they call a pill, a pill that they shouldn't give nobody because it don't do nothing for diabetes. It make you put on weight and they didn't tell me none of that. I would have never gone on it. I put on, I had dropped in no time. I went back up to 1 76 and this is the first time in a long time that, um, I've been under 1 [PHI-Personal]. So I'm looking forward to being about 1 50 by the end of this month. Oh, ok. So, um, hope, yeah, hope my doctor told me yesterday because when I went to the doctor, my BP was high on top, not the bottom. And I had taken my BP pill. So when she checked the list, she said, well, you have exhausted almost everything we have on the BP pill spectrum. So she gave me a thing to go to a cardiologist. I ain't calling nobody until next week. I, I need a break. I'm tired. Um, so, um, anyhow, I don't know what they think they're gonna do, but I'm trying to get the BP down too. They should to find out long time what's causing the BP because it's not the food. So what is it, uh, something causing it? Why is now? So because I've exhausted all them BP pill. But the thing is like I told you how I take my pills. So when a pill back fire on me and start to cause bad side effects, I'm done with it. I ain't taking it and you're not giving it to me and you're not giving me nobody in the same family. You know, it have pills that's like in group by the friend names. But along the same line, I don't want it, I ain't taking it because I've had too many things. I even had an uh unnecessary bladder procedure through the hospital at the hospital. They had to put me to sleep, going into my bladder to see what causes urine in uh blood in the urine, blood in the urine for three years. So I'm sitting in pain. But yeah, but the blood wasn't showing it. Only show up when they do the test, you know, for three years, blood in the urine, blood in the urine. So finally they send me to see the urologist. I've gone to the urologist. He decided he going to do this. I went to the urologist that the last one decided he going to do this thing. So he wanted to do it in the office. I said, no, you're not. Oh, I'm glad he didn't. So he said, well, you have to go to the hospital. I have to put you to sleep that way you gonna check anything. So, they did that and then I'm home here in pain, sitting on the toilet. I took my phone and I googled the BP pill that I was taking at the time because that was the only thing that was consistent and, and as consistent but still different, right? Uh 1st, 1st side effect blood in urine, that was the first side effect blood in urine with the BP
Nurse: Medication that you're
Patient: On. What? Yes, for three years, blood and urine and they didn't check my medication or side effects from my medication. I had a, a necessary thing and that, that stuff didn't feel good after, after, you know, sleeping, you come home, you have to pee and all kinds of stuff. I was in pain for about three days before I started to feel normal, you know, and, and first thing, blood in urine, uh, call them and I tell them to tell the doctor I'm not taking that medication anymore because that just caused me to have an unnecessary procedure. Blood in urine. That was the first side effect on the thing. Ok. So for three years and nobody check why you got blood in the urine. So if I got blood in the urine, you are the doctors try to figure out why there's blood in the urine. Look to see beside putting me through all this stuff, check the medications. I had another one. I was taking way back when I worked on. Um, what do they call that place down there? Sunset, uh, um, you know, when you go to Safety Harbor. Safety Harbor. Oh, ok. Yeah, I was working in a nursing home there on weekends I made, like, well after, after three o'clock I made 20 something dollars an hour as ac ne, right. The first couple, the first shift I made about $18 an hour. So, anyway, ok, I got there just before that when I started the new medication that the doctor gave me for my BP, I started to feel strange. I have a history of depression even though, but I started to feel strange. So I decided, I don't know why I'm feeling like that, but as I continue to take the BP pill because I was taking my inhaler for asthma stuff that the doctor recommended forever. I started to feel suicidal. So I'm at the job and I got this feeling and I just slid down the wall. I was leaning against the wall by the nurses desk and I slid down the wall and sitting on the floor, the nurse behind the desk came out. She said, what's wrong? I, uh, crying, I say, I don't know. I just feel like I shouldn't even be alive. She say how long you feeling like this? I say about a week, but it's getting worse. Right? So she said, she, this is what she asked me because she saw my inhaler in my pocket. She said, are you taking any new medication? I say yes. But it shouldn't do that. She said what you take it. I told her, I think it was metoprolol was one of them, some, some new medication for high BP. She went and she put on a big PD back then they had a big, big book with the drug thing. She pull it out and she go down, she said, stop taking it. I say, huh? She said it's your new medication that's causing it. And then she showed the side effect with the inhaler. So I wasn't supposed to be taking it because I was ta using the inhaler for the asthma. So, with that thing, that's one of the first side effect suicidal stuff from a BP pill. But because I was doing the BP pill and I had to use my inhaler to breathe. That was one of the most, uh bad side effect. I couldn't wait for Monday morning to get here. So I went in the doctor office and tell him he trying to kill me and everybody in the, in the, in the, in the waiting room could hear mine more. Right? He said what you mean? I'm trying to kill you. I pull out the inhaler, I pull out the BP pill. I said, you gave me those you knew I was on this inhaler because you're the one started me on this inhaler. He said, yes, I said, and you gave me this BP pill. I say, you know what happened? I said I started to take it. I feel I tell him, I say I am to the point where I feel like I should die. I want to kill myself. He take up the thing. He look at it and know what all he said was. Oh, we need to change this medication. I say, yeah, you need to change that medication because I ain't taking nothing. You give me no more for BP. I left the doctor's office with him and the medication and everything and I walked out of there. I went to the health food store. I got stuff even though I have teas and stuff every now and then I would take it for the BP. I take garlic. I take all different kinds of stuff because I've been taking the amLODIPine for over 20 years. And now lately when I take the amLODIPine, my BP sometimes still say high even higher than how it was yesterday in the doctor's office. The top part alone was high. The bottom part was 78 which is a miracle. But and the top part was 1 47 which that is a miracle too. Sometimes after I take the BP pill, it's so high and I've had several strokes that I didn't know until they do the MRI for my brain. And see that I've had more stroke but it's not ti a neither. I asked him if the t I, he said no, it's a regular stroke. So I'm thinking I should try a new neurologist and make sure that what this man telling me is. So, but he's been doing this stuff for a long, long, long time. So I think he should know what he's saying. You could see differences in the brain with the [PHI-Personal] matter and the whatever and all these kinds of stuff. But, um, he says I've had several strokes. Oh, so, yeah, so I try to pay attention to my BP a lot. However, I don't want it to go too low neither because if it go too low, it worse than if it's, it's high. So I pay attention. Yeah, I'm ok. You
Nurse: Know, it does, it very much seems like you are paying attention, like you're very in control of your own health sharing and I like to
Patient: Try it. I've been trying. So. Yes. So, you know what they put me as in the system non compliant with the medication, non compliant with the medication is trying to kill me. The medications have bad effects on my body. I would be taking it and then one day I take it and the damn thing will try to kill me one way or the other, right? And I'm supposed to take stuff because you all just want to experiment on me like a guinea pig. If I tell you this is happening and that is happening, why you want me to continue to take the same thing? Why do you want to continue to give me something from the same family when I tell you what's happening with my body? What is doing to me now? I don't know. But anyway, I don't care what they put me. So, in the, my chart I went back in there and I put, they put me as noncompliant and noncompliant medication because all the medications trying to kill me and then I list one by one what each medication did. Oh, right. I, if they have, if they have non compliant on my stuff anymore, I am not seeing it. Not on the, my chart,
Nurse: I didn't, I didn't see it in your chart. So I think they've removed,
Patient: Was, it was after, I think last year or was it? Yeah, I think it was either last year or year before they probably removed it. How you could have me as noncompliant medication when your medication trying to kill me. And the medication has also caused me to get all the stuff that I didn't have before because of the medications that I was taking for one thing. Now. I got something else and they want to give me more medication for the something else that the previous medication created in my body. You understand?
Nurse: I do, I understand. I,
Patient: I'm trying, I am trying to, he my buddy with, by eating the front. I don't have much energy, but I try to, I, I just do stretches and stuff. I try to build back my strength a little bit with squatting and doing some stuff in here to try because once I could do better, I want to do the stairs. The building I live in the hallway is one block long. If I walk that block and do some stairs, I walk that block and do some stairs. I should get more, more strength and more stuff going on in my body. So then I can end up going to the gym. Oh, I'm in no condition to go. I'm in no condition to go to the gym. I'm in no condition. When I stand up in my kitchen and cook, I can't do nothing else after that for the rest of the day, you know. So I'm trying to heal myself by eating better by doing certain things better because I believe in the power of food and the same way we get sick through food, we can heal ourselves by switching the stupid stuff we did to get sick in the first place. It have other things that can help you to get. Well, a lot of the medication make me got sick. It, it made me, I don't know what nobody is. It made me get stuff that I didn't even have before and I'm supposed to do. Yeah. I mean,
Nurse: They talk about b stage two, you know, uh, all the kids are at least 10 lbs heavier than what their parents were because of all the hormones and stuff that they're putting in food. So, like, every, every generation, that's what they're saying. Yeah.
Patient: But the thing is that, are you noncompliant to medication? When is your medication that's causing me the more issues that I got? So yesterday she looked at the list and she said, well, you pretty much gone through almost all the medication we can give you for, um, high BP. Um, so I'm going to refer you to a cardiologist and let them see if they could find out the cause of the high BP, why they didn't do that. You know how long I've been diagnosed with high BP? And I can't find out the reason why they could have done that all the time. Why they wait until I'm almost [PHI-Personal] years old. I'll be [PHI-Personal] next month. I, I'm [PHI-Personal] some, I'm almost [PHI-Personal] something anyway. But, but why they wait all this time to find out that and keep giving me all these different BP pills that keep making everything else worse in my body. Why they didn't do that all the time. You see what I'm saying? I get my understand. Understand, I get mad at the healthcare people. I get mad at the doctors but I still have to go to them because at least you want to know what's going on with your body. Right. You know, if you know what's going on with your body and you want to feel better, you should be able to figure out how to do something better for yourself into the food, you eat the things you drink, the, the, the, the all kinds of things that you could have, make a difference in your own life. So I'm wanting to see I go and do my blood work because the, they, I got some strange stuff going on with the lab at [PHI-Personal] because of the switching of the add in the US F people and all this kind of stuff. A big mess everywhere with all the systems, the computers, everything. So I made them give me a hard copy thing and I'm going to lab Corp probably next week, Monday morning, I'm going to my blood work. I can't wait to see what my A one C is because I'm working hard on that thing. I can't wait to see what my cholesterol is. Um, let me ask you a question. I don't know if you know this, when your A one C going down and your diabetes going down, does it help with the cholesterol going down too. Uh, it
Nurse: All depends. It really does. It, you know,
Patient: Uh, because, you know, they talk about eating eggs and eating fish. I have both of them and they're saying that they both raise your cholesterol. If you have cholesterol, high cholesterol, you should need this and you should need that. Nobody gonna stop me from eating my stuff. I got mad at the doctor. The other one I used to go to before I started going to the TGH clinic because everything I, I have golf but I still have gout but is manageable these days because something, something I'm doing right with what I'm eating. I'm not getting the, the things I used to get very often. The, the things it see like if you hot glass and grind it up and heat it up and pack it in the joints, I haven't been getting um those flare, flare up. So something I'm doing right. Thank God. And I don't take the probe unless I have to get it, take it. Um, but anyway, so they don't want me to eat high [PHI-Personal] because that um affects the gout cause the urea not being processed properly from the kidneys, XYZ and all this kind of stuff for. Yes, they keep telling me, oh, you got kidney disease. You got kidney disease. Nobody tell me what to do. They never tell me what to eat, what to drink, what to do. All they keep telling me is get the diabetes down. Well, if I get the diabetes down and the BP down, what is that going to do to the kidney disease? Everybody tell me nothing. So I got mad. And with this clinic I'm with here now I asked for a registered dietician to help me to create a diet doctor. We have both my diabetes, the kidney and the cholesterol. They give me out somebody with the same name as yours. [PHI-Personal] Jou? 01 of the things I had a, I have a [PHI-Personal] and I have a [PHI-Personal]. Jo, I have three [PHI-Personal]. Uh, oh, and she had me, I wanted a low [PHI-Personal] diet. There's no such thing as a low [PHI-Personal] diet unless you cut back on the [PHI-Personal] that you use it. But your body also need [PHI-Personal]. You know, if you don't have [PHI-Personal] in your [PHI-Personal]. Yeah. So
Nurse: That's why they tell vegetarian to eat peanut butter and rice cakes because it has [PHI-Personal] in it.
Patient: Hold on peanut butter and rice cake
Nurse: Has [PHI-Personal]. Peanut butter has
Patient: [PHI-Personal], something like diabetes to me like it. But rice cake,
Nurse: Rice cake, peanut butter and rice.
Patient: That's, but they want, they want to encourage you with the vegan and, and, and vegetarian life and they get more disease than people who eat just some meat or fish or even eggs. Uh, they get more disease because even the, the supplements that they supposed to take don't always do what the food itself will do to your body. So, I don't know, that's their business. They do what they want to do. But I was a vegetarian for about seven years in [PHI-Geographic]. I had the best skin, the best skin, the best everything. But I eat eggs and I eat fish. I just didn't eat meat. Right. Right. You see, so I wasn't, uh, I wasn't a vegan and I love milk. I like real milk though. I don't like this kind of stuff you buy in the store. Um, unless I get the organic milk and the, I only buy grass fed milk and grass fed cheese. And when I do eat beef and I could get it like I buy grass fed beef. I don't buy them other stuff. It costs a little bit more money, but it's better for my body because I have enough issues of adding more to it, you know, and stuff. But, um, you know, all those kinds of stuff, a lot of it could be reversed through the food and what you put in your body. All these pills, pills, pills, pills, pills, pills, pills and causing different things. It, it, it, it also, it also some of the residue stay in your body and it causes other things that happen by the kidney stuff all these years. If I didn't get mad and call for the, uh, the, the registered dietician, I wouldn't have had, you I wouldn't have had the nurses that check on me. I wouldn't have had a whole lot of people that I didn't even know was available for me to have the girl that already had me to get my, the, the, the one in [PHI-Personal] at, um, over there at the clinic, she's a pharmacist that's helping me to get my diabetes under control. She is
Nurse: A, one, [PHI-Personal]. [PHI-Personal] is a great pharmacist. I, I think that she is fantastic. She really does look into
Patient: That. I think her name is [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Yeah, we have a [PHI-Personal] and she, and she
Patient: Really is. It. Is this her last name? Like an [PHI-Personal] last name? Oh,
Nurse: Right. Starts with AD. Right. No, B yes,
Patient: With a B with a B, it's a B with a B, I think it, I think it's [PHI-Personal]. Yes, [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: He, as far as, like, looking into medications and like side effects and stuff,
Patient: She is the one and you know how I got them. So my doctor had ordered the Trulicity for me. My diabetic doctor ordered the Trulicity for me last year. October. Oh, yeah. But I had planned on going to Texas in November, take my son to spend a week with his a and I'm glad he did because she dropped dead April 5th this year, five months after we spent that week with her. So, anyhow, I didn't want to start nothing and then I have issues with it or anything while I was gone or it have side effects because they talk about diarrhea and all these kinds of stuff. They have to give you all these warning. So I decided I'm not trying it, starting it until I come back. So I called the clinic and I asked them if they could get me somebody who will help me to learn how to do the Trulicity. When I get back, I told them that I was going on a trip, I'll be back on such and such and that. So they made an appointment for me and then they called me on the phone and that's how I got her and they told me how to do the Trulicity a shot on my belly and stuff like that. And then when she saw what medication I was on and how high my numbers was. She said, uh, uh, we need to get you off that medication. So I told her about the medication and how, when I started taking it, how I put on the list, she said, yes, she said, and it does nothing for you for the diabetes. And she went into the stuff. I got mad at that damn diabetic doctor when, uh, so I stopped taking the medication once I started the, the Trulicity, I forget the name of the, I think it's glimepiride and, and it don't do nothing for the diabetes. And so I was taking it because was mad at me because I wouldn't take nothing for the diabetes from the pharmacy. But I was taking the, and the, um, thing and my blood, my blood sugar, my A one C went down from 10, almost 11 to 8.2. And as soon as I start taking, taking the glimepiride, it went back up and it got stuck at 10.2 it was stuck for much. And the diabetic doctor tell me, I'm gonna have to put you on insulin. I said, you're not putting me on no insulin. You been trying to put me on insulin for 15 years or more. I said, and I'm not taking any insulin. So you have to tell me about something different. Anything that is not insulin. So he said, well, the diabetes I say, yeah, my diabetes was and it's not because of what I'm doing is because of something you do. So then I got to find out about the glimepiride. I said, and the glimepiride make me put on weight. He said, yes, it will make you put on weight. I said, why the hell you give it to me? All right. If you knew that, why did you give it to me? I went from 1 50 something right on the way. I am now all the way back up to 1 76 and no time flat. My A one C went back up because I was using the, the, the health food store stuff and it took the A one C down and it helped me with the weight loss and all these kinds of stuff. You put me on something that made my diabetes. I told them, I say you should be sued for giving people that diabetic drug called glimepiride because it's not for diabetes. It does absolutely nothing for them. It made my kidney numbers go up. Then they want to give me statins for the kidney and the cholesterol. I tell them I'm not taking none cause what they know that I know you take the statins for cholesterol and you know, it messes with the fat in your body and break down the fat, but it also messes with the fat in your brain. Hm. Ok. And it causes another set of issue and, and earlier onset dementia and all this kind of stuff. I tell them they give me no statins because I'm not taking it. So don't even bother. Well, we need to get your numbers down and say, yeah, stop giving me the crap that set it up. So Jessica helped me with the Trulicity and then I started going, visiting her more than I was visiting my diabetic doctor and she showed me and she told me all the stuff, uh,
