Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is you just told me. Hi
Nurse: [PHI-Personal], how are you? Ok, good. Um, give me one second just to pull up your chart. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Alright.
Nurse: All right. So you're a patient of Doctor [PHI-Personal] at primary care center, correct? Right. All right. So let me just tell you real quick. So that this call is gonna be recorded for training purposes. Ok. All right. So the reason I was calling is because I received a referral requesting your enrollment for Doctor [PHI-Personal] New Care Management program. Are you familiar with that new program at all? No. Ok. So Doctor [PHI-Personal] started a new program called Care Management and she's offering that to her Medicare patients. So the care management program would be a phone call from one of her care management nurses. That phone call would be at your convenience as frequently or as infrequently as you wish. And your nurse would basically just call you check in, make sure that you're feeling good and continuing to feel good in between office visits. But you would also be able to contact your nurse if you needed things like medication refills or test results or if you had any acute medical questions or concerns. So it is a billable service to Medicare, Medicare Advantage and secondary insurance plans and the calls are subject to deductibles, Copays and co insurance. Now, when you go to her office, do you normally have a copay?
Patient: Um No, I don't. Ok,
Nurse: Perfect. Then you should not be responsible for any out of pocket cost for a care management call and you would choose how frequently you would like your nurse to reach out to you. Um we have some patients that get calls once a month, we have some patients that get calls every three or even every six months. That's completely up to you. And doctor [PHI-Personal] does get documentation of those calls sent to her as part of your medical record. Ok. Mhm. Can I go ahead and get you set up for a morning or an afternoon call from your care management nurse?
Patient: I don't think I need this.
Nurse: Ok. No
Patient: Problem and I am I am um very healthy right now. I see Doctor [PHI-Personal] once a year um and you know should that change? I'm sure that you know [PHI-Personal] or Doctor [PHI-Personal] will remind me of this service but right now um I'm good.
Nurse: Ok, no problem and I can actually mail you out some information in case you do change your mind in the future, you can just give me a call. That's perfect. Alright, thank you. Yeah let me just confirm your address real quick. I have 121 Wood lane, Huntington 16652. Yes, that's it. All right, perfect. I'll mail you out that information and just call me if you change your mind in the future. Alright, thank you. You're welcome. Have a great day. Ok, you too. Bye. Thanks. Bye bye.
