Nurse: Hello, MS [PHI-Personal]. Hey, how are you? I'm good. How
Patient: Are you? How you, are you back from lunch? Are you taking a lunch? I
Nurse: Haven't even taken a lunch yet. I'm usually, I got to where it's like, I don't even take one until about two. I don't know why. Just how it rolls.
Patient: I guess you have a late dinner at your house. Kinda, kinda. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, because by the time I get [PHI-Personal] from the sitter and then she doesn't nap there. So she naps when she gets home. So we really don't, you know, eat until she wakes. So,
Patient: What did you call her?
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]? Is her name
Patient: [PHI-Personal]? I thought you said Natalie and I thought, wait a minute, one of your kids isn't named Natalie. No,
Nurse: No, Natalie here. [PHI-Personal].
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. Very pretty.
Nurse: Thank you. Thank you. Well, sorry, I missed you a couple of times. It either I was gone or whatnot and then I try not to call you before
Patient: Lunch. I know. And then usually on Wednesdays and Thursdays I have physical therapy at three o'clock. So, so that one call came at like 2 56 or something like that and I said, oh my gosh, I'm walking into PT, I can't get that. So, uh it wasn't until after and then by that time you're almost done. So. Right.
Nurse: It's ok. Well, how did that appointment go up?
Patient: Uh Which appointment, which point are we talking about here?
Nurse: Ok. So let's see on you had your wellness appointment? [PHI-Personal]. I did. Ok. And then when I, I don't see anything after that,
Patient: Uh, tomorrow is my big one. I've been waiting for since [PHI-Personal] when doctor Ko uh, did the referral for pain management and this is Penn State Health Pain Management. So that's tomorrow at, I believe, 2 15 or 2 30. Ok. And I'm looking forward to that today. I actually, well, I didn't get to sleep until a, well after two, it might have been three, but I was up fairly early and I, I went and dropped off my records for them because I had big envelopes from, um, O IP and from Os S from all my notes and I had a dis with my surgery, I mean, my, um, films and stuff, you know, like cat scans and MRI s and stuff. So I dropped it off today and they said, oh, good, we'll get this copy, you know, and it'll be looked over before your appointment tomorrow. So I dropped that off to them. I'm looking forward to that and then that way I will, they'll have their copy and I'll be able to take those back if I ever need to take them to anybody else. Yeah. You know, I'll have my own set of records. So that was an accomplishment because I had to wait for them to be ready at those two other places. Mhm. And, you know, last week was the end of, last week was when O IP finally had theirs ready to pick up. So, uh, I finally got them over there in advance of the appointment. That's, and I asked physical therapy also to contact them with any notes that they had and they said that they would do that uh either last Thursday or Friday. So they should have notes from physical therapy too. I don't know if family practice is sending any notes to, to my pain management people. I'm
Nurse: Not sure. Let's, I'm trying to see if I could even see anything
Patient: I did ask about it. You know, if there were gonna be anything and they didn't give me anything that I had to take to them. So I didn't know if it was something that happened on the, on the net or how things went.
Nurse: Yeah, I'm not, I'm not sure. I don't really see anything as far as anything that was sent out besides, it looks like you had requested some
Patient: Refills. I did request the refills whenever I got back from PT Thursday, it was like close to when family practice closed. So, I wanted to make sure that Fri, you know, they had Friday and, or today, you know, to work on that. And my logic for that Brooke is that I, I am terrified to make a switch and get no pain relief because the oxy is what works for me. It doesn't help me a long time. It helps me for about three hours and sometimes, well, more than half the time, it's not enough, you know, to get me through as many hours as I'm awake. But at least when it works it works and I'm afraid I'm afraid of what, even, what the extended release is gonna do. What does that even mean? Does it mean that you get 10 mg worth of protection for 12 hours or there's 10 mg in here and it's supposed to last for twe, I mean, to me that I might only get three hours worth of that. Yeah. How do I, how do they know it's gonna last for 12 hours?
Nurse: It's how, it's, I'm not a pharmaceutical person but it's how it's packaged. So, you know, like, say, say for Mucinex, you have your regular Mucinex and then you also have an extended release. Mucinex in the er, it's so when they create the peel it's like they've done it in layers. So there's one side that's shortacting and so it's instant but it's gonna go away quicker and then the other half of the pill is different substances to where by the time short is done, the long term is kicking in. And so it gives you a longer period of
Patient: Relief. You know, that would be so much better if that really did work that way. And I'm just so afraid that it's gonna be like, diluted. Like here's 10 mg and that's supposed to last you for 12 hours. And I'm thinking, holy crap, you know, sometimes I take all four in 12 hours. You know, like the fourth one I'll take at the 12 hour period because the other ones have only lasted for three hours. And it might be a really bad bout and my bottle says four per day, it doesn't say, must take these every six hours or every four hours and sleep for [PHI-Personal]. I know it doesn't say that it says here's four for the day. So, I mean, sometimes very often I take them like, after three hours or after four, I might need the second one. And then you said,
Nurse: Like, every six hour deal. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah. It's not like that because the pain is not like that. And often 20 mg carries me through. You know, I don't like, wanna take two at one time, but if I take one and it's not cutting it, I'll easily take another one before three hours or four hours. And I've never had a problem with it. I mean, I get the relief that I need, I just need to know that they're gonna have to last me, you know, there's four of them. So, do you want relief for, for those three or 45 hours because you took two, you know? Yeah. Or, or, or do you want n nothing, like, as if you took a baby aspirin and spread them out through the day and really it's not enough, you know. Mhm. So, I'm, I'm just afraid I'm, I, I want off of these but I don't want off of them today, you know, I'm like, afraid to be off of them today.
Nurse: Yeah, I mean, I understand completely. It's sometimes, especially when it comes to your chronic pain change is stressful. It is and worrisome. Um,
Patient: And the fact that they're due, they're due right now, I mean, really, normally I would be picking them up tomorrow or even tonight, the way I filled it, you know, it would be filled today. I mean, transmitted today and
Nurse: It looks like when I'm on your medication list, your Lyrica and oxyCODONE. You see. Yeah, they, it's already sent in.
Patient: Yeah, it was sent to Rite Aid or from me to you.
Nurse: No, from, to the pharmacy.
Patient: Oh, ok. Cause I did not get a medicine. Um, uh, I did not get a message saying that that had happened yet.
Nurse: Yeah, it's, it was sent today. Ok. I mean, it doesn't give me an exact time but it shows sent, er, X 7 10
Patient: But not a time. Ok.
Nurse: Right. It never shows me a time.
Patient: I'll relax about that then because my feelings about it were my gosh. You know, I, for, for years, too many years I wait for these appointments for months sometimes. Well, this one's seven weeks and like, well, please don't tell me you're not gonna fill it because I have this appointment tomorrow. You know, where they might wanna change my meds. I'm like, if they do well, then they can wait until this one's done, you know.
Nurse: Right. Yeah. It looks like if I go back to like the triage where you requested the refill. Um it looks like [PHI-Personal] send a script sent. It says script sent 1:02 p.m.
Patient: Oh today probably.
Nurse: Yes. And then that was on the Lyrica and because the boxy was the same thing 1:02 p.m.
Patient: The Lyrica, the reason I have pretty many pills in that bottle but the Lyrica takes forever to get to me. There is nothing Express about Express scripts for the one where you get it through the mail.
Nurse: Yeah. And that's where the Lyrica was sent. It looks like,
Patient: Right? And I don't expect to get those for a good three weeks because that's how, that's how long it's taken for me to get them from Express scripts. And I don't know if it's because uh high marks around but you know, where is the, where is the problem that makes it take that long? But I had thought two weeks, you know, in the past and it ran beyond two weeks and the fact it was coming through the mail, I was saying, oh, well, I have to ration these, you know, last 10 pills and I'm taking two a day instead of three. And, uh, that's just not what you're supposed to do. You know, your body is used to having that amount in there. So that's why I gave such long lead time for the Lyrica. Yeah. But I definitely a lot of those.
Nurse: Right. Hopefully they won't take three weeks. That's ridiculous that it takes that long.
Patient: I mean, maybe they're looking at a chart saying, well, you should have three weeks worth. So we're not gonna fill it until 2.5 weeks. If they are, they could communicate with me. That would be nice. Right. Yeah. You know, that, I don't know that it's not done or when to expect them. What if I'm not here? You know what if I'm on vacation? [PHI-Personal]
Nurse: They have a better, what would you call it? A better communication method?
Patient: They're not the same as other by mail places. They're much lower crappier. Yeah. Let's say crappier, let's say they are crappier. Um, you, you've relieved me about that prescription because that was another thing too. Whenever I go to that appointment tomorrow it's in, it's another direction from like, where my pharmacy is. So, if I could, like, do well, I'm gonna have to do two separate trips because I'd be making one big long circle around if I had to get him on the same trip. So maybe they'll be ready like in the morning tomorrow. I probably will be anxious, you know, to get over there. But one good thing is I know where it is since I dropped them off today. I know what the building looks like and I know where it is.
Nurse: Yes, indeed. Indeed. Another thing too I was gonna tell you about when it came to that, um, modified release dosages. When it, you know, extended release and stuff is I'm not sure. And usually I'll say that oxyCODONE you're on now. If you needed to split it you could. But usually when it's labeled as extended release, which is, you know, er, XR, you can't split cut or anything like that
Patient: Crush. I remember seeing extended release on other things that I've taken in the past. Mhm. And, uh, I thought that they were even those capsules as opposed to a pill.
Nurse: Yeah. Some that, usually they come as capsules a lot of times sometimes. Um, well, in general the medication could be a lot larger versus small and tiny. Mhm. Um, usually cost is a little different as well. It just varies, depending on what they might, would give you and, you know, it'll take longer to get out of your body as well with an extended release. Of course, that's the whole purpose.
Patient: Yes. And I hope that insurance looks at it the same way, like it's the same medicine, you know, that it wouldn't be like, uh, not approved or not covered or whatever.
Nurse: Yeah. It, I don't think like the approval process should be different. It's just gonna be, it'll be interesting to see what they say tomorrow and see how that appointment goes and what they are suggesting as far as recommendations, medication changes and all that.
Patient: I'm, I am so eager, you know, how many people are waiting for a long time. I always get my expectations up that it's, you know, going to be more holistic and that, that I'm gonna get the impression that they care, you know, rather than a because when they say consult or it's like you go in, you shake their hand, they talk to you for 10 minutes and it's like I waited two months for this. And that was another, that was another thing because I got a call from Penn State Health Rheumatology and it was Friday afternoon and they said, um, got a, got a referral that you need a appointment with us and, um, wanted to schedule that for you. You're gonna love this. And, uh, I said, ok, I, I have this appointment on the [PHI-Personal] and I wanna see what they're gonna say first before I call you. How far out are you scheduling for appointments? You wanna guess what they said? Well, let's
Nurse: See. With what I've been seeing, even with myself, I would say anywhere from 4 to 68 months.
Patient: Yeah, [PHI-Personal] of next year is their first available for, for a referral for rheumatology. So I really, and plus so I'm like, I'll, I'll call you, I'll call you when I get more of information on the [PHI-Personal] because I also, within the last few years had a referral to rheumatology and that should be it and an appointment, it should be in your records there for family practice that I have already seen a rheumatologist. And when I went, it was actually three guys that were in there, the real doctor. And I don't know if he had interns or what, but I remember three,
Nurse: Three back in [PHI-Geographic].
Patient: Ok. And they all, they did, they ordered blood and then they called me and said uh nothing weird in your blood. That's all they did. It was a and I waited forever for that.
Nurse: Yeah, I'm seeing if I can even look so. Ok. Da da, da da. She had, don't see any joint inflammation. I know the joint hypermobility in fingers. Mm Like behind her head patient says that she was able to get your leg behind your head in the twenties, in your twenties. I used to. That's
Patient: True. That's I used to be able to do the Chinese splits whenever you can put up to the side. That was in high school. But that was uh uh, probably 80 lbs lighter than, yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. Let's see. Ok. Keep pulling pain. That was suggested patient do exercises for trache enteric bursitis and answering bursitis printed instructions on exercises. I offered water therapy. Patient doesn't want to do that physical therapy but would like to see her surgeon first. And then usually if they've done,
Patient: Yeah, you have any questions?
Nurse: I was gonna see if they sent us anything back in [PHI-Account] when it came to those lab results. [PHI-Account]. Um
Patient: I remember them saying like no Lyme disease. No. Uh oh Lupus, you know, none of nothing came up positive for them. You know, where they thought that I might have Lupus. I know there's not a definitive test for it but nothing they saw made them think that I did. So.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. The last, I mean, I was on [PHI-Personal] and then there was some type of labs that was done after that appointment that somewhat positive A N A and led pattern can indicate autoimmune issue. And it looks like were they gonna refer you again? That that was so long ago
Patient: In [PHI-Account].
Nurse: Yeah, because it looked like you had a referral on June [PHI-Personal] of [PHI-Account] for rheumatology. Then you had more lab work done, which was a possible indicator of an autoimmune disease. And then it said something about another referral. So I don't, but I don't see anything past that.
Patient: I don't remember, I don't remember them sending me anywhere else. Huh? You know, I remember those guys being like, you're good and can barely talking to them. I did have to go back to them. I mean, the first time was the, hello? And the second time and, you know, blood test, ordering the blood test and I had to go to, or I don't even remember the name of that lab anymore. And, uh, and then them saying come back in heck, they could have called me and said your here are your results but everybody's making money, you know saying hello to each other. Terrible. Ohh goodness I am hurting right now cause I did not take anything before I drove. Oh no. And I just got back. So mm my other thing is my physical therapy. Uh I have Wednesday and Thursday this week and then I don't have any approved appointments after that. So if somebody would like to [PHI-Personal] up a, a thing for insurance, that would be really good. I mean, I talked to everybody I know saying, can I have more physical therapy? Mhm. I mean
Nurse: You want me to see if would approve it?
Patient: I asked and what she say, you know, I said this is the most helpful thing to me is my physical therapy. So I did address that when I was at the physical or the wellness, whatever code it is and that I was expecting truthfully I was expecting way more. I'm like, I shaved my legs for this. I shaved
Nurse: My legs for this.
Patient: Oh, my God.
Nurse: Oh, shaving legs is a hassle.
Patient: Well, it's just stings sometimes. It's something that whenever you get old there's hardly anything there. I never, I'm, I'm very well not, I'm not a blonde but my skin is very light. I mean, my, like the hair on my arms, you can barely see it. It's very light. And as I got older you hardly need to shave your legs. I guess that happens after, after menopause, do you think? Yes,
Nurse: It had, uh, with that and with age and everything, hair production decreases.
Patient: Yeah. You hardly need to do anything
Nurse: If I don't shave every couple of days I used to get wax so I didn't have to worry about shaving and just get wax once a month. But it's kind of hard to do because when I need, when I do have time to wax, I have nobody to keep the kids and the kids don't need to see that. So,
Patient: Just
Nurse: Wow. Shaving my legs again. And I did actually start waxing my own legs until my toddler was like, oh, this looks like fun and try to get into the hot wax.
Patient: Oh, no, no, no.
Nurse: So I was like, yeah, let's not do that. Put this away. Go back to the
Patient: Razr. Not a, not a family activity. No, it is
Nurse: Not a activity. Oh, horribleness.
Patient: They're they're funny though that, you know, whatever they're curious about everything you're doing, man. Oh, yeah. You know what?
Nurse: Yeah. If [PHI-Personal] sees me, say, put on deodorant, she's got put on some deodorant too. If mama's putting on makeup, which is like once two weeks maybe. Or on Sundays. If we go to church or whatnot, she's got put on make up too. So I have to give her a sponge that looks like there's something on it but it's not and she'll be dabbing her face trying to copy me. She's really loves
Patient: Lipstick. She, she's, she's wild.
Nurse: Oh gosh,
Patient: I love her though. That's it is cute.
Nurse: It is cute. I did send a message out to sh that way I can get the go ahead say to make you complex for the month. So we have more time.
Patient: Did I'm sorry.
Nurse: So say if something was acute going on or like stuff we we've been discussing a lot or whatnot. I make you complex which gives me like 303 160 minutes a month with you.
Patient: I get it now.
Nurse: So being that you have that appointment tomorrow and knowing all these issues that might occur, I went ahead and sent that way I can get the go ahead because insurance is like you need provider recommendations. Got it. I need that little note saying yes, good. So that way I can make you complex and that way I can follow up with you because I wanna know how that appointment goes up. There is no reason for you to apologize. Them normally don't care. I just need for insurance purposes if they wanna dig around be like, oh yeah, they told her to follow
Patient: Good,
Nurse: Good in insurance gets on my nerves sometimes.
Patient: You, you oh my gosh. The thing I think I did explain that [PHI-Personal] did reduce that rosuvastatin to five. Ok,
Nurse: Let me I was looking on here
Patient: Are so small. They look like the little dots that you put. Like if you're decorating cupcakes, you know, teeniest little pill I ever saw. Really little to 500.
Nurse: Yeah, they are small. Yeah, I see that five mg, one tablet a day and it looks like she checked your you had labs.
Patient: Yeah. And I didn't on there. I didn't look on there for labs but somebody did call me and say they were fine.
Nurse: Yeah, it looks like it says cholesterol panel was OK? Sodium borderline high. So try to drink more water is what they said. Yeah, kidney liver function normal. Continue current meds. So yep, everything was good. I wanted to actually look at that cholesterol
Patient: Number.
Nurse: So your sodium on this one normal is 1 35 to 1 45 and you're 1 46. So yeah, an extra cup or two a day of water and that'll go away. OK? Um your lipid level is really good, really good. So there's a chance you know, with the decrease in statin it could go up a little bit. But even if it went up a little bit, you should still be in the clear
Patient: Good.
Nurse: Just like, you know, like we talked before. Stay away from fatty bats. No vegetable oil or lard. Yeah. No Lord. To fry any chicken.
Patient: Ok. Stay away from the good stuff. Yeah. Yeah.
Nurse: Basically that is it?
Patient: Uh, no comfort food donuts. They're out.
Nurse: Mm. Donut. Sounds good. But yes, that's out.
Patient: Yeah. Donuts are good. Donuts are like the, I know, I comfort food, you know. But, oh,
Nurse: Yeah, some good stuff for sure. I want to try to make homemade donuts. I just, I don't have the
Patient: Time. Oh, my gosh. My grandma used to make them one of the few memories I have of my mom's mom making homemade donuts. It was lovely. Yeah. Yeah. She didn't speak much English and she was just so glad to do something for us, you know, little kids when we would go out to see my mom's mom make a big field trip because it was hours hours away. We saw her maybe once every two years or so.
Nurse: Oh, man, that was a long stretch.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. But it was hard. I mean, I'm the oldest of [PHI-Personal], get all those babies ready for the station wagon, you know? And then go right. It took us more than four hour, usually between four and five I think. To get to either, either of my parents, parents when they were alive. Right. That's a, that's a field trip for sure. With it. 10 people in a 10 people in the car.
Nurse: That's, yeah, I don't, I don't want to do that. Heck, when me and the kids and some of the in laws fill up my, my, um, vehicle. That's see, 7712345. Yeah, seven and us. I'm like, no, it's too much.
Patient: You don't want a kid?
Nurse: No, I mean, I only have two. I don't, I'm good with two. But see, I have to have IVF, so for me to be able to have more kids, I have to pay a lot of money.
Patient: Yeah. My brother that's, that was involved with my brother's two girls and I know that that was like, like a college expense, you know.
Nurse: Oh, yeah. It was, it's, it was high now. She was all worth it. But I'm ok with her. We no more, we're good. No more jets or in that type of jet.
Patient: I could just hear, hear stories about the [PHI-Personal] kid families.
Nurse: Mm mm. No. Oh, I don't even wanna watch it. That stressed me out.
Patient: Oh, we were cute. We were, you know, and it's funny too because my sister, one of my sisters has the house we grew up in and there's only four, well, she had six kids herself but there's only one that's left at home. So, there's her and her husband and that one kid and occasionally one of the other ones will be living there. But I'm like, there's four people in this house and it seems so crowded. What are you guys doing? You know, when 10 of us live there and everything was where it belonged and it wasn't clutter. There were just, we weren't like little military people or anything but we, we knew what was right to do and what was not. Ok. And, uh, my parents would not get, mm, mm. No, they work too hard for what we were able to have that. We always respected our stuff and put it where it belonged and it was a big house. I don't know how these four people make it look like 20 people live there.
Nurse: How they, uh, I guess when you grow, you know, you're in a big family like that. Do you make it work? And it's just normal. I don't,
Patient: We never felt, we never felt crowded, you know, I had, yeah, I had my own, uh, as the oldest, I had my own room. Rick, the next one he had his own room and three girls were in the repurposed attic. That was, they refinished it and put them up there and it was the whole length of the house. They had like a, a suite up there and then there were three boys in the other big bedroom. They had a bunk and then a twin in there and they were fine too. But yeah, [PHI-Personal] kids and two of us had our own bedroom.
Nurse: Oh, that works. At least y'all made it work. It was just me and my brother. So I'm used to small,
Patient: I'm not used to family.
Nurse: [PHI-Personal].
Patient: You looking all over my notes there? We got anything that's uncovered.
Nurse: No, I think, I think we are good. I'm just waiting on [PHI-Personal] or sh to give me that go ahead on complex. But other than that, we're fine because if you're seeing them on the tomorrow, I wanna be able to call you back like, you know, Wednesday or Thursday before PT but after lunch,
Patient: What is, what, how late do you answer your phone there in the day?
Nurse: Um Usually I try to do my last calls around [PHI-Account] 30. That way I can finish documenting and stuff. Uh four because then I have to go back and do all the tops of chart checks and stuff from like 4 to 4 30. Um So I try to make it like the last phone call out or if somebody calls me is that, you know, just say [PHI-Account] 30. Yeah, [PHI-Account] 33 40. Um I've had it before where I answered a phone call at four and there was a lot of issues. So I was like an hour and a half late staying.
Patient: Yeah, don't, don't wanna do that to you. Um I would say since my PT goes from [PHI-Account] to 4 15 usually. And I'm home by 4 25. Um, I would say that it's best to call between one and two if it's ever on a Wednesday or a Thursday provided I get more PT because like I said, I only have these 22 appointments remaining. I thought I had more when I was talking to the PT person. I thought that I still had the six that were my post surgery from the surgeon. Mhm. They had given me [PHI-Personal] that needed to be done by [PHI-Personal] and two of them were used. And then Doctor [PHI-Personal] did one for 12. And PT said, well, that one for the [PHI-Personal] is null and void and we worked on the Doctor Kotz one and I thought, well, why would you do that? Why wouldn't you take my six plus 12? And she said that's not the way it works that I don't have six left from the surgeon. They vanished because they started with the other one. Yeah. Even though the, the end of the end of it wasn't, you know, it's not [PHI-Personal] yet, you know. So I don't understand why I didn't have six more left. Otherwise I would have questioned it. Well, before Thursday, which is when I was talking to PT and they told me no, you only have two more left because I thought I had [PHI-Personal] more left. Right.
Nurse: Yeah. Hopefully if you can get some more. Um, maybe pain management can get you some more too.
Patient: That's good. That's true. I mean, I can let them know that that's where that stands and maybe I, I would, you know, that would be a fresh, well, I don't know whether they do that with insurance or not because, like, what I heard about the meds, they don't actually issue any meds or prescribe any med. They, they recommend what should be done with the meds.
Nurse: I don't, I just always ask and bring it up. What did [PHI-Personal] say about PT about getting more PT?
Patient: She said, well, we can ask, but she didn't say, yeah, but she didn't say we will ask or when we'll ask or when you'll know. So that was where that was left.
Nurse: I'll, I'll see, I'll check back in uh make me a note. Ok?
Patient: Because my surgeon when I, when I met with him, which was my, my last one, it was last week, last week, I had something to do every day. I had to go somewhere. And he said that was another how you doing kind of no exam thing. And he looked at my uh last film and said, you're healed great, you're healed just like you're supposed to be at this point. Um You will continue to, to heal for 12 months from when you have, you know, up to like next [PHI-Personal]. But that the, the setting is good. Everything for the surgery went as it was supposed to go. So, it did do what it was supposed to do but it didn't do everything that we hoped it would do. Mhm. We thought that it would also relieve the sciatica and it did not, but it did, uh, stabilize that si joint and it's not fluttering and causing its own inflammation down there. Yeah. So, so that part is good. But the sciatica is still here here right now. It fires a
Nurse: Mm. And you took your medicine, right?
Patient: It did not help, not
Nurse: Take that medicine. So it help put some heat on it if that helps you.
Patient: I have to, I have to finish my sandwich here and uh, get a new cup of tea and full glass of water.
Nurse: Yes. Water is good. Yeah. Well, let me check on this PT and that way I can get some complex time too and then, um, if I can find out anything on the PT, I'll let you know and I'll have it set for me to call you, you know, whenever after your appointment tomorrow, between one or two
Patient: Tomorrow tomorrow won't work for one or two because my, I'm gonna have to be leaving for, I'll leave by 1 30 for the big appointment. Oh,
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, I wasn't gonna call you tomorrow for sure. It would be like I said that Wednesday, Thursday,
Patient: Right? That would be the one or [PHI-Account] to 2. Yes. Mhm. Mhm.
Nurse: So I'll get this updated. You eat water, medicine, some heat and then I'll let you know if I find out anything on the PT.
Patient: Sounds good, my friend, I appreciate it.
Nurse: You're welcome, MS [PHI-Personal]. Well, I'll talk to you soon.
Patient: Ok. Take care. Thank you too. Bye bye.
