Nurse: Hey there. Ha. Hello, [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal]. Uh, hi [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal]. Hey, how are you doing? Pretty good. Um, you were your message yesterday? You were wondering how the, every three hours that it's better. Um, yeah, I, it's definitely better. I mean, I'm still having problems with the, uh, toes cramping but, you know, I try to in the morning I, I have that problem most mornings but, you know, I can deal with that. But, uh, but I think it is that, that was a good suggestion that he made because it, it's, ah, it seems to be better to do it more, you know, to take the, yeah, prescription.
Patient: Take them in a different. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Uh, have you had any issues, um, with any side effects? Like any bad dreams, feeling dizzy, sleepy, anything like that. Any stomach issues?
Nurse: No, not, no, no, not dizzy at all. No stomach issues. Um, pretty much I've been feeling pretty good. Uh, I get very tired. I think I can do more and I, and I have to sit, settle down, you know, for a little while but that's, that's normal, you know. Yeah. You, you, as you age. I know that's normal. So,
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. Just with that Parkinson's disease too. Yeah. Yeah. Um, um, I'm sorry,
Nurse: Strange things.
Patient: Yeah. I know. It definitely acts weird. Um, especially too, like when you get wore out so easily. That's just one of the getting tired faster and everything. Um, I mean, if you are planning to stay, um, like, especially if you're going to, like, a supermarket or something. Um, just make sure that, um, you drink plenty of water if you feel sick or anything like that, make sure you try to find somewhere to sit down. Um, I know, um, and of course, um, always make sure, especially at home, um, especially, um, I don't know if it rains a lot up there during the summer or anything. I know it rains a lot down here but make sure, um, when you're going outside, make sure you're using the, if you have stairs, make sure you're using the hand rail, make sure you're not stepping over any, um, slippery surface, like any puddles, stuff like that. Um, don't want you to fall or anything. Um,
Nurse: All the time I'm hearing about somebody falling and. Yeah. Mhm.
Patient: Yeah. Um, and then to good, well, make sure to, um, with it being summer time, um, if you're gonna be staying out in the sun, make sure you're wearing sunscreen, um, and make sure you're trying to stay out of the sun in the middle of the day because of course that's gonna be the heat of the day so um make sure you do that and wear sunglasses too because with your um sensitizes and everything um but uh do you need me um to work on anything for you or you need any refills on anything I can send in for you
Nurse: Today? I think I don't think so. I just picked them up the other day so I'm I'm good on uh on all that. Well, if I need anything I'll certainly give you a call.
Patient: Ok. Alrighty. Um well, um what I'll probably try to do is give you a call again here in a few weeks um and check in with you um but if you have anything at all don't hesitate to call. Ok,
Nurse: Thanks. I appreciate that. Oh,
Patient: You're welcome. I hope you have a good day.
Nurse: You too. Ok, bye bye. Thank you. Bye.
