Nurse: This is manager.
Patient: Hi, honey, this is, I'm just calling to see how you made out about the, uh, blood work thing.
Nurse: Oh, yes. Yes. So, um, I sent a message to the sh to see if they are willing to send the order over to that quick lab for you and I gave them the fax number. Let me just get you pulled up here real quick. One second. There we go. And it looks like I haven't heard anything just yet. Um, you said you're going on Thursday? Yes. Yes. Yes. Ok. So they should be able to fax the order I gave them the fax number and everything. If they're having difficulty with it. Um, if I don't hear anything by, from them by tomorrow, I'll give them a call.
Patient: Ok. Um, are you gonna be my case manager now or you just fill in for?
Nurse: I'm just filling in for now. Um, unfortunately, [PHI-Personal] is no longer with us, so I'm not sure what to be taken over just yet. Um, but I'll definitely be here and then, um, there's another nurse [PHI-Personal] that's also going to be helping out for now as well.
Patient: Wonderful, wonderful. And you said about, I had an order before for blood work. I don't remember that.
Nurse: Yeah, I'm guessing it got lost somehow, unfortunately lost in the shuffle. So I'm glad that we've noticed it now. Um, it looks like he put it in sometime in [PHI-Personal] with other labs. Wait. Oh, yeah. No, I got you pulled over here. Um, let me find out. Exactly. It looks like whenever they put in the order for the B 12, he also put in an order to get that lab checked as well.
Patient: Well, I'm always up on my, my, uh, blood test and, and I was thinking, I thought, well, I just had so many blood tests taken all at once for my diabetic doctor and my kidney specialist and I thought I'm always up on my blood work.
Nurse: Yeah, it looks like this one just sort of somehow fell through the cracks. Unfortunately, I do apologize, but at least you found it now and we got it figured out and it's already in there. So, like I said, as soon as I hear back, if they're not able to do it, I'll definitely give you a call. Ok. Ok. Thank you so much. You're welcome. You take care. Um, bye, bye, bye bye.
