Nurse: With the care management team. How can I help you?
Patient: Yeah, this is uh I'm returning your call.
Nurse: Ok, well I appreciate you getting back to me, [PHI-Personal], how you doing today? Alright good. Uh I just wanted to go over some information with you that's about uh the new program uh that Doctor [PHI-Personal] is offering. Do you have a couple of minutes? Ok. Uh [PHI-Personal] the call is recorded for quality purposes. Ok. Ok. Uh what it is really it's a it's a care management program and behavior health program and that's just where our nurse is gonna call and check in with you see how you're doing in between office visits. She's gonna go over your full medical health with you answering any questions addressing any issues or concerns that you may have. Uh she'll also go over any medications that you're taking, you know, making sure they're working the way that they should be and that your conditions aren't worsening or if you have questions about your medications or needed refills. Ok. Uh if you had questions or needed help with like appointments, labs, community resources, those are just some of the things your nurse will discuss with you during the phone call? Ok. Now, um I do want to let you know [PHI-Personal] that the care management programs and behavior health programs are both considered to be office visits. And so they're both billable services to Medicare and Medicare Advantage plans and secondary insurance carriers. Uh, they're both subject to co insurances and deductibles and co payments. So when you have contact with your dedicated nurse, you may get a statement from the practice for these services. Now you get to choose how often your nurse calls you. So if you'd like her to call you once a month or once every three months or six months or even just once a year, that's up to you. Um, I'm gonna mail you a letter to the program. It'll have your dedicated nurses contact information in there. So you're able to call her with any questions or concerns also. Ok.
Patient: No, we, I'm already in one of them programs from the [PHI-Personal] that the nurse comes around.
Nurse: Oh, does, ok. So does she come just once a year or does she come more than once a year?
Patient: Well, I, I, I'm really not on a lot of medications that I need to follow up just BP and, uh, I think for my prostate other than that I don't really take nothing else. Ok. So, and I do see Doctor [PHI-Personal] every six months. I, uh, I don't see, uh, why I, right now, why I'm I would have to see a nurse in between.
Nurse: Well, ok. So it's just, it's actually just a phone call. The nurse would just make a phone call to you. But if you're already having a nurse come to your home, does she come more than once a year? No, no, no. Ok. So that's just like the, the wellcare visit then, uh, this program, actually, it helps doctor stay on top of how you're doing in between appointments with him. And they're, the, the programs are designed to offer additional support for you. So, you know, like, even if you wanted your nurse to call you just once a year and then that way if you did have any questions or concerns you're still able to reach out to your dedicated nurse if you wanted to.
Patient: And that phone call, is that a, is that a fee for that? It,
Nurse: It's, they, they're con, the programs are considered to be office visits. So, you know, for example, if you had your nurse call, you once a year, you may get a statement from the practice once a year for your copays.
Patient: Yeah. No, I don't think I'm gonna do that right now. I pay, I pay enough co pays as I, as it is. You know what I mean? If I, if I thought I needed something like that I would gladly do it. But right now, uh, I think I'll pass on that.
Nurse: Ok. That's not a problem. [PHI-Personal], you're able to enroll or opt out at any time. Um I'm just gonna mail you the information if you change your mind, then you just let Doctor [PHI-Personal] know. Ok.
Patient: Ok. Do thank you.
Nurse: Uh Oh, you're welcome. Have a good day.
Patient: Bye
Nurse: Bye bye.
