Nurse: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hello, [PHI-Personal]. This is just [PHI-Personal]. I'm returning your call.
Nurse: Hi, how are you? Ok.
Patient: I'm a little gas but apart from that, I'm ok, the, the dizziness seems to be doing better. I'm not using the, the, um, cane. I'm not using the cane so much in the house, you know, and when I go, I just take it along with me, you know, just in case, just in case. Yeah.
Nurse: So the dizziness is better then I am glad to hear
Patient: That. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm.
Nurse: Did you have to take much of the dizzy medicine or did it kinda go away on its own?
Patient: I'm still taking it. I think it, you should finish and probably when it finishes I will not renew it. Do you know what I mean?
Nurse: Yeah. You don't think you'll need it
Patient: And see what happens. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. I think I, yeah,
Nurse: How's everything going with, like, your chemo treatments and everything?
Patient: Ok. Well, I was hoping the last time that I would just have the four and no more, but she said that it hadn't gone completely. So she suggested I take two more, um, which I did one last tour last Tuesday. Not Tuesday. Yes. Tuesday. Uh huh. And then one more. The [PHI-Personal]. And no more because I can't take anymore because this thing is harsh on the body, you know?
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. It's
Patient: Very harsh on the body. Makes me tired. Very tired. Oh,
Nurse: Yeah. Do you get sick and stuff with it or is it just like
Patient: Tired? I thank the [PHI-Personal]. I don't vomit. I don't get nauseated. You know, when I tell I said my daughter, I said this is horrible. She said, mom, give God praise. They, they keep asking. Are you nauseous? Are you vomiting? Do you take the medicine? I said, she says, no, that is a praise. But my, when I had, I went yesterday for my labs, my white count is down when I had the chemotherapy the week before when I went on Tuesday, my, my hemoglobin is a little down. I had a Procrit shot and some other things are down. But she said she called the practitioner and she said it's expected because I had the treatment the week before.
Nurse: Right? So
Patient: Yeah, so I'm trusting the [PHI-Personal]. This has been, this has been uh a journey. I I would never wish on anybody but God is good and I trust him. And as I say, it's all in his hands, right? You know, it's all in his hands. I say, [PHI-Personal], I never asked for this. I can't say why. But I say what, please show me what you want me to, to learn from this. Never had anything like this in my life. Mhm. You know, it, it's been hard and my daughter had been with me for five but she just left today to go back to [PHI-Geographic]. She's going to go for two for two weeks and then she's coming back, spent three weeks and then she will be gone for good. So, you know, I'll be pretty much on my own. But I'm praying that by that I will feel better, you know. Right. I will feel,
Nurse: Yeah, once that chemo is done and everything, I feel like you'll start, you'll start getting better. It'll be, it'll be slow, but you'll start getting back to feeling better and getting your strength back. And
Patient: Yes, yes. And I've gained some weight. I had lost a lot of weight. I was like 1 74. I went down to 1 40 and now I'm nearly 1 50. Good, good. So my, my appetite has improved greatly. I thank God, you know. So, yeah, yeah. So I trust, I trust the [PHI-Personal]. You know, I mean, when, when they gave me the report, it didn't sound good, but I cried out to the [PHI-Personal] and asked him to help me and heal me. And there were a lot of people praying for me. So prayer is a wonderful tool, you know. So I trust the [PHI-Personal]. I trust the [PHI-Personal], but whatever he's willing, it will be done. But give me peace even in the midst of the storm. Right. Yeah. So, you know, we hang in there and when my daughter left this morning, it was kind of sad because every time she would leave, she would ask a friend to stay with me. But everybody is going back to their destination, you know, but I say [PHI-Personal] Jesus, no, nobody is here with me physically but you're here with me spiritually. Give me your joy and your peace, you know. So. Mhm Yeah, but I'm doing ok. Thank God. Uh Yeah. Yeah. I'm
Nurse: Glad that that dizziness is better.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah, because it's horrible because everybody is saying bring a commode. I have a commode. I don't want to be a commode in the bedroom. My daughter, she put, she put baths so she got them, she got someone to install baths in the shower. Thank God I have a shower and, and there there's a shower head that is hanging down so I could put it and shower and a stool. I can sit in there and shower.
Nurse: Good. Yeah, like a like a shower chair. Good.
Patient: Yes. And it put, you could push it up and down and um she also put like a great thing around the toilet so I could hold on to it when I go in there. Good, good. So, so she, she put, she has really helped me and put a lot of stuff in place. Yeah.
Nurse: Do you have stairs or anything in your
Patient: House? No, no, no, I, I was raised up in a two story house and I always said I don't want that. I don't want it. So, when I bought this house back in [PHI-Personal] it's, it's a flat house. You drive in the garage and you walk straight into the house, you know? So everything is on one level. Yeah, because I know as you're getting older, those things are difficult
Nurse: For sure.
Patient: Yeah. So, and she has stairs and when I go to her house, the stairs are steep. So she lives in [PHI-Geographic]. It's an older house. And she says, mom, I don't want you coming down down stairs because you will fall down in that basement and I come and find you there. They are so steep. They are so steep. Mhm.
Nurse: My grandma lives in an old house and her stairs are really steep like that and really narrow and I don't even like using them.
Patient: Yes. Yeah, I used to go and, and then the laundry is downstairs. I have to bring them up and then I'm, I'm putting the, the, the clean laundry in the basket on the stairs. As I go up and holding onto the rail, she said, I have a feeling one day that it is gonna give away. So she said the last time I went there, she said, please don't come downstairs, stay up, you know. So I think eventually, I don't know if she's gonna stay in it, but if she does, she's gonna have to buy another house. You know, if I go to visit her, you know, because you upstairs, you can go downstairs and she has like a den downstairs and a television, big television you could watch. So I don't know what she'll do. But, yeah, she has two stories but I have one level. Yeah.
Nurse: That's good. That's good. That makes it easier to get around and everything. Don't have to worry about falling on any stairs. There's no step into your house or anything. That's
Patient: Right. And I have a washer and dryer and they, in a, a closet. So I just open and put them, put this stuff in the laundry, you know. So it's not like hers that I have to go downstairs to do the laundry, you know, it's so convenient. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. That's my God's [PHI-Personal]. I trust Jesus. Jesus is good. He is so good. He is
Nurse: All the time.
Patient: Yeah. Even though when we are not good he loves us unconditionally. He just wants us to repent and return.
Nurse: Right. I agree.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. But thanks for calling me. I appreciate that. Um, do
Nurse: You need any refills or anything today?
Patient: Not, uh, not at this time. Thanks. She, she checked all of them. I put, you know, she used to put out all my pills. You know, my goodness. I never had a lot of pills before, like high BP pill and the thyroid. Now I have about seven at one time. So she used to put them out. So she, she said to me now, mom, you are gonna have to put out these pills. I'm gonna watch you. So she showed me, she watched me and I put them out. So, and I put them out on Saturday for the whole week in the, in the little boxes. So in the day I just go and take out what I have to take. But she checked them, she said, I think all your pills are up to date. So when she comes back, she's going to see what needs to be done and then I'm gonna have to take over, you know. Right. But she, she has a, she has two big folders, you know, she said I'm taking one back to [PHI-Geographic] and I'm leaving one here with you and I'm gonna call you every day to check and see how you're doing. And we're gonna discuss, I said you didn't show me how to look up the labs because I'm not computer literate. I hate computers. So she said I didn't give you the, the, the, um, the, the code to get in, but I'm gonna do it and let you know when you come back, we gonna go on the computer and I'm gonna show you how to get in and give you one code. So, you get all your labs because you see, I have Doctor [PHI-Personal]. I have, um, the cancer. I have the kidney doctor. I have all these others and, like, nobody tells the other what's going on, you know? Right. She is the one who's coordinating everything. That girl is wonderful. Or somebody asked me, is she a nurse? I said, no, she's not. She works in a nonprofit organization but she's very organized, you know. Yeah. She's very, very organized. She's, it's, she's a blessing. My only child. It's hard on her because she's carrying all the burden, you know. But, but God is good, you know, that's what
Nurse: Your kids are for. You take, you raise them and then when you get older it's time for them to take care of you.
Patient: Yeah. But it is every kid who does that, you know what I mean? Some of them done, you know? That's right. That's right.
Nurse: I'm an only child too. So. Oh, you
Patient: Are? Yeah. Yeah. I said, oh, I so much wanted to have another child but you know what? Someone said you might have another one and she cause you so much grief and pain, just be grateful for what you have.
Nurse: Right.
Patient: Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. She's my only child. You know, I'm grateful. I am so grateful and she has all her friends and her, her, her, her coworkers been praying for me. All through the country. Even one of them was in [PHI-Geographic]. He was in a missionary and she said we're praying for and the people over here praying for your mum too. Yeah.
Nurse: Oh, yeah. I got a lot of prayers going on out
Patient: There. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's good. Yeah. Yeah. Ok. Mhm.
Nurse: All right. Well, I will check in with you next month but if you need anything before then you feel free to give me a call. Ok. Ok. Thank you. You're welcome. Bye bye bye.
