Nurse: This is hello. May I speak to [PHI-Personal] please? Um Give me just one second. May I ask who's calling? Yes, this is uh [PHI-Personal] and I'm calling about my dad, [PHI-Personal] Ri she had called this morning. Ok. Give me just one second. Let me take a look here. Hm. Ok. All right. So what
Patient: I'm gonna try to do is I'm gonna try to transfer you
Nurse: Over to her.
Patient: Um If
Nurse: You get cut off, I'm also sending her a message we just got a new uh we just got a new phone system so I'm gonna try to do this
Patient: Transfer but
Nurse: It did not get go through. I'm also sending her a message so don't worry she
Patient: Will call you back.
Nurse: Alright, thank you. You're welcome.
Patient: Hang tight. Mhm. This is [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you?
Nurse: Hi [PHI-Personal], this is [PHI-Personal] Den. You called about my dad.
Patient: Yeah, yeah, I was calling to check and see how he was doing today.
Nurse: Well, he's doing pretty good. Uh He had a uh uh electrocardiogram today that was ordered by his heart doctor and then he has a follow up with him uh later in [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Good. Just a normal thing that they do every so often. Right.
Patient: Right. Keep an eye on how everything's going with his heart and everything. And that's good because he's got the AFIB so they probably wanna make sure everything's going well with that is, you know, too. So, yeah. Um, so good. So, he had that, you said this morning?
Nurse: Yes. Uh huh. Ok. He was there?
Patient: Ok. Good. And then he, um, I know he takes the Coumadin, uh, every day. Right. Does he, has he had any symptoms of the afib recently? Like the irregular heartbeat or shortness of breath or anything or has he been? Ok?
Nurse: No, he's been good. He's been fine. Good.
Patient: Yeah. Good. So, he hasn't had any issues with that either. No hum-um. Good. And, yeah, I know it, it, it can be, you know, it can come on all of a sudden, but he could be ok if, you know, if he's on the, on the Coumadin, I can't even talk at this point of the day. He's on the Coumadin. Um, so that really does help with it. So, that's good. Um, and it, you know, the symptoms can come and go. Uh, has he had symptoms in a while or? No? Has he been pretty
Nurse: Good? Oh, no, he's been good. Yeah. And they, you know, he gets his inr checked every month and it's been the same, they haven't had to adjust his medication in years. So
Patient: Good. Good. So, he's stable on his dose. Yeah, that's really good too. Um, that you don't have to worry about that, that, you know, he's nice and stable on it and it's good that he only has to get the inr checked once, you know, once a month instead of having to go, like, every week or something like that. That would just be really frustrating. Um, you know, and on you and on him to have to just go and get it done more frequently. So good. It's good that he's doing well on that. And does he, have you noticed if he, if he bruises early on it? Uh, well, not early, easily, see the end of the day and I'm all around. Yeah.
Nurse: I mean, he does, you know, he does bruise easily but hasn't caused any real issues or anything good.
Patient: Ok. Good. Yeah, it just being on the blood thinner, it, it doesn't take much to do a little bump and, and bruise it up, um, or, you know, bleed a little bit longer than normal. So, as long as he just kind of keeps an eye on that, that's good. And then, yeah, like the PTINR getting it done monthly. Um, does he get labs drawn or do they have a machine that they use for him? No,
Nurse: He gets labs
Patient: Drawn. Ok. So he does that good and that, you know, that just checks to see what, you know, his clotting time is um, on his Coumadin. So good. That means his clotting time has been exactly where they want it and there hasn't been any issues. So that's really, really good. Um, good. I'm glad he's doing well. Um, I see it looks like you had sent a message over about, uh, his medication. Right. For his alprazolam.
Nurse: Yeah, I'm having a little bit of trouble with, uh, Caremark. I guess. I, I'm not sure where the problem is but, ok, um, uh, I had gotten a message that they, uh, tried to contact, uh, Doctor H's office three times and they asked me to contact them. So I did contact them probably two weeks ago maybe. And, um, and they came back and I guess the medication was called the Rite Aid instead of Caremark. Ok. So then I called back and then they said they would, they notified Caremark but then I still hadn't heard anything from Caremark as far as the date they were going to send it. Mhm. And, uh, they said that they're still waiting to hear from Doctor [PHI-Personal] office. Uh, what it says here in the message. Let's see. According to our records, your physician office has not responded to the pharmacy's request to verify information required to process your order. And then they gave me their order number and it's saying it has been held as a result and it says, please ask your physician's office to call and there's an 800 number um, and I do you know what the
Patient: Date on that
Nurse: Is, uh, the, let's see, that was the [PHI-Personal]. Ok,
Patient: Because yeah, I was, I see the, the form that CV S Caremark had faxed over um, in here and it was filled out and faxed back to them on [PHI-Personal]. That's why I was asking what the date was on that because I can look in here and see it and I can see that it was done and faxed to them on [PHI-Personal]. So it was sent over now, whether they received it or not is,
Nurse: Yeah. Well, that's what I said. I said I understand it was sent to you and they're saying that there's been no response. So I'm like stuck in the middle. I don't know who to go to, to get anything done. Um, would it be possible for you to call that 800 number?
Patient: Um, yeah, I can call and see if they have the information. Is it this, uh, [PHI-Account]?
Nurse: Yeah. And it says to verify information on the order, have your physician provide the order number, which is that [PHI-Account]. Um, the name, which of course would be his, the date of birth and the ID number number. Yeah,
Patient: I, yeah, I see the letter here that you attached. Oh, ok.
Nurse: So, yeah, I see
Patient: That I do see it here. Yeah, I see it here. Um I pulled it up and I see it in here. Um Yeah, I mean, I can reach out to them and see, I mean, because it does, like I said that it is in here and it was faxed over. So I'm not really sure what the issue is and
Nurse: I know I did call Doctor Seller's office twice and they, they looked and they said, oh, it was sent and then I kept going back to Caremark saying it was sent and then they sent this back to me. So I'm like, not getting anywhere.
Patient: It's frustrating, isn't it? Mail order pharmacies just really hurt the brain. Um,
Nurse: And I know this medication itself is on one of those lists that they have to follow up on all the time or whatever. But, uh, you know, um, I didn't have any trouble the last time getting it. It's just this time which I know it's not going to be sent yet, you know, but they do these things, these orders, like ahead of time and everything. So,
Patient: Yeah. Was it, uh, the last time he got it, it was through the same pharmacy. It was, it was through CVS Caremark. Yes, it was.
Nurse: Ok. So they filled it before. Yeah, I can tell you the date I'm into his thing here. Now it's, ah, it said it was delivered. Uh, I can give you that order number. It doesn't have the date that it was delivered. I see. Track your order if that shows anything. Ok, it was delivered. [PHI-Personal]. Ok. Uh, yeah, that's when it was delivered. And,
Patient: And how many do they send him at a time? They, they
Nurse: Had sent him 90. Ok. So that's what I mean, it's not really due yet. I mean, it probably won't be mailed until [PHI-Personal] the end of [PHI-Personal]. But, uh, you know, but, um, I was getting a little concerned I'm gonna be on vacation for a while and I kinda follow up on all this stuff for him and,
Patient: Right, you trying to get everything in order
Nurse: Before I can get it resolved before I'm away for nine days and. Right.
Patient: Right. Yeah. No, I get it. You're just, you want to make sure everything is in a row and good to go before you leave. So, when you're on vacation you don't have to worry about it. Yeah. Um, you know, with all that and I see he's got an appointment coming up with doctor [PHI-Personal] on the [PHI-Personal] of [PHI-Personal] as well.
Nurse: Yes. And before that, uh, both of them, my mom and my dad, they go at the same time. Um, they both have blood work scheduled at the family practice in [PHI-Geographic]. Yeah. On the, on the 15th. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah, I see that in here as well. Yeah. Yeah. Um, good. Yeah. So, I mean, I, I can understand you wanna get everything situated and set up before you have to, you know, before you go away because you don't wanna have to worry about it. You wanna make sure it's good and you don't wanna come home and be like, what do you mean? He hasn't gotten it yet and we don't have it and, and then now you're rushing around trying to figure it out and get everything so I can completely understand that too. Um, but I mean, I can try to reach out to them and give them a call and see if I can get a hold of anybody there. Um, sometimes they're a pain in the butt to get a, get a hold of right away. But I will reach out and try, um, to see if I can get somebody, um, mail order pharmacies are just a big, big pain in the butt. Um, to deal with. Sometimes I, I
Nurse: Know, um, it's just that, uh, for us it's easier to get mailed to them than, because especially my dad, he's on like, seven medications, I think. Right. It seems like no sooner. Do you pick up one? Then there's another one ready?
Patient: Exactly. I, I completely understand it. Does it and it's nicer because, you know, the mail order it comes right to you a lot of times they let you know when you're ready for the refills and then on his other medications, he's probably getting 90 day supplies of it. So you don't have to worry about it every, you know, unless it's every three months, it's just a lot easier to do that. A lot of people like the mail order pharmacies for that reason. Um, so it makes complete sense. I completely get it. And you're right, you don't have to worry about going to pick it up because I need to be picking up a prescription every week from the pharmacy and it can be frustrating. So I get it, um, I'll reach out to them and see if I can get a hold of somebody there and see if you know what the deal is with the situation is. Um, does he need any, he's good on all of his other medications? Right? He doesn't
Nurse: Need everything else, everything else. This is fine. Yeah. Ok, perfect.
Patient: Do you have any questions or anything for me before I let you go? No,
Nurse: That should be
Patient: Everything. All right. Sounds good. Well, if you need anything, you can always reach out and give me a call. Ok. Ok. Thank you. You're welcome. Have a good day. You too. Thanks. Bye bye.
