Patient: In [PHI-Geographic]. If this is a medical emergency, please hang up and dial 911. If you are calling for directory assistance, general information or patient information, please press one. If you are calling to schedule an appointment, please press two. Thank you for calling [PHI-Geographic]. If this is a medical emergency, please hang up and dial 911. If you are calling for directory assistance, general information or patient information, please press one if you are calling to schedule an appointment. Please press two. Thank you for calling [PHI-Geographic]. It please hold for the next available associate. Your call will be recorded for quality assurance. You too.
Nurse: Thank you for choosing Temple Health. My name is Lan. How may I help you feeling today? How may I help you? Um Yes, I'm trying to get in touch with uh Temple lung clinic. Will this be your first visit at our lung clinic? No, I've been there. I'm calling my doctor. I'm trying to get in touch with my doctor about a prescription and I talked to someone today and they called back and my phone didn't bring so. Ok, so and you come to the one at the Temple location on Board Street. Uh No, the one over with the Genes Hospital at Gene. Ok, one moment, I'm gonna transfer you now. Have a good de good evening. Ok. You're welcome. Ok. Ok. Ok. At Temple University. If this is a medical emergency, please hang up and call 911. Our hours of operation are 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Friday. If this is an urgent matter and you need to speak with our on call physician, please press one. Otherwise, please call back during normal business hours. Thank you for choosing Temple. Are you still there? Thank you for calling the Lung Center at Temple University. If this is a medical emergency, please hang up and call 911. Our hours of operation are 8 a.m. to five pm. Monday through Friday. If this is an urgent matter and you need to speak with our on call physician, please press one. Otherwise, please call back during normal business hours. Thank you for choosing Temple and thank you for calling the Temple Lung Center. Our normal office hours are Monday through Friday from 8 a.m. until five pm. If you are returning the offices, call
