Nurse: This is [PHI-Personal]. Can I help you?
Patient: Yeah. Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal] singer. Returning your call.
Nurse: Yes. Hi. Ok. Give me just one second. Get you pulled up
Patient: Here. I was in [PHI-Geographic] when you called the first time. And, uh, I just got back. Sounds
Nurse: Wonderful. Was he on vacation or was he just,
Patient: Um, we actually our, our grandson. No, no work. Um, our grandson goes to space camp in [PHI-Geographic], [PHI-Geographic]. So our daughter flies him in from New [PHI-Geographic] and we went and picked her up and we, and dropped him off at [PHI-Geographic] and, and, uh, then our daughter and my wife and I went over to [PHI-Geographic] for the week and then I dropped her off in [PHI-Geographic] so she could fly back and went and picked up her grandson. He comes up here for the summer. So. Oh,
Nurse: Wow. Well, it sounds like you've had a, a good, a good trip then. That sounds wonderful.
Patient: Yep. So far.
Nurse: So good. So, yeah, so the reason for my call today, [PHI-Personal] is I just wanted to introduce myself, let you know, I'm the nurse care manager that's gonna be reaching out to you. Once every three months. Um, checking in with you seeing if you have any questions, concerns any issues. Um, some of the things I can help you with is scheduling appointments, medication refills. Maybe you need more services at home or maybe the cost of prescriptions is getting too high. I can help you with all of those services. Ok. Um,
Patient: I'm sorry, go ahead. Well, I've got an appointment there for tomorrow morning at eight in the morning. Yes.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: So. Right. And, uh, um, you know, a little bit, I had an endoscopy done. I've had, uh, an issue with my, um, I had a ulcer, stomach ulcer and, uh, or whatever it is. But anyways, I have a, uh, esophageal hernia and the Sky's ring also so that I have difficulty at times swallowing. And so I, I had a, uh, and this copy done with doctor about 2.5, 3 years ago and he wouldn't refill my prescription for omeprazole unless I came in again for another endoscopy. And I tried telling his nurse several times when she'd call and tell me that. I said, look, I never met with him. He never talked to me. And I mean, I don't know if that's the way you don't, you all do things up here. But anyway, I scheduled one with, uh endoscopy down there in, in Ville, I think, and they're no better. I mean, I, I never even got to talk to that doctor. I mean, uh, you know, and I just got a letter from him saying that I was supposed to go over that with my, with, with doctor, I guess, I hope that he sent him something because I still have a prescription for omeprazole if I need it. You know, and that was the whole purpose of the endoscopy was see if I even needed it. So I, and this guy, um, he took, uh, polyps, supposedly he took seven polyps out and now, and sent out to be tested. That's the first time that's ever happened. And I've been having these things for 10, 10 years, at least, you know, like every couple of years and my doc, my doctor out in New [PHI-Geographic] never found anything other than what, what, what I had, you know, and, and I, you know, I, I had a terrible time because I had it done before we left for, for [PHI-Geographic] and, and, uh, [PHI-Geographic] and I mean, I, it's the worst. I couldn't eat hardly at all while I was gone. I kept getting sick to my stomach and all. So, I mean, I'm, I'm really upset with this, this, I mean, the endoscopy guy here, I mean, I, I don't even know his name. I never really met him. Ok. So, I mean, I, I don't know what to say.
Nurse: I do see the report in here from your G I that you had on [PHI-Personal] and I was just trying to read through it. Um, and it just says advanced diet as tolerated continue medication, upper endoscopy was overall normal except medium size hiatal hernia. I would recommend lifestyle changes for reflux. And that, and that's it for the,
Patient: What, what lifestyle changes do you do?
Nurse: I mean, that, that's the question. Very good question. What do you do for? I mean, I know what you can do for reflex as far as, you know, you know, not laying down after eating, you know, eating small meal. I mean, there's those things you can do, but I'm already doing
Patient: All that. Yeah, as far as to be honest, and I'm not being smart. Um, to be honest with you, uh, my ulcer and my problems are thanks to my son. Ok. So, um,
Nurse: I'm, I'm there with you stand. I,
Patient: I have a son who's, I mean, he's a drug addict and alcoholic and I don't know how else to put it and has been for years. And, uh, I, I, I've spent a ton of money trying to get him into rehab and, and went to every court hearing, paid for attorneys and all kinds of things when he got arrested. And anyways, uh, my last conversation with him was a text message a couple of years ago when he said he was gonna come kill me and then kill himself. So, you know, my ending conversation with him was that's it. I'm not, you know, please don't call me anymore and, and we're done, you know, so I haven't talked to him in over two years and I don't care if I ever do and believe it or not, I am better now than I have been in years, you know. So, I,
Nurse: I mean, I'm so sorry for the situation but I understand stress. I mean, stress affects us, you know, it's all in so many different ways. And so are you saying you need some omeprazole like you?
Patient: Well, I don't know if I do or not because II, I was, you know, again, I've been doing really well and what I had done is I went and, and just in the meantime, because you won't fill my prescription for 40 I went and just bought over the counter twenties, you know, because you can buy that over the counter and, and I actually have cut back to where I'm only taking it every three days and I'm not getting acid reflux and I'm not getting acid indigestion. What I feel like. And, and I can only describe it as, um, if I have something hot, if I have a hot meal, this is what happened to me all week down in [PHI-Geographic] and stuff. If I had a hot meal, we went out to dinner stuff and had a hot meal and I had a very cold drink and I asked for them without ice, but even like some of the soda machines still put them out cold. You know what I'm saying? Or if they bring you water and it's cold water, then I almost feel like there's a contraction in my throat and I just can't swallow. Oh, wow. And I tend to have, I have a tendency to choke because see, I, I wanted to explain that all to the, the endoscopy guy. You got his name. But anyways, but I, but I, like I said, I never got to talk to him.
Nurse: They never scheduled you for a follow up to go over
Patient: The results. I think the letter says to you uh that follow up with my physicians with the letter they sent me said, OK, so, you know, I mean, I don't know, I mean, I believe it or not, my I've had probably um four of them, three or four of them done um by Doctor [PHI-Personal] out in New [PHI-Geographic], out in [PHI-Geographic] while I was out there. And he always gave me an appointment before the endoscopy. He came and talked to me after the endoscopy would be done while I was in recovery. And then he always scheduled a follow up and we could talk and, and you know, he understood my situation with my son and stuff and, you know, I mean, he also understood that, you know, I needed to do something but, you know, I really couldn't, it wasn't, I mean, you know, last time my son got arrested the, the state's attorney said to me, he said, you, you've done everything you can. He says, you know, he said it's not your fault. I said, I know, but it's very difficult for me to give up on my own. You know, my own son. I said, I've got a daughter who's excellent, you know, I mean, and I said, you know, I said, how could I screw up one and not the other, You know, I mean, so, you know, but anyway, and he, you know, he finally said to me, he says, but, you know, he said it's not your fault and she finally, it's actually was a female. But, uh, the state's attorney finally said to me, he says, you know, it's really not your fault. She says I see it all the time. She said so, you know, she says you just need to, you know, let it go and, and at that point I cut him off and, and I, like I say, I heard from him twice in two years and I haven't heard from him in the last two years because I just, I refuse to give him any more money or anything to help him. I, I just don't care. I it's the only way I can handle it. So, so my reflux and stuff, I mean, truly is, is, is doing well. I just have, there's every once in a while and I don't know, um, like we stopped at long horns on the way back up. And, um, I had, we had chicken fingers, my wife and I just split chicken tenders and there must be a spice or something in there that sets it sets my stomach off because, I mean, I took two bites and I, I couldn't settle my stomach down the rest of the, the rest for the next four hours. Oh, jeez. I mean, I got sick several times while I was driving. I just decided to pull off. But, I mean, um, I don't know what that is or what causes that. And, uh, I, you know, II, I have, uh, in the morning and it's the only thing I can think of because traveling like that, my diet obviously changes because, you know, here at the house I have a protein shake in the morning with, um, I put flacks in it, um, my fruit and stuff like that so that I have, you know what I consider a healthy shake in the morning and I, I don't, like I say, here I, like, since I've been back now, I mean, I really aren't, I'm not having any problems. Um, so I'm, I'm, I'm, have, you know, I can see,
Nurse: Have you noticed though, stand, since you've been home drinking cold fluids? Have you felt that contraction in your, yesterday?
Patient: I went to Joe's for, uh, pizza and I had one of their sodas and, I mean, uh, it's, yes, I did. With that, but I didn't get sick. But I just, it just, I feel like a very strong contraction where I just can't breathe and stuff and I can't swallow and I know better than trying to take a bite or try and drink anymore when that happens. You know, I just, it's like I said, I don't know, it just feels like a muscle contraction or something, you know, it, you know, to me, I,
Nurse: I'm, I'm gonna send a message over to doctor today since you have your appointment tomorrow. I just wanna make sure that he goes over um you know, the report that's in your chart um from the endoscopy. And then I also just wanna let him know about the contraction feeling that you're having with the cold fluids. You know, so that way when you're in there, you know, it's your annual wellness exam. I don't want you to forget, you know, because you guys are gonna cover everything. So I'm gonna send a message today just to say, you know, you had the endoscopy done. No follow up, you know, the results were sent to doctor for you to follow up with him. So, you know, I'm gonna have doctor go over those with you tomorrow and then talk about this contraction with your throat with the cold fluid because something's causing that, you know, something's not, you know, the something's out of whack
Patient: For it to something. I mean, I don't, I don't know what it is. I mean, because II I travel a lot, I mean, you know, and because, you know, that's what we like to do. I mean, my wife and I travel, I mean, we worked hard and we saved and that's what we enjoy. So, um, like we're going to [PHI-Geographic] in two weeks. Um, and we're gonna be over there for two weeks. We went to [PHI-Geographic] for the Christmas market for a couple of weeks. We took our grandson and our daughter over there. Uh We're going to [PHI-Geographic] this, this December, you know, so that's why I say we plan things while ahead and on and, you know, like in [PHI-Geographic], I had no problem, you know, with the food and all. Um, you know, and, and just, I have more problems, I think in the States than I do in your. But I do believe personally, I believe the food is better in [PHI-Geographic] than it is over here as process.
Nurse: I just gonna say that I, you know, I, I don't know why, but I've been on that kick lately of looking at our foods and then the foods that are made in America or not even made in America, but sold to us all the other countries that ban them because there's things in them that are harmful or, you know, toxic. And I'm thinking, but we sell them in America like
Patient: I know it makes no sense to me. I agree with you. I mean, I've, I've read the same things and, I mean, it's like, and, and I'll be honest, I mean, you go to [PHI-Geographic] and they always have fruit for breakfast and there's always cantaloupe or honey dew and different fruit, pineapple, whatever. It's always fresh and always good here at, like, we couldn't find strawberries yesterday. We, we got in, uh, a couple of days ago so we went to the supermarket yesterday to get some strawberries and different, but we couldn't find any that didn't have bad ones in it. Mhm. You know, and they're in season now. I mean, so, you know, I mean, I mean, it's like, so you have to, like, we're gonna go down to, down there in tomorrow and, and, you know, hopefully they've got some, you know, fresh ones because I just, I don't know what's going on here but it isn't just when you travel, like we do, like I say, you, you notice a difference. I mean, we truly do. I'm sure you do. I
Nurse: Mean, so, so my calls to you, yeah, my calls to you soon are gonna come every three months. So I'm just gonna check in with you every three months. Like I said, see if you have any questions, concerns, do a little bit of patient education, you know, maybe talk about, you know, any, uh, questions you may have and then, um, I'm gonna mail you a letter today with my name and phone number. So that way if you have any questions or concerns in between my calls to you, you can always reach out to me. So I like to tell my patients, I will only be calling you every three months. But if you have a question or concern or need something, please call me. We can speak with each other as many times as needed. Ok, through, you know, throughout the month. So that just means I'm calling you every three, but you can call me every month if you need
Patient: To. Now, I have one other question today. Um I'm on levothyroxine and have been for 15 years and the prescription only changes so far it only changed about every four years or so, you know, they keep upping a little bit about every takes about every four years. Um doctor you already give, gives me the prescription for 90 day and then no, with no refills and I have to call the office to get the refills. Um Is there any way to get it with some refills so that I can just, you know, the pharma pharmacist doesn't have to go through that or is that not? Is that something that's not allowed here? Uh
Nurse: No, I can change that so that there is multiple refills so that you don't have to. I wonder if that's just because you're newer to the practice. I
Patient: Don't know. I don't know, but I, I had the the blood work done last year when I came in and I, and I'm planning on doing it tomorrow. I won't, I'll fast tonight. Um, so that I can do it again tomorrow morning because that's all they ever did in the past is once a year when they do my blood work, they, you know, check on the, the, the level level, uh, whatever level they're checking. But anyway,
Nurse: Your, your levels, yes.
Patient: But anyways they check that and then, you know, they've always adjusted the medication once a year if, if, and like I say, it's only been every three or four years easy, um that they've had to change it. So, um but I mean, yeah, uh and I was gonna bring it up to him tomorrow. But anyways
Nurse: I will, I will, yeah, I will include that in the message as well to give you some refills. So that way when you're traveling and stuff, you don't have to worry about getting hold of the doctor's office to get the pre you know what I mean? That way it's handled, taken care. Well, that's,
Patient: That's my issue sometimes. Like, like I said, we're going in two weeks, we're gonna be in [PHI-Geographic] for two weeks. So if I don't check ahead of time and I'm down towards the end, why, then, you know, I have to make sure I do that before I leave, you know, and if I have the refills, all I do is to call the pharmacy and they know me and, and, you know, they take care of it and I go pick it up before I leave. But, you know, otherwise, you know, and I just, like, every once in a while I just worry about forgetting it. Not that I ever have, but you just, I'm getting older and feeble now, whatever.
Nurse: And then just real quickly your medications that you are currently taking and you're taking the Doxycycline, 100 mg, one tablet twice a day.
Patient: What is that?
Nurse: Uh, that is a, hold on. Yeah, I always have to look up the name brand for it. Um, it would be Monodox. It's an antibiotic used to treat or prevent infections.
Patient: Well, I had to be, I had, um, I had Lyme disease last year and I had a tick bite again this spring. So the doctor you already gave, you already gave me a prescription. I called him and before I last year I actually paralyzed the right side of my face. Um, so I didn't wanna go through that again. So I called him right away when I saw the eye and the tick on me and he prescribed that must be what he prescribed because he only gave it to me for 10 days. Yeah, the antibiotic gave it to me for 10 days and that took care of it. I didn't get, I didn't have any side effects at that point.
Nurse: Ok. Good. And then the Synthroid and then the omeprazole vitamin D three, a multivitamin and then aspirin a low dose aspirin.
Patient: Right. The low dose I wanna schedule, I don't have a, uh heart doctor up here and I'm gonna need to schedule for one. I, I, I had a, um, an incident in [PHI-Geographic], um, 15 years ago or so that, uh I went into AFIB and collapsed, um, and went in the hospital. Oh, I was at the [PHI-Geographic]. So believe it or not, when it happened, I was in the [PHI-Geographic]. So I went to the, I went to the [PHI-Geographic] Hospital. So, I mean, uh, right there. So they, they took care of it and I had an electro, it's a shock, you know, when I get back over here. Mhm. Um, so my cardiologist, yeah, into rhythm and that worked and, and I haven't had any problems since that I know of and I had, um, a cardiologist in New [PHI-Geographic] that I went once a year, you know, they do an electrocardiogram or whatever and never, I never had any problems. So, I mean, um, but I need to get one here just to keep an eye on it. I guess if nothing else it could be once every couple years or whatever,
Nurse: I would ask doctor, you know, for a recommendation on a local cardiologist and he should be able to give you that referral tomorrow. Ok.
Patient: Ok. And, uh, yeah, so that's, you know, that's uh the omeprazole, like I say, I'll talk to him about tomorrow too. I don't know. Like I said, I'm supposed to be on it anymore or not. I, uh, you know, like I bought over the counter 20 mg and that's, I've taken those like, every three or four days. I'm taking one right now. That's it. And I'm only doing it as a precaution because I haven't heard that I shouldn't be.
Nurse: Exactly, That's what I'll get this message over to him. So hopefully you guys can go over all of your questions tomorrow and get some answers and then I will reach back out to you in [PHI-Personal]. Ok, [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Ok. I'm trying to think [PHI-Personal]. I should be here if you call during the day. I don't, we don't have cell service here so that my cell phone only works. We have cell phones, but they only work when we're inside the house because they, they have to have internet. So if we're in [PHI-Personal], I'm outside a lot just like today. We were outside. We, we work outside during the summer and um, in the fall, we're clearing the property and stuff and doing different things. But um, so if I will call you back as soon as I get the message, just, you know, you know, if you don't get me, just leave me a message,
Nurse: I'll leave you a message and I usually try to leave my, I usually try to call each patient twice a month. So if I don't hear from you the first time, I usually try later again in the month to to see if you're available, but I appreciate your time today. Thank you for calling me back and it was a pleasure talking to you, ok?
Patient: You take care. Alright. Thank you. Bye bye bye.
