Nurse: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. Good morning. This is [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. How are you?
Patient: Not so good.
Nurse: I saw that. Oh, goodness, I saw you were at fast track. Was it just yesterday? Yes. Urgent care. Oh, goodness. I, well,
Patient: Let me, let me get, yeah, go ahead. No, I'm just gonna tell you what happened. Uh, as of last week, you know that we were, um, working on getting that. Um, uh, what's the name of the Medica Jardiance? The new medication Jardiance. I finally started using it on Wednesday. I got it on Tuesday, Wednesday morning. I started using it Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. All of a sudden I was feeling weak, exhausted, tired, [PHI-Personal]. And then I was urinating almost every hour. The urgency to urinate. I had a number of accidents which I wasn't happy. And, uh, so, uh, I probably said I started reading in detail, uh, the side effects of this medication and it mentioned about urinary tract infection infection. I go, oh, this must be it because I never went through this. Now, I do have an enlarged prostate. Ok. So I had to take that into consideration, but when this was happening on unusual frequency. Uh, I, I can't, uh, it's embarrassing, uh, you know, that I couldn't control my urination. Uh, I finally stopped. Ok. But Saturday and Sunday, including yesterday, I was feeling tired and weak and I couldn't understand why this was happening. Um, and then finally I said there's something going on here. So I went to the urgent, uh, uh, what do you call it urgent care facility next door to you? Fast track. Yeah. And they sure enough it was, I was infected and as a matter of fact, a couple of minutes ago I just came home and I got three medications, uh, for the infection and on top of that I was tested for COVID and the flu and I have the flu.
Nurse: So. Oh, goodness.
Patient: So, uh, I, I was hoping to get the medication last night, but I'm never that lucky. Uh, so I just, I just took it a minute ago before I called you. Um, so, uh, I'm very unhappy because the, the doctor, Doctor [PHI-Personal] never mentioned any side effects to this. Uh, actually she didn't give me much time to, to cover anything that I had on my list of things to talk about. You know, so I'm very unhappy about that part of it. Uh, because, uh, she says I don't have 15 minutes with you. I go what I'm saying to myself, what, what 15 minutes I got things to talk about here. I got you know. Well, anyway, I'm not gonna complain because it not gonna help me in any way. But I want you to be aware that I'm unhappy that I was not given the, uh, the attention that I so deserved. And, um, so I stopped taking Jardiance. I'm not gonna take it anymore. And, uh, now I just gotta focus on my flu and my, uh, infection. So I just took my first set of medications just now
Nurse: Just now. Ok. Sounds good. So, what was it on Friday? The last day of the medic? The Jardiance that you? I
Patient: Took, I took the, I took the medication when it says to take it in the morning. So I took it Wednesday, Thursday, Friday got you. And then, you know what, the problems that I had, I stopped as of Saturday. I didn't take anything that and I won't.
Nurse: Yeah. Right. Definitely. I, I would agree with you on that, especially, you know, if, if you're kind of already prone to some complications with an enlarged prostate and, uh, you know, UTIs, of course. And
Patient: I also have diabetes. I have a serious problem with diabetes. Ok. Mhm. Um, oh, my God. So, you know, your body is going through all sorts of God knows what, you know, and I'm saying, is it diabetes that's affecting me? Is it the new medication? You know, uh, you know, you, you're fighting in your mind, what, what's causing all this weakness until now I'm very weak now. Please understand. I also have a problem at home. My wife, you know, I come home. Uh, yeah, last night, because I was there almost 3.5 hours, four hours. That's how long it took. Uh, by the time I get home then she's acting up on me and, you know, and I, and I'm tired and I'm hungry and, you know, and then this morning is no different. So, you know, II I got things coming from all sides. But anyway, I started taking the medication. I will follow it diligently. And, um, is there anything else you need from me?
Nurse: No, I just, I wanted to check in, um, since I was, um, I had checked at your chart to, uh, see what's been going on with you and everything and I was going to follow up with the Jardiance and I saw that you went to fast track. So I just wanted to make sure that you were, you know, doing ok and I saw that you got the medications and everything. So hopefully, you know, in the next, you know, couple of days things will start to improve a little bit. Um, you know, day by day. But I'm so sorry that now you got all the other, uh, complications going on right now with flu and ut I, um, I'll make a note in your chart. I think I saw in there from Fast Track that you had also mentioned what you did too on the phone that you stopped that, but I'll put a note um, out to Doctor [PHI-Personal] and keep her updated and let her know that you had stopped that, um, as of Friday. Um, and you haven't taken it. Yeah, due to developing a UT I, so I'll keep her updated. Ok. Um, but, um, let me know if, uh, if anything, you know, if any other issues, uh come up or complications or anything, of course, reach out. Well,
Patient: I meant to call you this morning but you beat me to the punch.
Nurse: Well, no worries. Well, I hope you feel better soon. Ok? Get, you know, get as much rest as you're able to. I know you got a lot on your plate as it is. So, um, try and rest up as much as you can. Ok?
Patient: I shall, I shall. And I wanna thank you personally for my heart, uh, that you're always following up on me. So II I can't tell you how grateful I am for that. Thank you. Good,
Nurse: Good. You're welcome. Well, I hope you feel better soon. Ok. Yes, thank you. Ok. All right. You take care. Ok, bye. All right, bye
Patient: Right.
