Nurse: This is,
Patient: Hi. Did you realize you got cut off?
Nurse: Yeah, I'm not sure what happened there.
Patient: Yeah, I, well, no, I know what happened. Um, I talk on my phone after, if it's a long phone call it just quits. Really? Yeah. I was just saying to my husband we've gotta figure this out.
Nurse: Oh, well, maybe it's because I'm
Patient: The little one. What'd you say?
Nurse: Maybe it's just because I'm long winded.
Patient: No, I don't know what the time limit is but whenever I talk, um, no longer than normal, um, it does, it, so, anyway, you were
Nurse: Telling me that our call was 14 minutes.
Patient: Yeah. Ok. Well, that gives me an idea what, what this phone system, um, considers my limit to
Nurse: Me. Yeah. Apparently it's 14 minutes. Yeah.
Patient: Ok. So you were in the middle of telling me about, about doing, uh, uh, meal time? Yeah. Which we just talked about that yesterday
Nurse: Too. Yeah. So, just, you know, plan your meals in advance meal, prepping, drinking lots of water. Um, whenever you go to eat something, just ask yourself, you know, when was the last time that I ate? Am I actually hungry? Am I bored. Am I stressed? Um, am I just feeling snacky and if you're just feeling like snacky, try to reach for the healthier options instead.
Patient: Right. Yeah. Be, because, you know, going on a diet diet, like I've done so many times, uh, you know, it's not gonna, I just don't want to do that anymore. And that's, that's why I think, and the funny thing is I'm really, I am eating a lot less food but I am not eating as appropriately as I used to eat either.
Nurse: That's the hardest
Patient: Part. Not, not that I'm eating sweets and all that. I'm not, but I do eat too many carbohydrates for sure. There's no doubt we and, yeah. Yeah. Well, yeah, but I really am in, you know, I'm only [PHI-Personal] 10. So it's, it's really, you know, that's, I always say I'm not overweight, I'm under height. However, I've gotten so heavy now. I, I can't even, I can't even use that quip anymore.
Nurse: Yeah, I know that it's hard and, like, you don't wanna do a crash diet because it's just, you'll just gain it all back as soon as you're done. Like, crash dieting. The best thing to do is just make slow changes. Like you have been, you know, just, you're cutting back a little bit. You're not, you're trying not to eat late at night. Um, and then just slowly start, you know, whenever you're, you're feeling hungry, you know, make sure that you're, like, really hungry and that you're drinking plenty of water and just reach for the healthier things when you can just make small replacements of, you know, for instance, if you were to have, you know, um, steak and potatoes for dinner instead of steak and potato, try steak, half of a potato and a vegetable of some sort.
Patient: Yeah. You know, and the weird thing is I've, I've never been a picky eater and I like all kinds of food but lately I would say the last, um, oh, maybe a year. Um, I hate, you know, I just, I, I'm repulsed by, by food, um, things like meat and vegetables. You know, I just, it's weird. I just, you know, things that I used to like eating. So I'm having a hard time figuring that out, but it's sort of like, I'm disgusted by
Nurse: It. Yeah. Do you want me to, uh, what I can do is I can actually send you, it'll come by snail mail so you'll have to bear with me. I'm gonna take a minute to get there. Um, but I can send you in the mail like a list of, like, healthy weight loss foods. Um, like Power House foods that contain, you know, the protein that your body needs and not so many, not so many, you know, simple carbs. Um, that kind of, I can send you that kind of stuff and you can kinda look over the list and you know, see, see how your disgust level reacts to each thing and see if you can, you know, find something on the list that you might be interested in buying and, and eating.
Patient: Yeah, that might help. I mean, it's just, it's, it's hard to figure this one out. You know, why, why I'm being repulsed by food. Um, and, and why, you know, I used to work for aging so I would go out and interview people every day and all these women used to say, um you know, that they were losing interest in food and they were eating less and they were losing weight and I'm like, oh, ok. So I'm losing interest in food and I'm eating less and I'm gaining weight. Yeah. Yeah, that's, that's frustrating for me. So, and not your, you're right. So, it, it's everything to do with the, the choices. So sure that that would be good.
Nurse: Um Yeah, I'll send that over to you but um bear with me because it'll take a minute to get there um on the portal because I might be able just to publish it to the portal. I can try. Uh
Patient: Well, yeah, we, no, I don't even know if we do, but I hate portals. So I prefer, you just send it in the mail. Ok. That I, I hate doing all this stuff on the computer.
Nurse: Ok. All right. I can, I, I can send it by snail mail. That's the way that I prefer to do it but some patients prefer the, provide the, uh, portal,
Patient: The portal. Well, it is efficient. I know. Um, I've just got a thing about it. I do use the computer for things. I'm not totally illiterate. But, um,
Nurse: Yeah, there's also this website. Um, have you ever heard of my plate?
Patient: I think I did. Yeah. Yeah. My,
Nurse: Yeah, they actually, they have an interactive website where you can like, it's, it's pretty neat. There's a lot of diet stuff on there. A lot of good ideas. Um, and it helps you, it helps you kind of break it down and, you know, eat, eat the right portions of foods from the right food groups to, you know, fuel your body into weight loss. Um, so if you want to get on that website, it's just called my plate. Yeah.
Patient: Ok. I'll, I'll look that
Nurse: Up. I might be able to send you, um, in, in the snail mail. Um, some of the information that they have on their website just in case you have trouble getting, getting on there. Right. Yeah. But do you have anything else going on with you or? I mean, aside from,
Patient: Uh, yeah, I've got, I'm, I'm, uh, I, I had that really, uh, pervasive rash that started in [PHI-Personal]. Um, much. We're in 2023. 2020 2021. 2022. Yeah, [PHI-Personal] 2022. Um, and I think I, I talked to you about that maybe before. Um, and it, the rash has gotten a great deal better. The itching is, mm, slowly getting better. Um, however, it all seems to be like this is not true but it, uh, it seems to be like draining down on my feet. It's all, all this itchiness in my feet and they're dry and cracking and I'm, I'm working on them and I'm making some progress there too. Um, but I've noticed I'm getting the same thing on, on my, um, the one hand it's kind of weird because it, it gets crusty and itchy and it's around the periphery of the, of the hand and the same thing was with the foot, it was around the edge and then, and then right down in the middle also. So, um, yeah, I mean, I'm not asking you, um, the dermatologist has, has explored it and, huh, I did tell Doctor [PHI-Personal] about it. Um, I mean, you know, um, I don't know that there's anything anybody can necessarily do and I'm waiting and I, because I think it's related to my COVID that I had, um, I don't know about the feet but
Nurse: Are you putting that, uh, that triamcinolone ointment on it?
Patient: I, yeah. You know, that's, I did. Yes. And, um, it's funny, um, that I'll put that on a couple days and then it's, um, I think that it is irritating my feet more than when I use it on on my body. It just gets, I have to be careful with that. So I, I, um doctor told me to be real careful to use only a little bit. And so, yeah, I've, it's kind of part of my regimen. Um, and it's kind of use it for a little bit and then back off kind of thing. But, ok,
Nurse: I, and you said the rash is on the rashes on your feet
Patient: That the, it's not a rash on my feet. It's, um, just this inte intense itching and then, um, the skin got thick and then when I, if I, let's say I take my one ft and rub it against my other foot really hard because it itches and I make my skin crack and it's just sort of a vicious cycle, um, trying to find the balance with it. Um, do you
Nurse: Try any over the counter?
Patient: I have a good, I have a good one that's got 40% of that. Whatever that, you know, starts with. No, it's not, but it's, I don't know, it starts with a U and, uh, it's, it's working, but again, now my feet seem to be getting irritated from it. So I'm backing off and, you know, trying to get it. Yeah, I'm trying to find a good balance. Um, because I am, my feet are improving, not so much the itching, but the, the feet themselves are improving. It's just working with the balance and, and reaching the end, the end point with it, you know. Right.
Nurse: So, do you ever sit down and elevate your feet?
Patient: Uh Yeah, I got them up right now. Well,
Nurse: Good, good. Are they above heart level? Nope. Try doing that just a couple times a day to really get that blood pumping? Because that'll help. I'll sleep
Patient: In an automatic bed and zero gravity and my feet are raised up. Um Oh, that's not above heart level either because I put my back up too. So, so you're telling me basically dab my feet above heart level. I'm flat on my back with my feet up. So. All right, I'll add that to my list of things I do.
Nurse: All right, that'll help the blood flow into your feet, help with healing. So they're getting, they're getting extra blood supply whenever you do that, which means extra healing power.
Patient: All right. All right. And when you figure out how, how we can make aging a process of becoming younger, then we'll be all set. We
Nurse: Will, we'll be, we'll be trillionaires probably even more than that. I don't know. Right. All right, dear. Well, um I need to hop off here but um once you get an update from [PHI-Personal] about that medication, let me know and I'll work on it from my end.
Patient: All right. Sounds
Nurse: Good. Alrighty. Thank you dear.
Patient: Have a good day and now I can now take my message off my phone machine that was you guys checking up but it wasn't you
Nurse: Right? Oh yeah yeah yeah. Oh Stacy she was helping me out that day right?
Patient: So this this call is taking care of that. Alright good. Thank you so much for calling. No problem I'm gonna get you a number on my phone so it recognizes you the next time.
Nurse: A good idea I like that. All right. Alright you have a good one. bye bye bye bye.
