Nurse: [PHI-Geographic] Care Management Team.
Patient: Uh This is uh uh ok.
Nurse: Yes, sir. I had just tried to call and I didn't know if it, if voice mail was going to pick up. How are you doing this afternoon? Ok, good. So the reason for my call, uh I'm sorry, my name is [PHI-Personal]. Um and the reason for my call is that um you qualify for a new program that doctor [PHI-Personal] is providing and he thinks that it will be beneficial to you. So he wanted us to reach out to you regarding this program. And so it is called a Care management program and this is where you will have like a care nurse to kind of help coordinate your care. And so basically what it means is that a nurse will just give you a call in between your office visits just to make sure that you're doing ok and that your medical needs are being met. Um She can answer any kind of concerns, she can help with any type of acute issues that you might have going on. She can help with lab and test results, community resources, um medication refills, prescription cost reductions. She can help expedite appointments, referrals. Basically, anything that involves your health, Mister [PHI-Personal], she would just be that added support and she will keep Doctor [PHI-Personal] up to date on all of your current conditions as well as if you were to have any type of changes in your health. And so this program is just designed to try to um improve and promote your overall health and wellbeing. A billable service to Medicare, Medicare Advantage and secondary insurance. So it might be subject to copay, deductible and coinsurance. Looks like you have Medicare and [PHI-Personal] as your supplement. Um So you shouldn't have to um worry about a copay. Um And the nurse can either reach out to you on a monthly basis every couple of months or every three months, whichever will be better for you.
Patient: Ok. Um I'd say probably uh every couple of months
Nurse: Every couple of months. Ok. And will it be better for her to reach you in the mornings or the afternoons, Mister [PHI-Personal]?
Patient: Um I used to be my first name is [PHI-Personal] and my last name is so, uh and I'm not used to be calling Mr Dentist, but that's nothing to worry about. Um, the uh um, anyhow, uh that middle one sounds like a good plan the, every two months.
Nurse: Yes, sir. Ok. And you will it be better for her to reach you like mornings, early afternoon, late afternoon, any preference?
Patient: Oh, well, certainly mid morning would be probably
Nurse: Best mid morning. Ok. All right. And I will mail you out a letter and it'll have the nurses information on it and she'll touch base with you within the next few days to a week and she'll give you more information and more details about the call she will be doing, you know, every two months when she call and check in with you. Do you still get your mail from the [PHI-Account] [PHI-Geographic] [PHI-Account]? Yes. Ok. All right. Well, thank you so much for your time and for calling me back. You enjoy the rest of your day. Thank
Patient: You for your help. I appreciate it very much. You do as well. Have a great evening.
Nurse: Thank you. Yes, sir. Bye bye.
