Nurse: Hello.
Patient: [PHI-Personal]
Nurse: [PHI-Personal] manager. Oh, yeah, I just got a call from this number. Um,
Patient: Hi, how are you? Yes, I did call. I just wanted to, um, check up on how you're doing. I saw that, um, um, and the, er, that you had, uh, some UT I symptoms and you got an antibiotic ordered. How is that, is that resolved?
Nurse: Um, wait, I had an antibiotic ordered because I'm getting a colonoscopy and I had an antibiotic. Uh, yeah. And I, I also had one ordered because I'm getting some dental work done and she likes me to, I don't know why I think I've had infections or something. So she had, that's what it's for the dentist. She has me doing. Yeah, that's what it is. And then I just went to the center where I had the colonoscopy because they wanted me to have one. again because I had to have a surgery last year on the, um, the, whatever that thing was that was growing, I don't even know what they are. You have that or something. Yeah. Yeah. They had to take out a suspicious polyp and then I had asked before because I'm on the, um, antacid pill phetamine for, um, a long time. Um, I had asked them, I had one before an endoscopy or something like that about [PHI-Personal] years ago when they found out and I haven't had one since. So I did just go over and fill the paperwork out over there and said, you know, maybe I should have that again along with the colonoscopy that they ordered. Um, they ordered anyway, just because I had the polyp in the hospital last year. Ok. Ok. Yeah, I had it at [PHI-Geographic] but it was like, yeah, I went at six in the morning and I was out by that afternoon. Ok.
Patient: All right. So, yeah, I was just asking because I see a message, uh, like, um, from the medical assistant in the office that you had called, asking for an antibiotic for, uh, oh,
Nurse: That was for the dentist that, no, no, I haven't. I
Patient: Was like, well, ok, so they just, they just, I don't know why they wrote UT I. Ok. So that was just for,
Nurse: I, I did have one about a month or two ago. I seem like I get it once a year now. I mean, I'm [PHI-Personal] and [PHI-Personal] said it's pretty normal but I had one a while ago. But no, this one before, when I go to the dentist, she has me take, um, an antibiotic beforehand.
Patient: Ok. I was just, I was like, oh, ok. I, cause you, you were telling me. No, no, I'm fine. Ok. So I just wanted to make sure that they, I don't know why they wrote that then, but you do get them pretty often. At least like
Nurse: Once a year. I do get the UTIs. I've had them several times. Um, and I think the last time was like last week while I was away and [PHI-Personal] just send me something. Is that the Cipro or something? And I, yeah, and I'm fine now I, I'm fine for that and I got, yeah, I got something today for, for the dentist. That's amoxicillin. Ok. Yeah. So I have that, but that was for the dentist. Ok. I'm trying to keep, I'm trying to keep up with everything. It's [PHI-Personal] and I like a lot of, a
Patient: Lot of things going
Nurse: On. Yeah. Yeah, I'm trying to keep up with it all between me and my husband and he doesn't keep up with anything so I'll have to do it. But, uh, ok. But thank you so much for calling.
Patient: Ok. I just wanted to just make sure, you know, just keep in mind that if you, um, because I mean, you just finished an antibiotic and then you're about to start another one. It's a lot of antibiotic use. So just, um, look out for some, um, there is, you know, a complication with a lot of antibiotic use, which is like, uh, I don't know, if you're familiar with
Nurse: That. No. You know, I didn't. But, yeah, I will keep an eye on that. But I have a question when I've been, I'm going to [PHI-Personal] in three weeks for, you know, for a couple of weeks and when I went through, um, customs yesterday downtown to get my husband's passport renewed, it beeped. And I said, they said, did you have any surgeries? I said, yeah, I just had a hip replacement and they said, oh, well, that, yeah, that's gonna happen. Um, and maybe you should get a letter. So, should I get it from some, for when I go to [PHI-Personal]? They said it's probably gonna beep. Who do I get a letter from?
Patient: Who's, do you know who did the surgeon, the surgery or
Nurse: Anything like that? I think it was, it's right up there next to the CV S on [PHI-Geographic]. Should I call them and ask them, call them to ask
Patient: Them? But I would, I wouldn't see why the primary [PHI-Personal], like doctor [PHI-Personal] should be able to give you a letter or sometimes they give people like a card or something like that that says it, it says that they have, um, yeah, so just so I would, I would reach out to them first just to make sure if they may, maybe they already have like pre made cards or something available to give to patients. So that might be a little, yeah,
Nurse: Because I I don't wanna get kicked out and I, you wouldn't, you wouldn't get
Patient: Kicked out, you wouldn't get
Nurse: Kicked out because it's beeping. It, it would be beefing when I get through customs. So, yeah, it would,
Patient: It, yeah, it would be better just if you have that. So I would, I would call the office and see if they have anything available for when you go to travel. Um, yeah, and just keep in mind for the, for the, um, you know, just, I just wanted to just review just in case, you know, the, um, that to look up usually that a, is just diarrhea and belly pain with some fever. Um, so those are some, just keep an eye out just because that is a complication of like, um, using a lot of antibiotics and I'm just, you know, I don't want you to have any, um, any complications from that. Ok.
Nurse: Right. Right. Yeah. Thank you for that. Ok. Well, I'll go call the other doctor and tell them they have to. No. Oh, I have to call doctor that did it. Right. Uh,
Patient: Just, just, um, just if you could call the office and just make, just ask if they have a card or anything like that that you can use if for traveling, you know, it was it like the replacement was, um, Titanium or, you know, what kind of, what kind of replace? I
Nurse: Think they did. I think they did say that and, and my doctors right at the [PHI-Geographic] tab, you know, [PHI-Geographic] tab. So, um, uh, that, that's who it is. So I should just go down there and tell him to write something or give me something or
Patient: Just, yeah, call, I would call first before you go just to see if they do have it, if, if, um, you know, if it's necessary if you go traveling and if they have something already, like a card or anything like that already pre made.
Nurse: Oh ok. Well I'm going to physical therapy anyway three times a week right now there. Yeah so I
Patient: All right I just didn't want you to go out of your way to go in case you know, in case they don't have you know just to give them a heads up before you go down um so you have to wait too long you know.
Nurse: Yeah I know it's the same building but thank you so much I appreciate it. No problem I be careful. Ok. Alright.
Patient: Ok have a
Nurse: Nice day. Ok bye.
