Nurse: This is [PHI-Personal]. Yeah, I got [PHI-Personal] boy, I've been getting everybody else. Welcome back. You had a vacation time that you, uh, been real busy. But anyway, I have a question. Uh, I did go to emergency on Monday. I don't know if you had a chance to. So I look at all the stuff that I've done and, um, they want me to make an appointment to see whoever is available to follow up on that, uh, visit from, uh, Saint [PHI-Personal]. So they say doctor will not be back to [PHI-Personal], but I was under the impression he had nothing to anybody else until [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal] and I did make an appointment for [PHI-Personal] 11th. Is there anything sooner?
Patient: Let's see,
Nurse: The doctor that's standing in for her is Doctor [PHI-Personal] who I was hoping I would get anyway, but is he available?
Patient: I'm checking to see now. Just a second. Were you, um, how long did you study? Was it just, uh, in and Out Visa? Did, were they,
Nurse: Were you admitted at? Uh, no, I was there, uh, all day. Uh, but, uh, they didn't, they discharged me? They did a lot of tests they did ultrasound to see if I had blood clots. Uh, they did blood work. Um, my pressure was up though while I was in there. Mhm. But, uh, they just discharged. The only thing I can see on my chart, she recommended a commode. But she talked to us and she said we, we need to see a vascular surgeon. Excuse me. They did give me, uh, some, um, compression stockings but they were too small. I couldn't wear them. They didn't have any, any big enough for me. But in the meantime, but the doctor [PHI-Personal] that was taking care of the uh ulcers on my leg. He has secured me home health care. But that, when did that start? It came yesterday. But that created a problem with the, the, with the uh group that was doing the physical therapy. Oh, goodness. If you can't have another company coming in for one thing and another company coming in for something else in the home, it has to be the same company. So when the man that when, when the man that does the physical therapy tried to get orders and um approvals from the podiatrist, she said that wasn't the expertise. She said I would have to go back to my primary.
Patient: So you have to go back to the primary just to get an extension
Nurse: Because the, you would have to, you'd have to choose the company that's doing the wound care or either I have to wait until they finish with the wound care and then go back to the company with the physical therapy was working with. But see, he worked with both and he thought he could just switch over. Yeah, you would think
Patient: That because there's a different issue going on that you, it shouldn't be a
Nurse: Problem. What is the protocol? I don't know, make a big thing. I think maybe people have been getting double coverage and that's why they, they, they make you sign all these documents that with whoever's doing, whoever is working with you right now in your home, you will not accept everybody else. They're very, very, very uh emphatic about that. In fact, I didn't like that. I thought I was signing myself over to them, but I have to discharge the group that doctor recommended because they had me do the and the wound to me was more eminent in the physical therapy. So
Patient: You, you, you stopped the physical therapy for right now just so you can get the um your
Nurse: Wound. He was ready to come, he was ready to come back. But I said um but he, he has found out that he can't because his company is not the one that was ordered for the wound. Doctor didn't order them for wound. They, she only ordered them for physical therapy and, and occupational therapy. She didn't order them for wound because she never seen my leg. My legs were like this when I left this, this all developed since I've seen her back in [PHI-Personal]. I,
Patient: Did they give you any, was it infected? Did they give you any antibiotic?
Nurse: Well, doctor has done all that. I was on 10 days of Cephalexin three times a day and she gave me this other, I don't know how you pronounce it. Sin. How do you have that? Mupirocin? Mupirocin? I never get it. Right. Yes. That's what she's giving me. However, that does not heal. That just keeps that infection. And the other one that she ordered was Santyl and I just spoke to, to [PHI-Personal] and, uh, that $[PHI-Account] prescription. So that's out the, uh, you, you're familiar with that Santyl for, for whatever it's used for. What's that? It's some kind of that you put on si, don't know, maybe cancer or whatever. I don't know. But my insurance want a big, big, big, big deductible and there's no way I could touch that. Yeah.
Patient: Well, did they do anything about your pain, your leg pain?
Nurse: No, cause they realize that I have the [PHI-Personal] stage kidney failure and I just have to deal with the pain. They're still hurting, but I'm, I'm dealing with it. I'm dealing with it. I was concerned about getting help with the dressings because I didn't feel I was capable with. But they kept, they kept draining and have they started,
Patient: Have, have the, have they started, um, coming out to help you with the dresses yet or?
Nurse: Yes. Yes. She was here yesterday. She said she will only come like, 2 to 3 times a week. But, um, the thing is as long as the, the legs keep swelling, I'm gonna get more openings where the, where the skin is thin, it just opens up. It starts out with a little blister. And then the next thing, you know, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a sore and then it starts to drain and I can't understand why it's so painful, but it is, it is painful. But I, I, um, I'm dealing with it. I, and you know what else happened? The boots that I had, I had the compression boots. That was so helpful. I broke the pump, I dropped the thing on the floor and the pump stopped working so the boots won't work. So we had to send the pump back. I'm waiting for the thing to come back. So my legs are still swollen. I'm taking the, I'm taking the water pills, but that's not going to do it. It's venous insufficiency. That's why the lady at, uh, Saint [PHI-Personal], I needed to see a vascular surgeon. So I don't, I, I need an appointment with her. So I wanted to know. Is there any in the area? Do I have to go out to, to [PHI-Geographic] [PHI-Geographic]? I'm pretty sure they got. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah, I'm just gonna, um, try to see who has an appointment. Uh, what I do, I have it pulled up now and then at that follow up visit you just mentioned to the prior to the provider. Hey, I need a, I need a referral to a vascular surgeon. Then we can go from there.
Nurse: Where would I get that from? From doctor? Uh,
Patient: You can get it from her or you can get it from whoever we schedule you with today. If I have the, uh, I finally have the schedule, pull it up. [PHI-Personal]. Well, I think that's too early cause you will not make those appointments. He has an appointment today at 10 2010 [PHI-Geographic]. 0, no, I, yeah, that's too soon.
Nurse: In fact, I had to cancel my appointment with the cardiologist because the ultrasound wasn't available until [PHI-Personal]. I have, I haven't rescheduled with her yet. We could not get them. They just would not pick up. And then finally somebody called me and gave me an appointment for [PHI-Personal]. So I have to, I have to change the appointment from, from the [PHI-Personal] to whatever she's available. Something else that happened while you were gone. One of your associates got me an appointment with doctor is a cancellation on Tuesday the [PHI-Personal] and we were there at the office at 20 minutes after eight and doctor called in 60 goodness.
Patient: I think, I, I think I remember you telling me that, that you got an appointment. But you made it a little late and then they,
Nurse: I was there. No, we were early. She, oh, ok. Her appoint, her appointment was for me. First was nine o'clock, then they made it to 8 45. We were in the office there at, at 20 minutes after eight and they called us up to the desk because doctor Kin called in at 8 30 at my house. But I was on route to tell me that she was sick. She couldn't come. So I see on my, my chart they canceled it my appointment. I didn't cancel it. Mm. Looks like I canceled the appointment. I didn't cancel that appointment. I was there. Ok. So a lot has happened since then I spoke to one of your other authorities. I think her name was. Oh [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal], they wanted me to go to emergency immediately last Tuesday. Mhm. But they called me late in the day and I, I just felt that it wasn't gonna make any sense for me to go in there and just sit and sit and sit. But I did go this past Monday and um the only thing is that you need to get me to physical therapy back and I don't know how that's gonna happen because I don't know how it works. You can just
Patient: Ask uh to get the physical therapy back. You can just um send a message or I can send a message to doctor doctor and that way she can go ahead and send in a new request.
Nurse: Ok? Because the company that yes, the company that he works with is [PHI-Personal] Home Health Care. And the one that she originally had him, him, him uh hired from was heartbeat, but he works for both. Fortunately, I can still keep him, but he doesn't have the authority to change over to on my behalf without doctor [PHI-Personal] uh uh without the referral. Mhm.
Patient: Today, what day do you, um, want to do your, your visit? Because the only person who has to open it today is Doctor [PHI-Personal]. And, uh, we know you can't make it today. Where is he?
Nurse: What's that? Where is he?
Patient: He's in ood location, but the appointment is for 10 [PHI-Geographic] because you, the other one was 10. 0,
Nurse: We missed the date, not date. Probably not until after I get the, the, the, the ultrasound. I don't know what else to say because I spent the whole day in Saint [PHI-Personal] and, um, I would have to get somebody to bring me in there because, um, my daughter is, is, is going to my granddaughter's graduation in [PHI-Geographic]. So she's gonna be going until Tuesday. She's not available. She hasn't flown out yet but her flight is today. That's why we try to get, that's why we try to get everything done on Monday. She sat there with me all day at Saint [PHI-Personal]. We didn't get out of here until seven o'clock. Ok, man.
Patient: So the locations that are near [PHI-Geographic] is [PHI-Geographic] Poms in [PHI-Geographic] with [PHI-Geographic] Poms. The open, the next opening is [PHI-Personal] and [PHI-Personal]. Um
Nurse: [PHI-Personal] in [PHI-Personal]. Trying to see here June, June, [PHI-Personal]. What day is [PHI-Personal]? Is that a Friday?
Patient: Tuesday? It, it a Tuesday. That's
Nurse: The worst day ever. We only have Tuesdays available. Is that it? Because that's the day that I had to go see her when I went to her on the [PHI-Personal]. That's the best day for them.
Patient: Uh, it is not a good day. Um, still again, I can, let's see if there's any other dates.
Nurse: Well, obviously it's nothing really good until she gets back in [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Do you, um, are you familiar with family care? [PHI-Personal] on [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Geographic]?
Nurse: No, I only have, I have the US F into your group. I always went to US f my doctor. There was one of the, one of the re regular teachers there and that, that's what I've had ever since I moved to, to [PHI-Geographic] and then I switched over to doctor. Uh, um, I haven't ever had anybody else. I've only gone to US f, I didn't travel around to all the other, you know, uh, offices and it's a, it's a hardship for me to do that and they rarely
Patient: Have any. All of them are stretched out too. Well, I do have a Ve in Rico. [PHI-Personal],
Nurse: Our [PHI-Personal]. No, we can't, we can't handle all that. My daughters taken off for work to take me. So the, the, the one that available, I mean, I'm getting care, they're taking care of my wound. This is just to satisfy the, the referral to the physical therapist and for you want to document my leg because obviously it's not accepted what Saint Joe said.
Patient: Yeah, they always suggest that you do um a hospital follow up.
Nurse: Yes. Yes, that's what my daughter said. You still got to see your primary mom. Well, let me just say something else. [PHI-Personal] I got a bill yesterday for your care. Mhm. And I didn't know I was gonna be charged. Oh yes.
Patient: It it's a bill of service.
Nurse: Ok. I'm probably gonna have to let it go because [PHI-Personal] didn't approve it. Really. No, they did not approve it. One of the drug comes with the $1700 and it says [PHI-Personal] did not approve and I may be billed. And I said, ok, if I'm gonna be billed, that's gonna be the last bill I have because I cannot afford that. I, I had no idea that it was so costly.
Patient: Oh goodness. Just let me know if you do want to discontinue the service.
Nurse: Well, I if if, if it's gonna be big like that and they're gonna charge me. Mhm. I'm gonna have a bill. I probably, probably paying my premiums. Now, I got, it was for the month of [PHI-Personal] and [PHI-Personal] just those two months came in $1700. 0, goodness. Yeah, I said, well, you said I could still keep the, uh, the BP cuff, but if you want it back I could send it back.
Patient: Well, with the BP cuff you can keep the cuff. But I think they only want a certain piece of it. Um, you have
Nurse: To do the nurse visit. Mhm. You want the antenna? You
Patient: Have to do a nurse visit and they check your BP and you turn it in there.
Nurse: Well, all I know is I had no idea. [PHI-Personal] wouldn't cover this. Yeah, I
Patient: Thought they would. Did
Nurse: They look at it a, a big, big, big bill for two months. If it's gonna be that every month by the end of the year, I will be in debt for you until, until I die. Oh, goodness, that's a lot. I don't, I don't have, I don't have that kind of funds. I wish I did. But I don't, I'm trying to, I don't, I don't even have the bill with me. I'm in the bathroom as usual because that was one thing that the, that the P A offered ordered at the, uh Saint Jo for me with me. A commode. You see that on my, my chart?
Patient: I don't, I have, I'm trying to look up to, um, to see if I can find some of some providers to see you but nothing is popping up.
Nurse: Ok. What do you see in there for a vascular surgeon? Because I think that I need to see a vascular surgeon before I even get back to doctor cur and I have to leave that physical therapy up to the guy to do his own leg work. Ok.
Patient: Did you want to not you wanna keep your appointment, upcoming appointment or?
Nurse: Well about it? [PHI-Personal] the 11th. So I got, I got to, to, to get to a vascular surgeon that's next on the list because they said I have venous insufficiency and they ruled out blood clot, they ruled out something with the kidney and something else they said could be, but they needed me to see uh the vascular surgeon and to get the um, kidney ultrasound because no, no one knows why the legs are swelling like this. I'm on the diuretics and that's not the key.
Patient: Ok. Do you wanna do a telemedicine visit as your follow up?
Nurse: No, I just wanna see a vascular surgeon. Yeah. The, and the, uh, uh, if I were to see anybody, I would like to see doctor [PHI-Personal]. If doctor uh, uh, cur isn't available, I really don't wanna go anywhere else. Ok.
Patient: And I don't see anything, I don't see anything from any other hospital. Let me check it in another area.
Nurse: The doctor is in your office. He's a back up. When is, when is his next availability? What, what does he have anything? Ok. Give me just a
Patient: Second when you ask about the um, vascular surgeon referral.
Nurse: Yeah, I need two. Yeah, I need two. I mean, I didn't want to make a big deal with coming to the physic to, to doctor [PHI-Personal], but it seems it's a requirement, but I think she will understand better once I get to the vascular surgeon because that's the big problem with my legs.
Patient: I don't uh what she sent. Uh It doesn't have what he um recommended, the recommended a vascular surgeon.
Nurse: I know I told my daughter said, why didn't they put it in the records when they told us to find one? I couldn't find it in my chart either. But that
Patient: Paperwork. See, I do see that you did. You did, but I don't see the referral. Now let me go back and see.
Nurse: They didn't give us one because I couldn't find it either. So it's not in the paperwork from Saint [PHI-Personal]. The only thing she recommended was the commode, bedside commode.
Patient: So you do want to see if we can book with doctor [PHI-Personal]. Let's see what he has.
Nurse: I believe I could get an appointment with um with the vascular surgeon if I call my insurance company, but they may still need a, a referral. There's some doctors you can see as a senior, but there's others they still need a referral.
Patient: Yeah, with, um, you could call the insurance and let them know. Hey, I wanna, um, what vascular surgeons are in network with you?
Nurse: I'm gonna do that. Yeah. Yeah, that's next.
Patient: So, let's see if we have any luck with doctor [PHI-Personal]. So his next opening is [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. What? [PHI-Personal]
Patient: [PHI-Personal]? Well, what, what, what time, what time are you thinking?
Nurse: [PHI-Personal] 6th? What, seven o'clock in the
Patient: Morning? Yeah. [PHI-Account] and a 4:30 p.m. And then on the [PHI-Personal]. Yeah, [PHI-Personal] 7th,
Nurse: That's the
Patient: Wednesday. The [PHI-Personal] 6th is the Wednesday.
Nurse: Ok, that's not a bad day in [PHI-Personal]
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. He has [PHI-Account] and [PHI-Account].
Nurse: Hm. I was hoping he had something sooner than doctor curing. No, I don't wanna skip over her and go to him. I will wait, I will wait. Ok. He's my preference at this point though because I think I'm gonna lose you because I can't afford you guys and just
Patient: Let him know that does happen if you do make that decision.
Nurse: Oh, I made a decision if, if, if like the, uh, I'm just waiting, how much pressure they're gonna put on me because they said I may be liable for that. Mhm. And because I don't, I don't know, I think it's up to, to your group. What, whether you will change that amount or not. I do see that
Patient: You, uh, you've been checking your BP and the last few readings were elevated a little bit. Well, oh, the 30th it was 1 53 and then on the 29th it was 1 87. 0,
Nurse: Yeah, I was at that, I was, I was at the, uh, uh, uh, uh, emergency it goes up and I, and I was trying to be calm. Mhm. In deep breaths. And they said, oh, it's one something 87/1 04 or something.
Patient: And it was probably just the hustle and bust of you moving around and walking
Nurse: And you know, I get excited. I get excited. I don't even, I don't even know it. And I, and I um, I don't know what to say. The medicine won't work when, when because I took it this morning and um, I unplugged the, the, the uh antenna because I thought they, if they're billing me for this for the month of June, let me just wait and see what's gonna happen with the bill for, for, for [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal] and [PHI-Personal] because if I'm bill for that, uh [PHI-Personal], that's a hardship. That's a real hard and I had no idea. [PHI-Personal] wouldn't cover it. I know you told me that my insurance would cover it, but my insurance will not cover if [PHI-Personal] doesn't approve. Oh,
Patient: Goodness. So do you want to just, that's the option where you can be downgraded and then instead of me giving you a call monthly you can just give me a call when you need help with anything.
Nurse: I've been doing that anyway. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah. So that's an option. Or you can actually, um, you can discontinue with the, um, the BP program. They can help, you can discontinue with both the BP and the one I help
Nurse: You with. Yes. If the, if, if the whole process is that costly, I'm not eligible for it because I don't have funds. So if [PHI-Personal] covered I'd be fine, but it appears [PHI-Personal] doesn't like what you will charge. So. Mhm. They're refusing to pay now it's back in your court because the notices on you that they didn't approve. So I don't know if you were aware of that or maybe it takes some time before it gets back to, to the billing desk, but you're not gonna, you haven't been paid for that and, and, um, I just got the, the paperwork yesterday, the statement and I thought, ok, this is far, far, far more and I bought before. Yes, I mean, I don't, I can see $100 but when it goes up to 2000 for just three months. Oh, no, you, I, I think it's gonna take me forever to pay that. I, I'm trying to buy food. Yes, ma'am.
Patient: I do. You want me to go ahead and dis enroll you from both programs or you wanna wait until the end of the month? I
Nurse: Wanna wait and see, maybe you guys could change that fee. Is that a, is that, is that a set fee? Uh,
Patient: I'm not sure, I'm not sure about the billing. I can, uh, put in a request for you to receive a call that way you can get more information on it because honestly, I'm not sure. I don't even know how much they charge for the services.
Nurse: You, they probably put my in and I did too. I thought my insurance was better than it was, but evidently it's not as good as I thought because [PHI-Personal] said we don't approve of that amount. So I could be,
Patient: Um, sending a request and that way they can give you a call and to help explain the billing and what was charged for what? Because I, I'm not sure, I just, I just make the calls. I'm not sure how much is being paid
Nurse: For, but if I'm liable for that it's the care that I've gotten in the past. That's, that's real bad. Yeah, that's real bad. I can see that going to collection because I do II, I don't, I don't have anything left for my pension sometimes. I don't, I just, it's not enough there. I understand. I'm from month to month and when I saw I said, are they kidding? That's for that, for that monitor thing. They could take that thing back. Oh, goodness. But I wouldn't have accepted it. I wouldn't have gone through all that trouble if I thought I was gonna be billed. They, you didn't either?
Patient: No, no, no, no. So I'm sorry this is happening but I would definitely let them know to reach out to
Nurse: You. Yes, a lot. And I just got the paperwork yesterday. It's something else they refuse with another doctor. So I don't understand why I never had this before. My my premium is, is 300 and, and $[PHI-Personal] a month without insurance. I don't, I don't have a cheap insurance. Yeah,
Patient: I re, I remember you telling me that.
Nurse: Yeah, that's expensive for, for a senior. Do
Patient: You need any refills on any of your medications right now?
Nurse: Uh, no, I, um, yeah, I think I do, I think, but I think that's to the, um, you know, the Doctor [PHI-Personal], she, she, she, uh, she backed me up against the wall. She wouldn't change, she wouldn't change that, that, uh, that medicine and that's far more expensive than the one I had. And
Patient: So it's gonna
Nurse: Need, I'm, I'm gonna have, well, no, I still have some but I, uh, I just, I'm being stretched, I'm being stretched and it's a good thing that the, the medicine hasn't harmed me. I haven't gotten sick from it. I, I thought I would get worse off because I've been on it before. That been a car made me used to always keep me with, with the sore throat. So I haven't gotten that bad. I'm taking other stuff to combat it. But, uh, she, she, she blocked the, um, the [PHI-Personal], he lost it and I didn't wanna go up against her. And so whatever doctor said I had to be stuck with it and that I change doctors and that, that's gonna be probably something I'm gonna have to do because I only have so much income. Mhm. And I can't buy the, uh, name brand and the [PHI-Personal] tier. Yeah, they're expensive. Yeah, that's just to pay for the, for the premiums. My, my premium with [PHI-Personal] went up from $21 last year to 36 50 this year. And then they denied me coverage with, with another medicine for the ulcers. They, they refused that. I just got a call today that they won't pay that because the deductible on that is $700. I, that's like a million.
Patient: Well, how about this month? We tried where, see how you call me today and I could just reach out
Nurse: To you. Yeah. II, I, I'm up in June and II I that I don't put myself out there now. Ok, I still the, the, the, the, the team care. Yeah, probably $500. Who knows? So,
Patient: I guess maybe that, that they're billing by the frequency of the calls they could account as well. So, um, after today's call, either you wait until I reach out to you in a week or two because I normally try to call you at least once a week, especially since you're having the issues with your leg. And it won't, I try to reach out at least once a week. Otherwise I call you once a month.
Nurse: But doctor has not helped me with my leg at all. I tried to get to see her. She has not helped. The only one helping me is Doctor [PHI-Personal], the podiatrist. If I didn't have her, I would be, I don't know, as far as the, the treatment on the leg hasn't got anything. So see her [PHI-Personal] 3rd go to emergency emergency tells me to go back to see my primary. So just there's still no care being given. Yeah, I, I have to call my, my uh podiatrist again today because the medicine that she ordered, they don't, my insurance don't wanna pay for it. So I need something else. Yeah. Ok. Very frustrating. Uh, it's so unfair. It's so unfair.
Patient: I, I do understand it's like a never ending cycle. You trying to, yeah, someone, someone to actually help.
Nurse: Uh huh. And then this thing that you, because you told me that I would not be charged for the, for the [PHI-Geographic] Care Group. Mm. You didn't think I was gonna get that bigger bill. You said your insurance will cover it. We thought they were
Patient: Are, will you be home today all day today?
Nurse: I don't go anywhere unless I go to a doctor I'm here. So, let me go ahead and, um, in today Thursday I've been out since, since Monday. In fact, I'm gonna lay down. Mhm. I, I don't go anywhere because my incontinence is very bad. I have to wear so many pads. I wear rubber pants these days because I don't want it to, to ruin my clothes. But I don't go out anymore. I don't go out anymore. But I, I, uh, going on the recommendation of doctor a curb in, stand in doctor, he said to me to make an appointment. Mhm. And as you said, that's what the procedure is when you've gone to emergency. But you got my record to see what's going on. If anything further happens as far as my leg, I've gotta go back to emergency. Yeah,
Patient: Because doctor doctor, she's not in and she really doesn't know what's going on because she haven't seen it. Doctor is trying to help. But then what
Nurse: She can do she has done all the help. I mean, I about blood clot because I was having all this pain in my thigh that ruled out the blood clot. So that believe me in some way. So it, it's not a blood clot. You have venous insufficiency, you probably gonna get more openings, you're probably gonna get more draining and there's somebody coming in twice a week to change my, I think that's pretty good. But that's, but that's not gonna help the people get some medicine for. We don't, we don't have the medicine, the, how you say it, that's only to prevent infection. It does not cause the wound. She said the one on the front of my right leg may need a graft because it's not closing up.
Patient: Oh, goodness. So hopefully we will, it won't get to that point and we can cross that bridge. See, did
Nurse: I tell you something else? Doctor is on a cruise? Ok. Mm goodness he's on vacation for two weeks. He's on a cruise.
Patient: No. Yes, definitely go to urgent care. I go to er, if it does until I get better
Nurse: I will, I will,
Patient: I will eat it. So let me get
Nurse: This phone conversation is $[PHI-Account]. Oh yes, ma'am.
Patient: Enjoy your day. Ok.
Nurse: Alright bye. Yeah.
