Nurse: This is speaking, how may I help you?
Patient: This is calling back. Oh,
Nurse: Hi [PHI-Personal]. Um hold on one second. Let me just pull up your chart real quick. OK. All right. So I was just giving you a call back. Um Yes, I sent over the message to the doctor after we spoke about how you know you were saying that you were um having that more cramping in your arms and legs and everything. Um So she said, so she suggested that she wants you to try the, the Co Q 10 supplement take it with your atorvastatin because usually when people take atorvastatin, they take that as well cause it helps with those side effects. So she wanted you to try that. Um So she said try the Coq 10 with the atorvastatin to see if it helps. Um it's a supplement. She's gonna call it into the pharmacy for you and then you can just pick it up. So it's just like a yeah, it's a supplement that people usually take with the atorvastatin because it helps with um the absorption of it and any side effects that they usually have with it and it people say it usually helps. So she wants you to try that to see if it helps. Um. Ok. Yeah, with what your, what you're having, she's gonna call it, she call it into the pharmacy for you whenever it's ready. They'll let you know. Um, and then she said she'll discuss in two weeks if you're still having the symptoms and then she said if you are still having the symptoms that she's gonna recommend that you stop the atorvastatin for two weeks and then if your symptoms improve, she's gonna take you off the atorvastatin and then put you on Crestor. Ok. Ok. So first we're gonna start with the co Q 10. She's gonna, you're gonna try that for two weeks with your atorvastatin and then they're gonna reassess and see how you feel and then she'll go from there if she has to change anything. Ok. Ok. Ok.
Patient: So just call me, did you say anything to her about my getting dizzy?
Nurse: Yeah, I put that, I'll let her know about that too. So uh let me see. Yeah, she said feeling more cramping. Ok. Are you, have you, have you still been having um um issues with dizziness and everything or is it more? Ok. So I know that she was saying to make sure that when you change positions and everything like that, that when you sit up, um you just sit there for a minute to,
Patient: You know, get two in the morning because it's really bad in the morning.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. So she's aware of that too. So, um, in two weeks whenever you, you know, talk to her and I wanna find out I
Patient: Have an appointment on the [PHI-Personal] of [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. So it was um, yeah, so she said that, make sure that, you know, you bring that up too because that's one of the um, the subject that you guys are gonna talk about as well. So just make sure that you remind her about that and let her know how you're feeling and make sure you just tell her all your symptoms and everything and then also gonna let her know how you're feeling after you've been taking this supplement with the atorvastatin. Oh, ok. Ok. Um thank you. You're welcome. Um, did you have any other questions or concerns about anything? Um,
Patient: Not right now I can't think of anything.
Nurse: Ok, so they should be giving you a call um to let you know, I know she called it in so it's probably gonna, this was like not too long ago, so. Oh, ok. Yeah. So just give it a little while and see if they give you a call.
Patient: They usually call me. I have my uh have it delivered. Oh, ok. They usually call me what's today Monday? Probably today or tomorrow. They, they, the lab that whatever it is usually calls me.
Nurse: Ok. Ok.
Patient: When they're gonna send it out or they ask for my card number.
Nurse: Ok. Alrighty. Ok, so if you don't get it, just make sure you just give me a call, let me know and we'll give them a call back and see you know what the delay is and. All right, so if you I'll check back in um with you, you know to see how things are going and everything and if you have any questions or concerns just feel free to reach out to me. Ok? Ok, thank you. You're welcome. Have a good day. You too. Bye. Thanks. Bye.
