Nurse: [PHI-Geographic]. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal] calling back. My telephone doesn't ring only a few times and then it switches you to, uh, leave a message thing. Uh, I didn't get there in time. I was in the dish water. Oh, that's ok.
Nurse: Ok. Um, so I received your message and, and then let's see here. So
Patient: I called to, to tell you that I got the, um, uh, fourth, uh, booster shot or the fourth shot, uh, yesterday. Ok. You could put that on my records. Yeah, of course. And then I also called because, um, I get, uh, I got a letter from the Rite Aid Pharmacy and, uh, they said I should, uh, look into getting a, uh, pneumococcal pneumonia shot. I don't know the, what the difference between a regular pneumonia shot. And that is. And do I need it? I'm kind of getting tired to shut.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. Ok. So, let's see here. Um, oh, gosh. Um, yeah. Ok. So I, I, um, I looked back at your vaccines and so you had your pneumococcal back in [PHI-Personal]. And, um, I, I don't think you need an, uh, I don't think you need another one. because you had, let's see. So you had the one there, I'm not sure which ones. So one of the pneumococcal vaccines is a, a two dose. So you get one and you come back six months later, but it looks like you got the one that's just a single dose. So I'm not sure if you need um a follow up for that, but I will definitely ask Doctor [PHI-Personal] if that's something that you need. Um, which we can always, um, we can always do that at your next appointment, which is in [PHI-Personal], you know, so you don't need it right away. Um, especially since you just got your fourth booster.
Patient: Yeah, it's, I had a rough day. Yeah.
Nurse: Oh,
Patient: I don't recall that it hurt that much before it was like that shingles, uh, shot that I got not too long ago. I don't recall the first dose being that bad, but the second dose was a killer.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. So a lot of shoulder pain, um, any, like cold or flu like symptoms.
Patient: Yeah. I, I felt sick all over from it and that, normally I can, you know, I have a sore shoulder for a while or arm and for a few days and that's it. I never had such a reaction from anything I, that shingles shot. Mhm. Ok. But anyway, I've, I, I had shingles twice actually, but he thought I should get the shot and then I got the shot and he said that's not enough. You have to have two of them. Right? Is,
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, it's a, a lot of these vaccines are, um, a series. So you get one and then you come back, you know, a month later, three months later, six months later, you know, um, just to be sure that it's, that, you know, it's working and, you know, it really boosts your immune system. Um, so let's see here. So, your next appointment is [PHI-Personal]
Patient: And I can talk to him about the, the pneumonia thing then. Yeah. Yeah. And I don't, uh, I don't know if this is something left on my telephone but I think I deleted it so many times but I keep getting, uh, ah, a thing that tells me to call the doctor's office and I was there early in [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Yes. And so that's what I was going to talk to you about. So, um, your appointment in [PHI-Personal]. That was [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal] Doctor [PHI-Personal]. Um, uh, he reduced your levothyroxine to 50 micrograms a day. So, just the one tablet a day. And then he ordered blood work and it looks like you had blood work done, but they didn't do your thyroid panel. So they did like your cholesterol and everything. And I don't know if, um, it just was added late or what? Exactly.
Patient: But, uh, so this is a recent call and maybe they want me to come in again. Yeah. Oh. Every time I come, I have to pay $20 for transportation from the board here. So, um, perhaps they could just fix, uh, what they want to the nurses station here at the, the woods.
Nurse: Yeah. And
Patient: I can have there. Yeah, I had the other stuff done there and that way, uh, somebody comes to your room early in the morning. I hope you hope that they come early in the morning. Oh, yeah. If, if I wonder if that's what they want me to call about.
Nurse: Yes. Yes. So what I will do is I will just let them know that we talked about it. Um, and not. Ok.
Patient: Oh, he lowered my um, dosage of uh Synthroid from 75 to 50 because I have low salt and I add salt to everything. So he thought maybe this would help. And um, I don't know, is that so dangerous to have low salt?
Nurse: It can be. So your sodium or low salt, um, sodium is an electrolyte that helps with our heart, you know, so there's energy or electricity in our heart every time it pumps. And if your heart doesn't get enough of that, um, sodium magnesium, you know, all of our electrolytes, it doesn't pump as well. So to prevent that, you know, we make sure that your, your sodium and everything is all within a normal range. And sometimes some of our medications can either make the salt level, too high or too low. Um, so he just wants to make sure that everything is in. Um, ok,
Patient: They fixed, uh, the prescription for the blood test, uh, about a month ago. So they must have the fax number. Uh,
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, we do. So I'm gonna let [PHI-Personal]
Patient: And maybe they could do that or do you think I should call anyway or what?
Nurse: No, I let her know that, you know, you received the message and that, um, you would like for the orders to be faxed over so that way they can draw. So you don't have to spend that $20 for transportation. You know, it's, they're able to draw it there and that works just as well.
Patient: Uh huh, they, we just got all of the things, uh, all of our prices are raised. They, uh, they raised our rent $[PHI-Account] a month last winter and, uh, they promised not to raise the rent again this year. So, um, instead they ra they slapped a fee on everything. I used to pay $15 for transportation to the doctor's office, which makes me mad because Country [PHI-Personal] doesn't charge anything or that doesn't charge anything either. But, uh, here, [PHI-Personal] cow. It's like, uh, um, like yesterday, my faucet came off in my hand in the kitchen and the water spouted all over the kitchen and all over me and I shut it off right away and, uh, it wasn't put on well. Mhm. But I managed to get it back on enough so that I could do dishes. But I think somebody should come and tighten it to make sure because this is the strangest thing you go to, to swing the, the spout over from one side of the sink to the other and the thing comes off in your hand. But, [PHI-Personal] cow. Yeah. Uh, I, I'm almost afraid to, to see come and look at it. Oh, that's another $20. Yeah, that's, uh, this place every time you turn around it's another fee. Mhm. You used to be able to get a copy for free. Now, it's 39 cents, can you imagine to make a copy of something? Thank God. Ok. Well, I think I took up enough of your time. Mhm. Yeah. Right.
Nurse: So, I'll keep an eye out for any messages back. But I did let him know that, you know, you would like to have that order sent to the woods. So that way. Yeah. Yeah.
Patient: Ok. It's hard to get, uh, to talk to [PHI-Personal] assistant. Their hope. I don't, I don't know whether she's a nurse or not. I kind of doubt it. But anyway, I don't get to talk to her. You know, you leave a message and you, I don't have a whole lot of faith that she always gets the message and,
Nurse: Yeah. Well, you can always give me a call, you know, I try to get a call back, at least within that day. And if you don't hear back from me, you know, you can always just, you know, call again. Um, typically, you know, I, I try to get back so, you know, if you ever need anything, let me know. Ok.
Patient: Ok. But so far for today I'm ok. Good. Uh, well, this has changed the bed day and I'm thinking about that shoulder isn't going to feel too good when I put that bottom sheet on. Yeah, you have to lift the ma it's, it's a real thick mattress and, uh, you have to lift it to get the corners out. Oh, boy. Well, it'll make a man out of me, baby, right? Ok. Well, thank you very much. You're
Nurse: Very welcome. You have a great day.
Patient: Ok. Bye bye bye.
