Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you?
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. It's [PHI-Personal] returning your call. Hi, how are
Nurse: You?
Patient: Hanging in there? How are
Nurse: You? I'm good. Thank you for asking. Yeah, I was just calling you to see how you're doing. See if there's been any changes in your health or medication.
Patient: Uh, once [PHI-Personal] I, I talked to you postsurgery, right? Yeah, I think. Ok, so, yeah, so I'm still recovering, still trying to eat. I'm still having issues with nausea. Um, that's, that's just the, that's the main problem and it's not unusual from what they're telling me. But, um, I figure, you know, this, it's over a month but they're like, some people just recover faster, you know, your stomach changes. It's all like not in the same place or the same size. Um, so I, I mean, I'm managing, you know, I feel better in general. I've been, I think you guys know that, uh, I work with doctor, the, um, immunologist. Doctor [PHI-Personal] sent me there. So they have me now on an, on infusion therapy ig therapy. Um, so that's been helping. Oh, good. As far as like in infections and stuff. So, in general, I guess I feel better. Oh,
Nurse: Good. Um,
Patient: Back procedures. I had two. They're going, now I'm going for two more where they're gonna ablate the nerves. One. I'm going for one procedure on each side to try to control the disc pain and that is also been helping.
Nurse: Oh, good. When are you going for those?
Patient: Um, I think I have one in [PHI-Personal] in [PHI-Personal]. So they're doing the left side first because that's the worst side and then the right side I think is in [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Ok. Well, good. Hopefully that helps you. Um, I was just gonna say, or say sorry. Um, I saw you followed up with the doctor and I just wanted to remind you, he said to avoid bread products, red meat and raw vegetables to kind
Patient: Of help with. Yeah, I'm allowed, like, I'm allowed salad but not like celery stuff like that. Um, I have not had steak. He told me to stay away from that until at least [PHI-Personal]. Um, meats. I'm trying to do mostly fish, chicken. Yeah. Yeah. Um, and I think broccoli he said stay away from unless it's steamed or something like that. So I've been, I mean, I've been following that. Um, and that's really it.
Nurse: Well, that's good because last time I spoke with
Patient: You, you know, I was a hot mess. Yeah, you always have a lot going on. So I do, this is like the first week where I don't have 20 doctor's appointments. I swear, like, between b blood, you know, like blood draws and in like a tower and all that garbage. And, uh, you know, now it's just kind of, I think I have a follow up with a sinus following the sinus surgery that's coming up next week. But, um, other than that, um, r a doctor is kind of status quo. They're not really changing anything and I think that's it. I think I dropped two specialists.
Nurse: Yeah. Good. And then I see, you know, uh, they did prescribe you the predniSONE and the antibiotics and that helped. Yeah.
Patient: So, following the surgery and when I went for my sinus surgery and this is the, I have to say this is the beauty of you all being in the same group when I went for my sinus surgery and I was talking to him pre surgery. He got my pulmonologist on the phone and he's like, look, you know, I understand what she's got going on. She's telling me every time she had surgery, which, you know, because they put the tube down my throat, my lung, my lungs, like, get, like, all [PHI-Personal]. And I'm like, every single time you've gotta increase the predniSONE, you got to put me on an antibiotic because I know I'm gonna be like coughing within a day. So they did that. Well, when I went with doctor, the Pulmonolo, the nurse was like, no, don't change anything. And I'm like, ok, and I even wrote it in my chart. Um I'm like, you're gonna regret this. Um And I'm gonna regret this. I know it within two days, I couldn't even, I could not even stop coughing. I was vomiting from coughing. Which doctor was like, I cannot have you be vomiting. So I messaged him back again and they're like, ok, if it's as simple as I'm like, all you gotta do is increase predniSONE. 14 days, put me on antibiotic for 14 days. Sure enough. Within two days I felt better. And I'm like, you, people have to listen to me. This is not my first rodeo. Right.
Nurse: Exactly.
Patient: You know what I mean? I know what's gonna happen. I can predict it. So, the, um, pulmonologist, like, all right, I'm really sorry. I should, you're right. I should have listened to you. I'm like, it's not that difficult. It's an antibiotic. It's not gonna kill me. I'm not asking for oxy. I'm asking for an antibiotic. So he's like, yeah, I get it. I understand now. So I am going to be adamant every single time there's a procedure.
Nurse: Right. Yeah, I don't blame you sometimes you have to be your own advocate.
Patient: No. And they don't listen, they're like, oh, you'll be fine. And I literally saw the pulmonologist a week. Uh, but four days after my surgery and I had already started coughing and he's like, it's gonna be fine and I'm like, you're not listening to me and I want this down in my chart. You're not listening to me. Yeah. You know what I mean? I follow all of your direction and you're all connected. I follow everybody's directions to A t because I have so much going on with me. I have to, I have to. Yeah. And he's like, well, if it continues, call us, I'm like, and in my head I'm like, fuck you. And sure enough, two more days and it was like, there was so much phlegm that I was like throwing up. And when I, I did call doctor s office because I wanted it in their chart. And she's like, OK, I want you to write this specifically in your, my chart to the pulmonologist. Tell them that we're on board, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And if they won't do it, let me know we'll call, we'll take care of it. We'll call the antibiotic in. So luckily they did so, and I feel better. Oh, good,
Nurse: Good. Well, hopefully next time they'll learn
Patient: What uh I know they're so, I know they're so reluctant because everybody's like, I need an antibiotic and, and after everything I've been through, I think, I know me.
Nurse: Right. Yeah. I think the thing they're worried about too is of course the antibiotic resistant. Um, you know, because if you take antibiotics all the time, the, the bacteria will become resistant to that antibiotic. So,
Patient: And I do believe that because trust me, I've been, uh, you know, before they diagnosed me, I've been on antibiotics. I can't, like, probably six months out of a year because of, you know, recurring infections and stuff like that because nobody ever thought to say, hey, there's gotta be something that, you know, this woman doesn't have an immune system. Let's figure out why. And, you know, they just kept doing it, doing it, doing it until recently. So, my, that's been my whole life. So I, I get that and I get the fact that, you know, at some point they just don't work. Mhm. But now luckily I'm not on them nearly as much. Um, but I know when I need it. Mhm.
Nurse: Yeah. No, I believe you, they help, you know. Um, they could also be, I don't know if you've heard of c diff, they could also be, um, concerned for that, you know, because when you take antibiotics it kills all the good bacteria as well. And c diff is a type of infection in, in your belly that's, like, naturally resistant to a lot of antibiotics. So, and that can just take, so I'm sure they're concerned about that as well. But, oh,
Patient: No, I did not know about my stomach unfortunately because of, and I didn't even know this because I chronically have, um, diarrhea. I know Doctor [PHI-Personal] knows that. Um, so he has me taking stuff when that happens and I didn't realize, but I'm on, um, cept cellcept. So, when I talked to them the other day, they're like, oh, do you have any side effects? And I'm like, you know what? I never really asked, like, what would they? And she's like, oh, chronic diarrhea. And I'm like, oh, fabulous. I said, yeah, I have it and she's like, she's like, you should be taking, she safely, you should be taking Imodium every day automatically because it is, it is going to help your stomach. And I'm like, what about, like, a probiotic or something like that? Right. Um, but I don't, I guess, I don't really know which, you know, they advertise so much garbage. I don't even know anymore. Which is the good ones and not.
Nurse: Right. Yeah. I mean, they would help too, you know, when you take antibiotics to help replace all of that good bacteria in your gut. So it could be something to maybe ask
Patient: A probiotic. Yeah. Ok.
Nurse: Yeah. And it just helps with your overall gut health, you know?
Patient: Yeah, because it's just, it's frustrating, like, as soon as I eat I'm in the bathroom and that's like, just annoying.
Nurse: Oh, yeah. No, I, I know, I understand. Um, they also, you know, probiotics are in some yogurt too. So, if you like yogurt maybe just eat, even eating a yogurt could help.
Patient: Oh, that's a good idea. I mean, I do, I don't do it regularly but maybe if I did it regularly.
Nurse: Yeah. You know. Um, also they're found in some cheeses. Lactobacillus is, uh, a name of a probiotic and they, they make so certain milk products, I don't know if you drink milk or not, but I do. Yeah. So they, they have milk with the lactobacillus in it. So that's good.
Patient: Ok. Maybe that's just easier.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. Definitely. Keep an eye out for that, you know, having too much of that bad bacteria can, you
Patient: Know, cause I know and I'm sure that's not helping the nausea and the whole g I, you know, and now with the surgery I don't wanna like mess it up again.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, definitely not. Definitely. Don't wanna mess that up for sure. So yeah, just look into it. Um, you know, look for anything that says probiotics or lactobacillus or anything like that. Ok. Ok. I'll see if I can find you any good materials on probiotics as well.
Patient: But yeah, I mean, I've looked, and you know, they say it's always like 30 billion. I'm like, all right. So what does that mean? And which, where should I be? Which one should I be using? You know what I mean? Because there's so many like garbage products that I'm like, I take so much meds already that I don't wanna mess it up.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, I know. And I, that's why I hate to tell you just to take whatever
Patient: One, just an automatic one I did. Start taking, I have to say, um, I read an article about fish oil and I eat fish anyway, but like a good, good fish oil. Um, for R A and I have, I'm, now I've been on it for maybe two months and I have to say, like, my joints and I don't, you know, maybe it could be a million other things. But I'm like, now I'm not gonna stop because my joints are because my joints used to, like, wake me up at night. That's how bad they were. And now I'm feeling like they still hurt, but not to the point where I feel crippled. Right.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. And honestly, the research on probiotics has also shown that it, it can help protect you from, like, a flare up of, of R A. So, um, that's good. You know, probiotics are just ok.
Patient: Well, you know, what? If you can find one or some one that's not like garbage? Um, I would be happy to try it.
Nurse: Definitely. Um, I'll try and do a little bit of research here and find you something. Ok. Yeah. But again, you know, I'm not a doctor. So if you wanna, maybe I know hematologist or, or something or I can even send a message to Doctor [PHI-Personal] and ask for his. Oh,
Patient: Yeah. That would be awesome because I don't see him until [PHI-Personal]. So, um, I know, I know he'll get back to me with some idea.
Nurse: Yeah. Definitely I'll send him a message just
Patient: Ok. No I would appreciate that. That would be
Nurse: Awesome. No problem, no problem. All right. Well good. I'm glad to hear you're doing. All right. Thank you. Thank you. You're welcome and I'll be calling you next month or if I hear back from doctor [PHI-Personal] with a good recommendation I'll let you.
Patient: Yeah yeah you can always send it to me on my chart if you don't wanna call. That's fine.
Nurse: Ok. Awesome. Alrighty. Alright thank you rest of your day.
Patient: Ok you too take
Nurse: Care. Uh huh bye bye bye.
