Nurse: Good morning. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is [PHI-Personal]. I have, um, [PHI-Personal] for a um, ok. You know what it is then? So I have her so I don't know if she's there or not, but I do have a couple of questions. Ok.
Nurse: So I'm actually covering for [PHI-Personal] today. So let me get in here. Who's your primary
Patient: Care provider? Um, Doctor [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: All right. Let me get in here real quick.
Patient: Hm.
Nurse: All right. So let me get you pulled up and you said [PHI-Personal], what's your date of birth, please?
Patient: [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: All right. So what's going on M [PHI-Personal]?
Patient: Ok, two things we moved. Um, and we been packing everything and whatever and I lost my prescription of Lisinopril. Lisinopril and I can't find it. So I wanted to, I tried to put in a, um, prescription thing on Sunday. So I had two left. So I had one for today, but because she had changed it to 50 mg and I can't find it anywhere, look high and low and I can't find it. So I was wondering if she could, you know, give me another prescription for that. And then she put me on, um, or try was gonna try me on PROzac and I have a real hard time sleeping. And Xanax really, I've been on Xanax but, um, I'd rather stay on Xanax and not take the PROzac because I'm kinda [PHI-Personal] of it because it said insomnia, but I can't sleep anyway. So the, um, Xanax does help me and I don't need the Xanax every day. I just need it usually for when I sleep or um, if I really get stressed because she knows the situation in my family is a mess. But um I've been doing really good on the Xanax. I, I'm careful with that but I'm afraid to take the, the PROzac. So, um, no, because I, I still have, and I, and I read that thinking, I kept thinking that's all I need is have something that doesn't even help me sleep. Right. I know.
Nurse: And I will say the, the PROzac, I mean, it's, it's been around for so long and um, obviously it helps a lot of people but it, it's more PROzac is more of one of those maintenance medication. So it's more, um, you take it every day. Um,
Patient: I don't wanna do that. I'm afraid she knows me, I'm afraid of taking any kind of narcotics and my two kids were drug the whole bit and, and I mean, my daughter took PROzac and she had panic attacks. When did it kill people and I thought, shoot it in the family. I don't want it. I thank God they're getting straightened out. I'm glad about that. But I, I know I'm just a little [PHI-Personal] about that stuff. So, and the Xanax. Yeah, once in a while
Nurse: I know. And, and if you don't really have any, um, that's the thing, if you don't have a lot of every day, anxiety, every day, depression, it's mostly anxiety. But if you're not having, you know, that constant ones where you're feeling, you know, tension in your chest or if you're feeling heart palpitations or whatever, it may be. If you're not feeling that on a regular basis, then maybe, maybe a maintenance medication isn't for you. Maybe you just need that Xanax to kind of take the edge off and help you sleep at night.
Patient: Yeah, I think so. I mean, if it gets worse, it really gets something I need that, then I probably would try it. But I just have such a hard time sleeping that the Xanax does seems to work. And if I do really take it sometimes I don't even take a half a cup. So I'm only on one mg. So I even take a half for a day, you know what I mean? Something like that. But, and if I really, if they really go to crap here, the kids, then maybe I will try the PROzac, but you can't take that and take Xanax at night. Can you? I think you can.
Nurse: But if you don't need to then why bother?
Patient: Right. Right. I was just wondering because I thought, well, ok, she wants me on it. I would take it during the day maybe. But to sleep, I still like the Xanax, but I didn't know if you could mix the two drugs and I didn't wanna try that, you know.
Nurse: Right. Right. Yeah. And especially with those type of medications, be weary about, you know, it's good to be
Patient: We, about the mixing. Oh, yeah. Um, yeah. Ok.
Nurse: So we'll, we'll do that. So I will, um, we'll let me get this, um, Lisinopril, make sure I have the right one too and you're using the [PHI-Personal], uh, on Waterford Parkway,
Patient: Right? Yeah. Ok.
Nurse: And this is the Lisinopril 2.5 mg tablet.
Patient: Yes.
Nurse: Ok. All right. I will do that. Do you need a refill of your Xanax?
Patient: Um, Xanax? I think I don't need that right now. I have that. I don't know if that was, but I have that. I'm, I'm all set with the Xanax for now. Ok.
Nurse: So basically just kind of, so what I would do if I were you, I mean, did you ever pick up the PROzac from the Phar? Yes, I did. Ok. So keep it on hand. Um, if you do feel as if you, like you said, if you do recognize that things are getting a little harder to maintain and, you know, kids are making you lose your hair then, then we can, you know, think about a daily thing. But, um, so we'll just kind of put the PROzac in the back of the cabinet for now. And, um, if we have to circle back to it then that's fine. But I don't think that since you've never started it, since you never took it, you don't have to, you know, wean your way off of it. Um, because, you know, that's the most important, that's the most common issue with PROzac or any, you know, any, um, anxiety medications like this is that people just stop it cold turkey and then their symptoms, I did
Patient: That. I did that before and I won't do it again. But, um, I was taking it quite a bit but now I take, sometimes I don't even take a half, most of the time. I don't even take a half. But if I get so stressed out I'll take a half of one. But if I get really messed up I'll take one. But it's just one at night I take for sleeping. Yeah. The Xanax, the one. Yes. And it's just the one too. It's the one, the Xanax isn't
Nurse: The worst. Xanax is one of those things that you can take as needed. You don't have to take it every day and if you do stop it then that's ok. But if you are taking it regularly then Yeah, that's definitely something you wanna contact your ordering provider with and be like, hey, how do I stop this? But the PROzac is more of, um, of something that you would want to be cautious of doing. So, as long as you, you said you didn't, you didn't start it. Right.
Patient: No, not at all. No, because I was reading up on it and I said, oh, God, insomnia. That's all I need. You're like, I already have it. Right. Exactly. Right.
Nurse: So, ok, that's ok then. So that's why I'm comfortable having you stop, you know, I'll just notify doctor [PHI-Personal] that you never started it. Um, you know, the side effects were kind of kind of freaking you out and manage as well. So that's ok. I mean, if, if you feel comfortable with what you're doing, if you are, if it's managing your symptoms, well, then why make a change?
Patient: Well, that's how I feel too. So, I'm glad you do too. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah, that's
Nurse: A, that's a good call and, um, we'll just go ahead and keep, you know, um, she may wanna see you every now and then just to keep that, um, Xanax, you know, refilled and all that. But, um, as long as you attend your, like you, what do you go every three months typically or every six months to see her?
Patient: Um, I think it's six months. Ok. So, yeah, I think it's about six months.
Nurse: Yeah. As long as you go to your appointment she'll just keep.
Patient: Yeah. Oh, yeah, I do. I go and I, I get a thing where they remind you and get it on my calendar and I always, yeah, all the reminders I go. Yeah. Oh, yeah.
Nurse: Ok. Good. So, then, um, all of your other medications are good still. And, um, do you need any other refills while I have you?
Patient: No, I think I'm all set and I can, um, I can, uh, refill them on, um, what you call it on Wal [PHI-Personal] when I need them and they notify me if I need one refilled and that kind of stuff. So that works pretty good for me. Good.
Nurse: I know. I love those automatic. Um, me too.
Patient: Me too. I think so too. Let
Nurse: Me get into your chart and just see if there's anything else that I wanna talk about while I have you north. Ok. So
Patient: Then [PHI-Personal], they even let you know when you go in there if you're updated on your shots, like I have to get a Hepatitis Three shot or something. So I, so I get that done when he tells me to do that. So, and now they're having that, that new variant of COVID. Now, is that gonna be another, you know, anything about another COVID shot you have to get for that. The federal five.
Nurse: Well, if you can wait, I think that they just came out with the six but um I was actually my group and I were just talking about it, my team and I were talking about it and I think that there is 1/6 1 that came out. So that's not something that you really have to worry about quite um urgently because you have gotten all five. So that's good. Um But it's definitely something to think about. Um I can, I can try to find, I'll find some literature on it and see if, um, if I can mail it to you and then you can just read up and decide if you wanna get it.
Patient: All right, because I have that little bit of that emphysema and, yeah, and, and, you know, with,
Nurse: With respiratory thing. Yeah, I definitely think that you should get it. But, um, you wanna educate yourself before you make a decision on it. So,
Patient: Ok,
Nurse: I do see one other thing in your upcoming health stuff that they want you to complete a T de within the next couple of months. Do you know what that is? No. Ok. So a TDAP is a vaccination. It's just the tetanus shot basically. So, um, do you have any grandkids or any great grandchildren?
Patient: I think I had that at [PHI-Personal]. Um, it was a, it was a combination type thing of tetanus and something else. Yeah. I think, I, I think I've had that at [PHI-Personal] now it's funny that [PHI-Personal] doesn't keep in contact to somehow with my doctor. They probably just,
Nurse: They may have it, but I will, I'll call [PHI-Personal] today. I'll call him when we get off the phone and see if, well, actually, probably not once we get off the phone because it's lunch now for them.
Patient: But it's ok. You don't get
Nurse: Lunch. Um, so I'll call them this afternoon and see if I can get that date of the TDAP. They recommend you get it every 10 years. So if you think that it was within the last 10 years then I wouldn't worry about
Patient: It. Oh yeah it was a couple of months ago, it was just a few months ago. He said something about getting that shot and I got that one and another one but I think I'm just up for that other one but yeah if you could just call me back, let me know and I'll go back and get worked again. Ok? Alright. Alright, thanks guys. Thank you.
Nurse: If you need anything else, let me know but otherwise we'll follow up next month.
Patient: Ok, that's fine. Thank you very much. No problem. You too. Bye bye bye bye.
