Nurse: Hi, this is
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. Hi, [PHI-Personal]. It's [PHI-Personal] returning your call. Hi,
Nurse: [PHI-Personal], how are you?
Patient: Um, I'm coping. You're coping? Yeah. Yeah, I'm, I'm coping. I don't have it. It's such a hard question. It, I, I don't have a day when I don't feel well, I really, I do not have a day when I feel. Well, um, so I mostly, um, self isolate unless I have to go out. I guess my major complaint would be, um, well, chronic fatigue that we've been fighting, which I guess is all part of that thing that I have and, um, I, I just don't feel good. I'm, I'm al, I'm nauseous when I eat and I'm worse when I don't eat. So I'm trying to balance that for myself. Um, um, my sleep pattern is, is not good, although I've gone through this before. Um, I'm still trying to, uh, I don't know. My family thinks that I should go for either a sonogram or an m, they think maybe I have an ulcer or something. I, I don't know really what it is whether a part of it is just general grief and general, you know, I don't know, whatever. Um, you know, my family is very supportive and they help me but I just never feel well. So I don't do the things that I really like wanna do. And then I think, you know what, I really don't wanna do anything anyway.
Nurse: I think, I think that part um comes with the depression and the anxiety combined, you know, because overall with, you know, one of them is bad enough but having both of them, you know, you're grieving. Um, you know, they, they kind of mimic, they tend to make your body mimic, um having some other medical issue going on. They just, they can make you feel like complete poop, so to speak. You know, where you just don't wanna do anything, you're tired all the time. You don't, you know, you just wanna lay around and you just don't feel well.
Patient: Yes, that's, yeah, that's exactly how I feel. It's just that I don't, um, you know, I have confusion of whether I, I don't or I can't, you know, I, I don't want to or I just, I can't and I tried to, um, I try to keep track of when it's better or worse. I try to keep track of my um, intake. My food intake is horrible when I decide to, you know, do it, I have an intake of food but I'm basically, it's funny that you should call today because I just got a bill from the hospital for when they took that basal cell off of my elbow. And, oh, jeez, I, $2500 to use the operating room for 12 minutes I think is ridiculous. But, you know. Oh, my gosh. Yeah, it's really, mm. And I, now that I'm alone and I'm doing this myself, it's like I have to be careful. I have other things, you know, I should have my eyes done and I haven't gone for like, I'm so overdue to have those done. I, but I have to like catch up on getting these bills paid off. Um, which I'm doing ok, I'm making, you know, my payments but it's um, it's just a matter of, you know, please God, let me have a good day. Right. And then I don't, so we start fighting with each other. Oh, you know, can I have one? Just
Nurse: One? That's all I'm asking.
Patient: Yeah. Right. I just, um, you know, and I think I've basically have, have accepted the fact that because I'm such an elder now, the things that you, I feel because when you're, now I think if things hit you harder, like, um, my therapist said to me the other day or she asked me something, what's the hardest thing? And they said the hardest thing is knowing that I'm not gonna feel good any more. Mm That this, this thing, whatever it is I have is not gonna go away that it's um, gonna be with me and I have to manage it and that's really scary for me that I'm not gonna have a day when I'm gonna feel good. You know, that I'm not gonna be like, ok, I was at my daughter's the other day and I said to her, I just, yeah, I just think I have to go home because, um, I just want to be here. Which, and it's funny because I love being there particularly because she has a dog and, and that gives me spiritual, you know, like uplifting, like, I just love her but things like that, I'm kind of finding that, um, I don't enjoy, you know, anymore, but I just, I'm more comfortable if I'm home and then if I'm home I really wanna, like, not be. But I don't know. I don't know. I'm just a real pain in the ass. It's
Nurse: Ok. You're allowed to be. You've made it this far.
Patient: I know. I, I know.
Nurse: But have you thought about, um, you know, starting any medication for the depression? You know, even if it's, I mean, we, you can use depression medication short term. You don't have to be on that forever.
Patient: Yeah. [PHI-Personal], I, I have some that [PHI-Personal] gave me and I did try it and, um, for some reason I don't take antidepressants. Well, they always make me feel worse than I am when I, you know, when I take them and when I don't take them and I just, I don't want to take medicine the same with my stomach. I mean, she gave me an awful lot of help for my stomach and like, they made me so sick. It's like I, I can't do this. I can't be sick and get on a medication and be sicker. I'm just not going to do that. I'm not an antidepressant and I have told her before it's, and we fight all the time because I tell, I'm not depressed. I was, I was born this way to not, not depressed. I'm just, you know, I tend towards melancholy. I, I know what depression feels like. I know that I've been treated like in the past, like way past. But this is very different. This feeling of hopelessness I think comes from the fact that um if I take enough medicine, this stuff is gonna go away because it's not. And I realize, I realize that it's not so days I feel ok, well, some days I sleep all day and I'm up all night and, you know, wander around and, you know, then the anxiety hits and then I can't, um, then I can't function because if I'm outside, like I'm getting a fear of doing something along. Like if I'm outside and do something, I get an anxiety attack, I either have to leave where I am, which is what I usually do or just go someplace, you know, for a few minutes and let it pass So, thanks. I don't know how I'm doing because I'm doing, it's just different every day but it's always like, you know, please just only have one day where I feel, you know, like, really, really good. Right. Hm. I know. It's like, oh my God. No,
Nurse: No, not, not even, no, I'm just trying to, you
Patient: After
Nurse: Hearing that you, you wanna try and see, you know, like, what can I do to help her? Like, I, I don't like to see people suffer and, you know, go through the things that most of my patients go through. Um, I, I like to try and help them. Yeah, that's, that's my goal. Oh, that's a tough one. Let's see. Now, for the nausea, for your stomach. Um, have you, I know she tried the dicyclomine um, for your stomach.
Patient: I take that, uh, that's the one that I take most regularly. I take the dicyclomine and then there's, she gave me a group of 11 of them so bad. It was like, oh God, but the one I have my medicine case with me, that's what I'm looking at. The one, that sometimes helps the, it's one tablet by mouth every eight hours as needed and it's o on the statin. Oh the Zofran the on sometimes that's helpful. I will take that in place of dicyclomine and I'll take that with half of a, um, half of my uh alprazolam and sometimes that helps me, it gives me a little bit of a lift but then I'll, you know, take my shower and, you know, wash my hair and, you know, get dressed and that, you know, that feels like and then you're wiped out again. Right. Exactly. It's like where, where's my chair? Um, that helps me a lot. Um, cycline does calm me down and I, I've been taking it, I think a long time and it's a medication that I find I take. Well, like I really don't have any side effects. My problem is I have so many side effects with these things. Dicyclomine is not one of them. I tolerate that one very well, very well. Uh, and then if I think I need like a whole alprazolam, I take them. Um, but it, I don't, I don't even know if they're working anymore. I, I don't, you know, I don't, I don't know, they keep the jitters down a little bit, you know, I don't feel like I'm so plugged into this socket that has this, you know, low wave of electricity going through me. It's like I can, oh, I can cal, you know, I can calm down and like, if I fall, if I sit down, um, I love to read and I do, um, a little research as, as a matter of fact, I work with a couple of people from [PHI-Geographic] that they used to be, um, spiritual counselors for and that helps me. But I find that I, I'm not as confident as I used to be because I don't do it as much as I used to. Like, I used to do it a lot and of course they don't do it up here at all. So. Mm. Yeah. So, it's like I can't even find, I, I miss, I know this probably sounds ridiculous. I really miss working. I, I miss [PHI-Personal]. I miss, and yet if I had to I probably couldn't because I don't think I could keep a schedule. Like, can I get up at 7 30 in the morning? No, I can't, you know, I can't get up in time to, like, get some place. So it's like, damned if I do damned if I don't. But I miss being vital. I guess that's what it is, vital. Part of what I did. I miss. Right. I, I miss helping others, you know, serving, uh, I miss that a lot. I, and strangely enough I've reacted, I think quite well with living alone. I, I, I'm su surprise. I thought I would have a much harder time with that and I don't, I, I really like it. Oh. And you know, you're afraid to say that out loud. It's like, well, are you ok? You know, you're all alone. You haven't been alone. I said, yeah, I'm, I'm fine. I just, yeah, it's not a problem.
Nurse: That's not the part that's bothering you.
Patient: Ex, yeah, exactly. Right. Exactly.
Nurse: Um, have you, like, thought about maybe going to the church and asking, you know, if you would be able to volunteer your time for them?
Patient: I do that when I can and I do that. And every Wednesday I go for, um, it's called centering prayer and it's an hour and a half and I've done it for like, 25 years and I, I, I, I'd have to be on my death of bed to miss that, but it's such a struggle to get there once I get there. I'm ok. It's showing up
Nurse: Right, talking yourself into getting out of the house and actually doing it.
Patient: Exactly. It's like I know I'm going, I know I need it. I know. Um, I know the people. Well, I feel better afterwards and I will do that faithfully. I will um, just one or two people that I talk to on an informal basis, which I feel is helpful. But unfortunately, the church is like, it's just dying there. There's just no spirit, there's just no, I mean, a lot of the people I pray with, but it's only three of us, but it works for us, for us. It works. We're like minded. We're um, we could talk about anything. We trust each other. We, our, our prayer and centering prayer is silence. So you don't say last 20 minutes we turn the lights out and, um, and we just sit in silence together and that for some reason so calming for me that I can be silent and yet in a room with people who I trust. And so I ha, I have that, that I try very hard to hang on to. Mm. Sunday. Not so much because I can't stand the, uh, that's there. So he gives me no spiritual sustenance at all. Hm. But, you know, I do my own thing. I'm just so tired. I'm just so tired of not feeling well because me,
Nurse: I know we gotta, we gotta figure it out here. What? Hm.
Patient: Mhm.
Nurse: Hm. And you, you do see a therapist, correct?
Patient: I was see, um, well, actually I didn't see if she does it over the phone, but [PHI-Personal] had recommended a, um, God, I can't think of her name. [PHI-Personal]. And, um, that was just a, I think we talked about maybe four times but she was not my person. She was not a good fit because she didn't basically [PHI-Personal] believe in like, the things I believed in and very nice, very pleasant. But she was not for me.
Nurse: Right. And, you know, it, it, sometimes for some people it may take 345 different, um, practitioners before you find the right one. That, that,
Patient: Well, the interview and said that to me she was like, and come on, there's 1000 therapists for God's sake, just like I said. Yeah. But I don't know that, I don't know who the right one for me is, I don't know who I actually use one that I used to have in [PHI-Geographic] and we do it by phone and she's good but she's not available and the one I wanna see I just found out is, as a matter of fact, she used to go to this church. She is not taking patients and they say she's really good and I, I don't know her, I just know her in sight from seeing her at church and also she belongs to, ah, you know, like a community of them where Jacqueline was not, she was independent, which I kind of liked, you know, but I just, yeah, it was, it was just a waste of time. It was just, you know, ok, it just didn't fit for me if it, [PHI-Personal] had recommended somebody else. Her name was, I think [PHI-Personal] something. I don't know who it was. And I said, ok, I'll go, you know, like I'm, I do have good people that I can, like, talk to and then I avail myself of, you know, of them and they will give me, like, almost an hour. And, um, you know, what can you say after you've said it all? Like,
Nurse: Yeah, well, then you just move on and eventually, you know, you'll, uh, w with, you know, going to counseling or therapy or anything, it's, it's about being able to have a normal conversation about the doings of your life, you know, being able to relieve that from your shoulders. Get things off of your chest and knowing that, you know, you have an unbiased support for what you're going through. Mhm. That, that's what it's all about and, you know, it's, it's not gonna be every day, you know, how are you feeling today or, you know, getting to the nitty gritty eventually as it progresses it, it's gonna be like a normal conversation where you can just let things go.
Patient: Yeah, I and II I am very pro counseling. I get it. I think everybody should do it. I've done it on and off my whole life. I'm, I'm very, I don't resist it at all like I resist medication. [PHI-Account] says so you know, so do you want to try? I say no, please don't make me put another pill in my body. Mm No, let's do this uh holistically. Like even even trying to move my non movement is not good either. Like I can't walk in this junk. I can't um you know, I, I'm used to aquatic therapy and that might help but I wasn't doing it for therapy at the time. I was doing it because I wanted to do it. So, so when I say coping, I just say, you know, I get through, I get through every day as best I can and I have support right here. My daughter lives, right? Like two corners. So I have support when I need it. And I don't, I just don't know what else to say about that. I just, I think my biggest, my biggest sadness is that I'm not gonna get well, but this stuff doesn't go away, this, the side effects of this Epstein Barr stuff just, it just doesn't go away and sometimes it's overwhelming to me to wake up and feel, you know, it's not fun waking up feeling sick.
Nurse: No, definitely not.
Patient: So, I don't, you know, I don't, I don't know what else to tell if you don't have
Nurse: Whatever you want to.
Patient: I, I don't know what else, you know, to say. I keep saying I'll, you know, I'll get back into walking. Um, you know, I miss being more athletic than I used to be. Now I do like nothing. Mm. Like, for instance, this morning I'm trying to think. Ok, so this morning I got up and I, you know, I usually try to keep my morning diet really simple. So it doesn't start, you know, so I had an egg and a piece of toast and some orange juice and, you know, got myself dressed and the first thing I thought of is I really need to lay down. I don't feel good and I slept for like, three hours. Hm. Yeah, I think the only reason I wake up is because, you know, I have to use the bathroom because I was, I drink a lot of water.
Nurse: Hm. Ok. Uh, hm. I'm trying to think. I mean, the, the best thing that I can tell you it's just continue doing your small tasks, you know, continue what you're doing, just small things at a time. Nothing too big and major. That's gonna be too overwhelming, you know, day by day. Try and push yourself a little bit more, you know, hopefully the weather breaks up here sometime soon. Um, maybe a short walk around, around the, um, neighborhood, you know, just slowly pushing yourself outside that element of being in the house. Yeah. And you know, just slowly work at it. Baby steps don't rush into it because then you come back to square one and then we, we don't know where to go from there. Um, so just small steps, kinda, kinda, you know, push yourself a little bit here and there to see, see how things go. Um, I am going to send [PHI-Personal] a message, um, and asking, I'm gonna ask her if she would recommend, um, an upper G I to check for any ulcers, um, related to your nausea cause you said you get it with eating and it's worse when you don't. Is that right?
Patient: Well, yeah, well, it's both, it's both like, you know, when I get up in the morning, I usually feel nauseous and a little lightheaded and I always say, well, you know, I need some protein or I need something to eat and then after I eat it's like, oh God, I wish I hadn't eaten that because then it's a different type. Actually, most of the discomfort is in the lower, lower abdomen. It's almost like, is this just a gas pains or like, what is this? But I'm sorry that I did that, you know, that I ate and then it's the same thing, you know, like lunch time comes and it's like, you know, I, I could really eat something to eat and then after I eat I feel, you know, worse. Yeah, I just eat, um, and even when I eat at my daughter's and, you know, oh, my son in law is like a great cook. He's almost like a chef. And my daughter will say mom, how come you're not eating? And I said I'm eating, I, you know, I, I ate a lot but I usually end up taking everything home because I just can't eat the quantity that, that they eat and the time that they eat it, you know, I, I'm kind of slow down, you know, slow down and don't eat, you know, too fast. So, um, yeah, we'll see what [PHI-Personal] says. I'll, I'll go, uh, something's gotta be, something has to be interfering with why. Um, my food just doesn't digest. Right. Especially since I'm taking medication. Right.
Nurse: Well, let's, we'll start here. Um, we'll see what she wants to do what she recommends. Um, she may ask that you come into the office. I mean, you are due for a three month follow up. Um, but the girls will reach out. Yeah, she'll wanna see you.
Patient: She, she tell before you gonna come back and see me in, in a month or so. And we said no. Yeah,
Nurse: You probably should.
Patient: Yeah, I, I know, I, I always say that there's so much pe, there, there's so many people that are so sick, much sicker than I am. I hate taking up doctor's time with. Mm. See, to me it's like I always diminish it. This is so little compared to what people are suffering from that. Um I thank God every day that I don't have anything like you know, like that she said and just, just come in, I said and I want to,
Nurse: Well, I I recommend that you do um at least for your regular three month follow up, you know that way everybody, it, it just helps everybody stay on the same page as to what's happening and where we go next. Um So I will send her that message and see, you know how she feels about that upper G I um and then
Patient: We'll
Nurse: Go from one of, one of the girls will reach out and get that three month appointment for you. Ok.
Patient: Ok.
Nurse: All right, my
Patient: Dear. Ok, [PHI-Personal]. Thank you. You're
Nurse: Welcome. Keep trying, honey, thanks. I will. It'll, it'll even out eventually. You may not feel 100% but things will tend to change.
Patient: Listen, I go for 10. I can feel 10%. Thank you and I I'll wait to hear from them. All right, you take care. You too. Christine. Bye bye bye bye.
