Nurse: Hello, this is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is calling. Hi, how I missed your call the other. I'm good. Sorry, I missed your call the other day but my phone was dead.
Nurse: Oh, no, that's ok. Um, I will always call you back. Um, you know, I just call you back if you don't, if I don't hear from you in a while. Um, but I, I wouldn't forget about you. I was just, I was just calling kinda to do a check in call for you. Um, because last time I talked, you know, you've been having some more episodes of AFIB I wanted to see kind of like how you were doing.
Patient: Um, well, they actually, uh, put me on, uh, metoprolol twice a day instead of once a day. Ok. And, um, I'm going to need a new prescription for that because I, I got it filled and they only have once a day on there yet.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah. And I know they said, let me see, it's 25 it's metoprolol 25 mg twice daily. Yeah. Ok. Um, so I know cardiology had said, like you could take an extra one, like, as, as needed. Did they just, and I know um I know uh also had said, you know, if your pulse is high, you can take an additional metoprolol, but they actually just um flat changed it to where you're taking it scheduled twice a day. Not as needed. Yeah. Ok. Just, just, just clarifying. Um um so I will send a message over to asking her to change and refill that. Um and then let me see, let me pull up your pharmacy. Do you want that to go to the CV S in [PHI-Geographic]? Yes, please. Ok. Um Let me see. So I'll request, send that request over. Hopefully you she will have to sign, change it, sign it and send it over. So hopefully by the end of the day, um let me see. Yeah. Has, has that been working for you like have, have you stopped having the episodes?
Patient: Yes. And um I had actually ran out of it on Thursday, so I didn't have any Friday or Saturday by Sunday. I was up in the 110. It was bouncing all around like 1 10, 1 70 back down to 1 10. Uh So um I finally got to the pharmacy to get them and I took it and it straightened itself right out.
Nurse: Ok. No more episodes since no good. Um So yeah, so no, no and then no like non specific symptoms like feeling really fatigued or faint, confused, weak, like sweating.
Patient: Ok. Actually, I seem to have a little more energy than what I normally. Oh, normally did before the ablation.
Nurse: Oh, that's good. Yeah. Um, I know. Ok, good. So you're doing good there. Um, good. Um, besides that then is there, you know, anything else going on? Um, anything, anything you're worried about? Anything I can help with? No, I'm good. Good. Do any of your other medications need to be refilled?
Patient: Not that I know of right now.
Nurse: Ok, I will go ahead and um, yes, send the message to and I will get back to you to confirm that she's fine with changing the prescription and, and sending a refill. Um, but if you think of anything else, you know, feel free to give me a call. You have my number.
Patient: Ok. Ok, good. Now Ivan needs his, his traMADol again. He goes the [PHI-Personal] to see the surgeon. Ok, let me. Ok. Ok,
Nurse: Let me see. Um traMADol you said surgeon [PHI-Personal]? Mhm. Ok. Let me pull that up because I think, you know, I he hadn't, he'd been kind of stable. I think I have him set to follow up with him at the end of the month. Um, so I hadn't pulled his chart up. I was just calling you because you've been having some, you know, your your issues with the AFIB. Um, so following up with you earlier in the month, let me see. Can you verify his date of birth for me.
Patient: [PHI-Account].
Nurse: Thank you. Ok, let's see you had an eye exam on the [PHI-Personal]. That's good.
Patient: Um, and that's, that's doing good.
Nurse: Good. Ok, good. All right. So let me see when we sent the traMADol last, so I can make sure that they can send it. We sent that on [PHI-Account] [PHI-Personal]. Um, they may not be able to send it again, but I will ask, um, ok, because it's because it's controlled, there's,
Patient: There's some days that he has to take two at a time in order to, to get any type of relief. Ok.
Nurse: And I had sent a message about, about this. I know he, he sees pain management. What did pain management say about that?
Patient: Um, they, he had the last time he went, um, he told him that the shot didn't work. And so they, yeah, sorry. That's why we're, that's why we're getting in. That's why we're seeing the surgeon because, um, Doctor, uh mcilroy from down at center said that he really needs to have surgery done.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, so I'll request the traMADol. Um, yeah, 1 to 2 tablets because it is. So I'll request it because they did send it a little early four last month. So we will see, um, you know, just, just be cautious, um, if he's taking it a lot because, you know, you can have more side effects. Um, so, I mean, it's good for moderate severe pain but it's, um, you know, you might have like sleepiness, headache, nervousness, feeling shaky. It can actually cause muscle tightness as a side effect. Um, I know he has an issue with, with the tightness. So, like he made me to do more stretching like, um, you know, like knees to, like if he's laying on his back, like do knees to chest, like pull his knees up to his chest or do like a kneeling one stretch where he's kind of like on his, on his like, well on one knee and kind of put the other leg in front of him and kind of lean into it to help kind of stretch lower back out too. Um So those are, yeah, just I would, I would recommend that just because stiffness too. Um But I will get back to you about that as well. And then do you also also want that to go to the CV S in Jersey Shore? Yes, please. Ok. CV S sure. Um Any other concerns or questions about, about Ivan?
Patient: Nope, his sugars have been running really good.
Nurse: Good. That is good to hear because I know he started, he started on the injectable medication. The Trulicity in, in [PHI-Personal]. Yes. So that's working well for him. Good, good. I'm glad to hear that. Good. So I will call you back then once about the traMADol and then about your metoprolol. Um once I hear back, um is there anything else that I could help with today.
Patient: No, that's everything. Thank you.
Nurse: Of course, my pleasure. I'll talk to you a little bit later. Hope you have a good day. Stay safe.
Patient: Ok. You too hon. Thank you. Bye bye. Mhm. Bye.
