Nurse: Hello. [PHI-Personal] speaking.
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. Nancy Marcelo. You called yesterday? About [PHI-Personal]?
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, I did. Yeah. Yeah.
Patient: I was wondering if I got the wrong number or what? It's hard to get your number when, uh, you said it because you got your girls talk too fast.
Nurse: I think it's just habitual because we call so many people and we're just like, you know, um, when we get on a roll like that, you know. So,
Patient: Yeah, it is. Well, my kids do the same thing. I generation thing. You just talk too fast. Yeah. Yeah, we were just out for a little bit. Yeah. What's going on? Just
Nurse: Checking in just to see how things have been going.
Patient: Well, he has another ut I, so he's on, uh, uh, an antibiotic. It's like Macrobid, 10 days, twice a day.
Nurse: So, that was, that was, that was his whole issue then, wasn't it? With the, with the confusion? Well, well, you know,
Patient: I don't know, I think it, something else too, you know, because he has it all a lot. So, what does that mean? He has a UT I, all the time. He's gonna have to be on an antibiotic it comes and goes, you know what I mean?
Nurse: Yeah. So, what, what are his symptoms now? Is he? Yeah. Well, there, yeah. Well, there, that's, that was the other possibility that was thrown out there too is the fact that it could be that too. Right. Right. Yeah. Ok.
Patient: But that's hard to prove without the test but said that, uh, she's gonna see how the blood work comes out and then maybe she'll do a CT scan.
Nurse: Yeah. Which is good. I mean, she wants to make sure see what his blood work looks like to see if it's an infectious process or if she feels like he needs further, um, you know, uh, test from. Yes, evaluation. Exactly. So, that's a good path, I think. How is he doing? Do you see any difference with him on that antibiotic or?
Patient: Oh, yeah, I think so. He said it, uh, still burns a little bit when he goes. But as far as, uh, the color or anything, he seems he's drinking a lot of water. He could, he, well, I think, I think,
Nurse: Ok. Well, tell me though, like, um, you know, um, as people get older they, there are symptoms for ut change to things like confusion, weakness, um, falls sometimes things like that. Um, um, I like a lot of confusion. So, is, is, do you see improvement in that, with the antibiotic?
Patient: Yeah. Well, I don't know if there's any improvement. I mean, you know? Ok. It's, I'm with him [PHI-Personal] 7. So, you know. Right. Well, he talks in his sleep a lot, you know, like he's having a conversation or,
Nurse: And he told me he said, I think I see my mother and I know, really know she's not there, but I do think I see her. So, yeah, he's told me that
Patient: Too. Done that. He hasn't done that lately. So it comes and goes, but, like I say, every day is kind of a mystery, you know, it's, I don't know what you're gonna deal with that day. So.
Nurse: Right. Right. Well, I mean, it's a day at a time thing. Right. You just, uh, take it a day at a time, see how he does if he's stable great and then follow up with her as far as whether she feels he needs further testing and, and see if there's, uh, other things going on with him. He's
Patient: Pretty stable. The thing is when we went to, uh, Seul, he said, of course, he's giving him a lot of his medication. His BP is too low. So he said, cut it in half the half, cut it in half. We could get from 10 to 5. Well, then saw him here last week and she didn't like it too low. So she cut it to 2.5. Ok. Yeah, I know. And of course, within the meantime, we get a great big bottle, you know, uh,
Nurse: Yeah, the mail then you gotta cut them all. Yeah. Mm. That's that 90 day supply stuff. Yeah, when you change things it stinks.
Patient: Uh, 2.5. So I just picked that up, you know,
Nurse: The others are up
Patient: In the, I don't know if you can mail them back or what, but, you know, until they get this straightened around, he's on the 2.5 and we called yesterday with the, uh, um, readings and of course she's off this week. But doctor [PHI-Personal] said he thought it was stable and blah, blah, blah, you know, follow up. Just keep doing what we're doing.
Nurse: Ok. Good. And no driving. That was a big thing. She kept documenting.
Patient: Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah, I know. That's hard. It is. It, it takes his independence away and I get it. But, you know, if it's a safety thing then, then that's, that's important too. But I understand. Yeah, it's hard. Is he adjusting to that? Ok.
Patient: Well, for a while he'll say I'm, oh, I'm glad you're driving and then, you know, the next day it might be, I, I just am gonna drive, you know, it's like, well, no, not,
Nurse: I don't
Patient: Going to sleep and stuff, you know. So that, that's a hard thing right there.
Nurse: Yeah, it
Patient: Is. You know, get over there and grab the wheel that quick. Not the way the,
Nurse: Oh, no. Yeah, that would be completely unsafe. Completely unsafe. Yeah. Yeah, you can't. There's no, there's no sense in risking that when, you know that, um, you know, that he's at risk, you're at risk, your safety, it's just not worth it. Yeah, it's not worth it and, right. Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Patient: You know, every day we get in that vehicle and how heavy it is and what damage you can do and what people can do to you. I mean, Saturday we had here on route 60. I mean, we had accidents up and down the road all day because of that winter weather and people going too fast. You know, it was terrible accidents all over the place. So, you know, it's like, ok staying home today, but of course we left because we didn't realize he had that ut I, we got home Friday night. I had been on my sister in law to the eye doctor to help her. So we didn't get home until after five and there was a message from, you know, the family health and he needs to be on an antibiotic and, you know, we called it in and I thought I was just up out, you know, of course Friday was good. But then I got up on Saturday and we had a little relief and I, we jump in the car to go get the antibiotic. And boy, when we came home, what a nightmare, I was never so nervous in my life. I'll tell you, yeah, when you get on those slippery roads and people, I mean, well,
Nurse: Listen, uh, it, it's, it's, and, you know, they, when they [PHI-Personal] up and ice up that quick, it's frightening. It is. I don't like driving in it either and it's just like, you know, um, I don't know, it just gives me such anxiety
Patient: It anymore because I'm not working.
Nurse: Yeah. So, you're not driving?
Patient: I used to work 3 11. So I came home with some pretty hairy. Scary.
Nurse: Oh, yeah, me too. Me too. I used to do, I used to do a lot of three elevens and also, you know, having to be there at 6 45 in the morning and the roads weren't always good in the morning either. So, you're sliding all over the darn place.
Patient: Yeah. No, there, there wasn't any good time with that
Nurse: Kind of a deal. No,
Patient: The only thing about 3 to 11 there wasn't a lot of traffic on the road. Exactly.
Nurse: You could go really slow and take your time. Yeah.
Patient: Right. Didn't have to worry about all these people behind you and, like [PHI-Personal] says, don't worry about the ones behind. You don't worry. Just, you know, I, I know you're not supposed to but, you know, when they're right on your tail, it just really makes
Nurse: You nervous. It makes you nervous. Yes. And, and, you know, I always try to, to avoid the highways as much as possible because, um, you know, I, I just, I'd like taking my time and I just, I don't like flying, you know,
Patient: And so many of them who fly, let's face it. Yeah, you just got, I think, well, yeah, down the road I, I see in the ditch or the cop will have you pulled over or one or the other, you know. So, or both.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, you gotta watch,
Patient: We go out like, today I, it's been two months since I've had my hair cut, so I'm going to get my hair cut.
Nurse: Good. Get your hair done. Yeah.
Patient: Stay at his sister. So he'll have,
Nurse: Oh, good, good. And you take a break and, and do something for yourself. So, that's always nice too.
Patient: You know? I know. I'm lucky I get my appointments and, you know what I mean? I, I
Nurse: Do, I do
Patient: Not just because of that, but because of the weather, you know, the weather's
Nurse: Been terrible like today and yesterday, yay. But it's been awful. It's really been terrible
Patient: Playoff games for basketball and of course this first one is, it's
Nurse: Gonna [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Oh,
Nurse: That, oh, I know. Oh, they don't?
Patient: Oh, heavens. No, not unless week. So they won't postpone
Nurse: It. Oh, that's terrible.
Patient: That's terrible. I know. So, and he enjoys that. He sure.
Nurse: Oh, they look forward to it. Sure. We, well, maybe it'll miss us. Who knows? We have a
Patient: Few days. Well, we can't get on the phone, you know, we can't get on the phone. But it's not the same as being there.
Nurse: It's not the same. No. No. Oh, no.
Patient: So, we'll see. Of course my daughter will say, well, I'll get you in and drive you home and it's like, oh, well, I don't even want to be out in it
Nurse: With anybody. You know, you don't wanna walk on the sidewalks, uh, you know. No. Sure. No.
Patient: No. But other than that, he's doing good in [PHI-Personal]. You'll go back to her. Uh, and then he goes to doctor, he gets another shot because every six months the cancer shot. Right. Right. Ok. But his, his last time we went to, um, them, and we went to the kidney specialist. His numbers were good. His psa was a lot better and his kidney function was better. That's good.
Nurse: And, and we like that, that's great. Good. That means things are working and he's doing well good.
Patient: Right. Right. But he still gets discouraged because things are the same, you know? Oh, yeah. And I mean, I'm telling him, I know it's hard. It's hard for me to, our life is different now and it's not gonna be the same. But we have,
Nurse: And that adjusting is in him losing his driving privileges. All those adjustments are difficult. It's all independence and, but, but as people get older it's, it's like acceptance, you know, you just say, well, I'm not [PHI-Personal] anymore, you know, we're not [PHI-Personal] anymore. We have to, we have to accept that and, and be grateful for what we have and, and the mobility and everything that we have and, and just keep going
Patient: In our own house. That's right. Brother. Go home. I work there. I understand you
Nurse: Do and think about all the people that are immobile at, at, uh, you know, younger ages that can't walk and can't, you know, they have strokes, they can't do anything. You know, there, there's a lot that could happen in, in those years. Yeah.
Patient: But of course it still doesn't help his situation.
Nurse: No, it doesn't. It doesn't. And I get that too. It is
Patient: Hard. And I do understand until you put yourself in somebody's place. It's exactly,
Nurse: It's easy to say this and you could say, ok, that's true. But you know what, I don't like what's going on with me and I, that's what I have to live with. So that's the way it is too. Yeah, it is. Yeah.
Patient: But what, it's strange, the more people you talk to, everybody's got their cross to bear and it's sad. But it's true. It is
Nurse: True. And we all do. Yep. Everybody has stuff going on. Especially since this COVID stuff has really caused a lot of havoc for people's lives. It's been terrible and I don't think
Patient: It, well, I don't know. I'm not saying it's never going to get over with it. It'll get, it'll lessen. But I think we're always gonna have viruses and for, for some reason now everybody's more aware of it. You know what I mean? Yeah,
Nurse: It's, it's, it's definitely a wake up call and, um, yeah, I think I, I see improvement but we saw improvement before and we got slapped. So, who knows? I don't know. I just take it a day at a time. I don't even try to make speculations anymore.
Patient: I have kids in school but my daughter's a school teacher and she said, oh, I'll just be glad when they get stupid, man. You listen, I don't have to deal with that. So, because I don't work anymore. But I said, I know it's got to be a pain trying to.
Nurse: It is. And the kids are, well, they're used to it now, I feel but it's still, it's like,
Patient: I think they're better than the,
Nurse: Yeah, I do too. They're fine with it actually. They, they're all just, they just put them on and they're used to it. Yeah. They
Patient: Just like, oh, ok. They got their mask on. I, the novelty to them.
Nurse: They were like Spiderman ones and, yeah, they don't,
Patient: The big kids but the little ones I think they kind of like it. They
Nurse: Don't mind it. No, they don't care. They just wear them because they know they're supposed to. All right. Yeah. Yeah. I think the adults are worse for sure
Patient: Routine for them, like brushing their teeth, you know. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. It's just a rule and they follow, you know, it's a rule. So they just say ok,
Patient: Ok. I read my nurse call and doctor [PHI-Personal] nurse. She goes, well, now, what are they calling about now for, if there's something else wrong? Because you have so many people.
Nurse: I know all his BP readings. Yeah, they were just following up. Yeah, they look good actually. Yeah. Yeah.
Patient: Good. But my question is, you know, is he always gonna have these little infections? I mean, I don't know. I don't know. They don't know how to answer that. Probably doesn't either. It's just, it's just the way it is. It's hard to say going on down there, you know,
Nurse: You just, you just don't know. You don't know. I don't, my main
Patient: Thought is you got to keep drinking water. I think you've been slacking off on the water. And so, you know, of course it's going to develop,
Nurse: You know, and most people don't drink enough water to drink that. Yeah. Most, most people do not drink enough. I mean, you don't drink too much, especially with him with kidney issues, but most people don't even drink enough when you think about it. They really don't. So, drinking enough fluids is huge. So, yeah, drink enough water is important for sure, for sure. So. Ok. Well, thanks for calling me Doc. I appreciate it. Ok, you guys take care. Thank you. Bye now.
