Nurse: Remote monitoring nurse, [PHI-Personal]. How can I help you?
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. This is, I'm returning your call. Um, the, the high reading yesterday I attributed to, um, she had just came from, uh, you know, a fairly long walk for her, from the back bathroom to the living room and I did it like minutes after that. So I attributed that possibly to the higher one yesterday. Um, I meant to do it like 15 minutes later, but I forgot. And then the evening reading was ok. The early reading, the first early reading today was done by the, uh, physical therapist [PHI-Personal]. Um, that was before she had that, uh, that was before the medication was probably in her system. So that was a tad high. And then I had done it about an hour later and it came down, excuse me, it came down again to, um, yeah, it was the one yesterday, last night, it was the 1 65/100 that was really after she had exerted herself. I believe that was attributed to that. And the 1 55/96 was before her medication was in her. And I did it about an hour after it was, and it dropped down to 1 45/88 which it had higher up top than it has been. But um both oximeter readings were 96 and 95. Um I meant to ask you since I have a professional, is it normal for you place the oximeter on the finger and you know, it'll be 92 93. And I'm saying, jeez, you know, that's low and as I leave it on there longer it, it will always go to a, you know, a much safer number as [PHI-Account]. I was wondering if that's usually the case.
Nurse: Yeah, that's pretty normal. Right? Yeah.
Patient: So you wanna give it 30 seconds on there, say, you know, you don't wanna just put it on and take the number and take it right back off.
Nurse: Right. Yeah, you wanna wait for the best reading and that, that does, um, happen for most people too, you know. So, yeah, that's totally normal.
Patient: Yeah. Ok. Good. Yeah, she's been doing pretty good. She, she got pretty, uh, you know, she had to get reassessed for, uh, authorization for uh, continue physical therapy and, um, I'm pretty sure definitely gonna continue, um, from, uh, clinical does that and then [PHI-Personal] is the one that actually does the physical therapy. He's great. I mean, when she was in the hospital he called him like every day just to see how she was doing, he's really good with her. He has this, um, he gets her over in front of the sink. I call it sink dancing and, you know, puts on some coma or Frank Sinatra and has her, you know, getting up and down and kind of basically almost like dancing and she seems to enjoy it. Yeah. And, um, she's, she broke, she was on her feet on, on her feet for 15 minutes. That was like a new record. Um, the last time he was here last week. So, I mean, that's holding on to the sink, but it's very safe there. You know, the, the only place she can go is back into the wheelchair and she's got the sink to hold on to. It's a really interesting technique. Um, I guess that he just came up with on his own. Um, but he's a, he's a great guy. So, um, yeah, and she, you know, the wheelchair has the locks and it's been, it's been, um, I'm sorry, I'm watching these drag queens in the military and in the back of the screen and it's disgusting me. But, um, the wheelchair we, you know, tighten the brakes even more and my dad has the habit of like lifting it and kind of jerking it into a position like at the table without him doing the brakes. So she said she thinks she can get her a new wheelchair too, um, through authorization or whatever. So that would be great. But, um, I just wanted to get back to you. I just got your message. I was on, uh, on whatsapp. But, um, yeah, I think they were two anomalies, so to speak. And, um, I'll continue to, uh, you know, try to do it and make sure these medicines in her and, you know, like I said, if it's high, yeah, 15 minutes later I'll try to do it.
Nurse: Awesome. Yeah. Uh, like I said, you know, I noticed it was higher than usual, so I just wanted to call and make sure she was. Ok.
Patient: Well, really makes me feel good that you guys are really on the ball and I'm always been happy with, uh, you know, the care we're getting through, through general and, and doctor and her staff and, uh, I have my own tele televisit coming up with, uh, I never met her before. One of the Pas [PHI-Personal]. I forget the last name. I don't know, there was a before but so because I just had a series of blood work done and I wanted to see how, uh, how that all went. So, um, end up being in shape.
Nurse: Oh, let's not say that. But, um, just to confirm she's not having any dizziness, shortness of breath or, um, you know, blood spots in her eyes or anything. Right? Ok.
Patient: No. And, and, uh, the headaches have, uh, definitely dissipated almost completely and, oh, good. She'll complain about her eye, but I think it's kind of just like that dryness in the corner of the eye like we all get sleep and sleep eye. I call it and get a, you know, moist, moist cloth and let her dab it, you know. So she's been doing better. She's doing better.
Nurse: Awesome. So glad to hear that. Thank you for returning my phone call and we'll keep an eye out on her. Ok?
Patient: I appreciate it, [PHI-Personal]. Thank you very much. Have a good weekend.
Nurse: You too. Alright. Bye
Patient: Bye bye.
