Nurse: [PHI-Personal] Cod healthcare. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal]. Sorry to found you. This is [PHI-Personal] and uh we've talked a number of times about a little bit. I just had a question for you. I left you a message a while ago. Um which is I know that uh you mentioned that the statin is uh you know, that I can't take that during the same time. The pharmacist said the same things pro tamsulosin, which I also take. So my question is uh I did take tamsulosin this morning and I took the, the atorvastatin last night. Should I wait till tomorrow morning to start taking it or should I start this evening?
Nurse: That's a great question. I don't wanna tell you wrong on that either. Uh
Patient: I mean, it's probably the safest is to wait until tomorrow, but that is the fifth day. I believe you can, you can start it within five days. Is that right?
Nurse: Well, I know we had another patient who was on the fence about taking it on the fifth day and I think doctor said if symptoms are resolving to hold it, but I, I guess that would probably be based on you know, each case. But, uh, are you still symptomatic?
Patient: Well, I'm still, I mean, I'm symp, you know, it's not super, I'm not, I've never been super symptomatic. I feel a little foggy. I'm tired but I just flew back from [PHI-Geographic] as well. I, uh, I have a little bit of a cough. I still have a stuffy nose, you know. I mean, I, it's like having, if, if running around and say, ok, I got a nasty cold and I'll, I'll get through this, you know. Um, so, yeah, I still have some symptoms but they haven't, I haven't noticed them getting worse if that's a question. I don't, I haven't noticed them resolving either.
Nurse: All right. Ok. [PHI-Personal], let me ask doctor about that because I don't wanna tell you wrong. So, you took atorvastatin last night?
Patient: Yeah, I took sin last night and I took tamsulosin this morning. Now, today my symptoms began on Sunday so I didn't test positive until Tuesday, but I started having, you know, really runny nose on Sunday. And by Sunday night I clearly had something wasn't quite right and I waited another day and then I did the test. So I'm like, I'm guessing that this being Wednesday, this would be day four, somewhere in day four, tomorrow morning would be day five.
Nurse: Ok. All right. Let me talk to doctor about that and you and I will touch base later this afternoon. That'd
Patient: Be great. I'd appreciate that. Ok, and I'll look forward to hear from you. So you'll call me one way or another. You let me
Nurse: Know I should be able to call. I'm gonna try to work a little later again today because I'm very behind on some things um that no, that's, that's fine, but I will um I will touch base with you. I'll send this to him, see what he has to say and then you and I will touch base when I have an answer.
Patient: Thank you very much. I appreciate it. Take care. You're
Nurse: Welcome, Gerry. Not a problem. Bye bye.
