Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal]. Hello. Can you hear me? Hello? Hello? Hi. Can you hear me? I can, I can hear you. Are you not able to hear me? I can now. Yes, ma'am. Ok. That's weird. I know. Sorry. That's ok. Well, this, the call was left a message for [PHI-Personal], my husband. Yes, ma'am. What is it? A, uh, is it an appointment? It's not appointment. So, let me pull up his chart because I actually had him up a few minutes ago and it's not a, um, an appointment. It's where the nurse, the designated nurse can give him a call once a month. Um, just to check on him to see how he's doing if he's had any, um, changes or anything that's come up. Excuse me? I just started sneezing. So my voice is, um, yes, I had a sneeze and fit. Um, but it's doctor is wanting him to have this, um, basically just so that the nurse can call and doctor [PHI-Personal] can be, um, up to date with his health in between the office visits. Oh, that's nice. That's nice. I'll let you, I'll let you talk to him and you can just can. Do you have any, you need to talk to him about your, your shaking?
Patient: Hello?
Nurse: Hi, this is [PHI-Personal]. How are you? Good. How are you? I'm good. So, I was telling your wife about the care management program that doctor [PHI-Personal] is wanting. Um, and what it is, it's on a recorded line, but what he's wanting is his designated nurse to be, give you a call once a month just to see how you're feeling. Um, if there's any changes or any concerns that come up and she puts everything straight back to doctor. Oh, ok. And then, uh, you're on the Humana Choice PPO, correct. That's correct. Ok. So it is billable under that. But I show, I think you have a $0 copay. Um, and then the nurse can morning or afternoon and if there's something going on right now, I can definitely put a message in into her as well.
Patient: Ok. Uh, uh, usually in the mornings when I wake up, I don't know if it's my BP or what, but I feel pretty
Nurse: Shaky. Ok. Yeah. And you said it's just first thing in the morning,
Patient: Usually just in the morning, I mean, it'll last a couple hours, you know? Ok. And, and I usually take my pills in the morning.
Nurse: Ok. I was about to ask that. Yeah. Ok. Let me put a message into her and see if maybe they want you to take your medicine at a different time, um, or even keeping track of your pressure. And could she give you a call tomorrow morning? That'll be fine. Ok. And then, um, I'm also going to mail a letter to you that will, um, have all this information on there and it'll also have the nurse's direct phone number for you and your wife. So any time if y'all have any questions or concerns you'll be able to reach out to her directly. Ok. And I'll mail that to the [PHI-Account]. That's right. Ok and this is available for um your wife as well. So yeah, so it is available for both of y'all if you're y'all are both ok with the nurse giving you a call she can call at the same time.
Patient: Ok, that's that's great.
Nurse: Ok and like I said, I'll get that letter mailed out to y'all so you'll have her direct number as well. Alright. Alright and I'll have her give you a call tomorrow morning and we can figure out what's going on with your BP.
Patient: Ok, thank you very much.
Nurse: You're so welcome. You all have a wonderful night. Ok, you too. Thank you. Thank you bye
Patient: Bye.
