Nurse: Hello, Care Management. This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hi, this is you had just called and left a message.
Nurse: Oh, yes. How are you? Fine, good. So, yes, I was reaching out to give you information about the care management program that the doctors are offering. Ok. Um, so what's involved with that is the doctor would just give you a care management nurse. And what she does is she would just give you a follow up phone call in between those office visits. Ok. Um, so she basically calls just to make sure nothing has really been changing with your health in between those appointments. Um, she's also there to help discuss and address any issues or concerns that might have just come up. Um, or if you just had questions in general and then she also goes over any kind of medications with you that you might be on. Um, and if you are, she will ask you how they've been working for you or if you've had any issues with any of them and she'll also call and get them refilled for you as well if you need her to. Ok. Um, and then what she does after every phone call. Um, she will go back and report everything, um, you know, to the doctor or [PHI-Personal]. Um So this way they're always kept updated and aware of anything
Patient: That [PHI-Personal] is not there anymore.
Nurse: Right. [PHI-Personal] took over. Yes. Right. Ok. Yes. Sorry, I just seen that here. Um I'm so used to saying [PHI-Personal].
Patient: I really liked her. I was sorry to hear that she wasn't there anymore.
Nurse: I know, I know a lot of, a lot of, uh, patients I talked to said that. Um, but yeah, so the nurse will go back and report everything to them. Um, you know, just this way, you know, it helps them to better manage your health that way. And also they just wanna make sure that you're staying as healthy as possible. Is that all? Yep. And then there is one thing else. Um, so all Medicare insurances cover this program. Ok. So what they do is they do treat it as like an office visit. Um, so it is billable to all Medicare. Um, it may be subject to a deductible or copay if you were to have any of that when you went in the, to the office. Um, but with that, you can choose how often the nurse calls. So it can be anywhere from like once a month, every two months, three months or once every six months. And that is totally up to you.
Patient: Ok. Well, basically, now my main problems are with my lungs and my pulmonologist takes care of those.
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: So I think otherwise I would benefit just coming into the office when I needed to.
Nurse: Ok. Um, so what I can do for you, I will just send you a copy of all the information on the program. So if anything does change down the road, you can contact us at any time. Ok, I appreciate that. Alrighty. Well, thank you so much for calling me back and I hope you enjoy the rest of your afternoon.
Patient: You too. Thank you so much.
Nurse: You're welcome. Bye bye. Ok, bye bye.
