Nurse: Thank you for calling [PHI-Geographic]. My name is [PHI-Personal]. How may I help you?
Patient: Hi, [PHI-Personal], this is [PHI-Personal] and I you or somebody called my phone number regarding uh Tampa General benefit through our doctor, doctor.
Nurse: Yes, I just called you. So let me get you pulled right back up. Give me one second. Ok. All right. So we are on a recorded line for quality purposes. But the reason for my call today is doctor, doctor is providing a care management program that she thought that you could benefit from. And what that is, it's where a dedicated nurse will call you in between office visits. She'll provide you with any assistance on your current health conditions. She can help with medications, lab results and community resources. What the care nurse will do is she'll call check in, see how you're doing, make sure everything's going ok and that you're doing well and while she's on the phone, she'll document your responses and provide a direct report to doctor. Doctor these reports, help doctor doctor to stay up to date on your wellbeing. And if she sees anything of concern in those reports, she'll make sure it does get addressed right away
Patient: And this is not. Yeah. Yeah. Without you going into detail, we're, we're with [PHI-Personal] and [PHI-Personal] has offered that same service before and we actually met with the nurse. I found that to be completely not, not beneficial to me. My wife and I are extremely cognizant about our health. We see regular specialist all the time. So we are 100% on top of everything that we're involved in.
Nurse: Ok. Would you like me to send you any additional information in case you need the program in the future?
Patient: No, I mean, you know, at some point when I get to the point where I'm a little less capable, but right now we're extremely active. We go kayaking, we have RVS and we, we're gonna travel for the summer, which what we do almost every year. So we're, we're extremely active.
Nurse: Ok. Not a problem at all. If you do ever need the program, just let doctor doctor know. Ok.
Patient: Will do. Thank you much. You're
Nurse: Welcome. Bye
Patient: Bye bye.
