Nurse: This is [PHI-Personal].
Patient: Hello. Hello. How are you? Good. Uh My name's [PHI-Personal]. I usually talk to [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: I'm helping her out today. Um
Patient: I'm just calling about my blood work.
Nurse: Ok. Well, let's see what we can find out.
Patient: I hope it's good.
Nurse: Let's see. Can you confirm your date of birth just to make sure I got the right one.
Patient: [PHI-Account]. Perfect. Yes, I'm an old man.
Nurse: I didn't say it. Uh No, no, don't accuse me of that.
Patient: You don't have to. I did.
Nurse: Ok. All right. Let's see.
Patient: Yeah, I went to my TV die.
Nurse: All right. So doctor [PHI-Personal] reviewed them. She said that your A one C is elevated, that's the three month average of your blood sugar levels. It's at 6.9 and we want it to be so be five point 6 to 56.5 is prediabetic 6.6 and higher is diabetic status. Ok. So she wants you to start a medicine called glipiZIDE. Um It is, you'll take one pill every day. Um, that is a long extended release pill and that will help to lower those glucose levels. Ok? Uh
Patient: Was that was, that prescription sent, sent in,
Nurse: It was sent to [PHI-Geographic]. Ok. Um It says that also that the rest of your labs overall were stable, including a slightly slight decrease in kidney function. So your kidney function le levels were a little low. So she wants you to stay hydrated and drink. Um, she says up to 64 ounces of water a day.
Patient: Well, that's a lot of water. It
Nurse: Is, It is. Um, you can do, you know, like the flavoring packets and stuff to kind of help, vary it, but make sure whenever if you do use any flavoring and stuff, you make sure that it is not sweetened, make sure it has no sugar in it. Um,
Patient: I've been drinking some of that vitamin water is too much of that. No good or
Nurse: It's, yeah, that's not very, it's good for like your electrolytes, but it does have a lot of sugar in it. Even the no sugar added ones. They have, um, whatever they take out of a substance, they have to replace it with something. So they put in it a more diabetic friendly sugar, but it's still a sugar and because it has so much electrolytes, uh, it probably has carb. Carbs as well, which carbs turn into sugar. Carbs give you energy, but carbs also turn into sugar and so that could be what's affecting your diabetes or affecting your A one C level.
Patient: Um, and I kind of stay away from that.
Nurse: Yeah. So you can drink it in moderation just, I wouldn't drink it a whole lot.
Patient: Um, one or two of them a day sometimes.
Nurse: Yeah. I, I would not do that. I would do, like, maybe one every other day. Um, Gatorade and [PHI-Geographic] are similar to the vitamin water, you know, but they also have a lot of sugar and they have carbohydrates so they're meant for more, um, you know, ener energy, energetic and, you know, it's like sports and stuff like that. And so they have that extra carb in there, which, as I said, carbs turn to sugar.
Patient: Well, I was, I went back to drinking pretty much beer again. II, I got kind of got off, I was a big, real big beer drinker and I, I beer. Yeah. Enjoy beer.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, I mean, a lot of people just enjoy that and ok, so long as it's, you know, controlled it's fine. But, um, a lot of people don't like to hear it but if you do have, like the craving for the beer, um, or whatnot. Milo Ultra is the best option. Uh, it is, it has the least carbs and is the most diabetic friendly. Um, I have an uncle who's very brittle diabetic but he plays in a pool pool league and, you know, he, he enjoys that beer when he goes and plays pool every week and stuff and sometimes he'll call me and he'll be like, my sugar is so high, but I'm going to play pool. What do I do? And I'm like, well, well, so, yeah, so
Patient: This for a couple of years I've obtained Lyme Lyme Disease issues. Oh, yeah. It was in me, in me for a long time and didn't know it until I was diagnosed. So I have some issues, uh, bathroom in the morning. Mhm. Kind of like a Crohn's watch. Gotta watch what I eat. I try and eat a lot of [PHI-Personal] in the morning.
Nurse: Fruit is another one to be very cautious with. So, [PHI-Personal] typically is great, healthy, but [PHI-Personal] also has a lot of sugar.
Patient: Ok. So I, some of that too.
Nurse: Yes. Uh, unfortunately it's kind of at this point. You're like, ok. So what do I eat? But, uh, [PHI-Personal], everything is more or less about portion in moderation. Um, [PHI-Personal], like I said, can be great but has a lot of sugar. Bananas and melons typically have the most sugar.
Patient: Well, that's good to know you just, I eat a banana and I eat some melon. Yeah.
Nurse: See, there we go, man. You're like a billboard. So, uh, but, um, so, yeah, just, it's ok just in moderation. Um, but the better, more or less, unfortunately, the better it tastes, the worse it is probably.
Patient: Yeah, I was, I, I was, I was always a big eater. I was always a big man. I was up to 300 lbs at one time.
Nurse: Yeah. My, my, my boyfriend is [PHI-Personal] and he's 300 lbs and he's, you know, but he's like, hey, whatever, I'm happy and I'm like, ok. I mean,
Patient: The slab of fat on the edge of it. 00, God. Oh,
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah,
Patient: I'm an old one
Nurse: [PHI-Personal]. Uh, see, there we go. Yep. I'm, I'm more country than city so I can completely relate but
Patient: Came from [PHI-Geographic] and moved to [PHI-Geographic].
Nurse: Oh, ok. Well, I actually live in [PHI-Geographic] City. So, yeah, we're all over the nation. Um, we work remotely but I actually live like on the outskirts and so we have a little bit of land and, um, some chickens and ducks and stuff. But yeah, I can understand those, uh, good corn, corn bread meals. So, about
Patient: [PHI-Geographic] acres and a beautiful [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Oh, that's amazing. That's great.
Patient: Well, I bought another beautiful home here too. We moved here for my daughter. My daughter went to fit in [PHI-Geographic] and she did real well. And now she, uh, she owns a bride of [PHI-Personal] in [PHI-Geographic].
Nurse: Mm. Nice.
Patient: Well, and my, my wife, we opened a store for her because she got out of the insurance business. She was in that for 45 years and now she has a little, a little lady's store out in front of the building that we bought. So, uh, I came over here because my [PHI-Personal], my daughter's kind of helps take care of me.
Nurse: Nice. Well, I mean, that's, that's good to have a support system. So, um, that's, that's really good little
Patient: Store she has is just gorgeous, nice 10,000, 10,000 square foot building I bought.
Nurse: Yeah. No, that's not little. No, but that, that is really great. Yeah, she has
Patient: Pay, pay the bills on it and, uh, but the store's doing well. My wife's is gradually getting there. It's a cute little store that, that, that my wife has. It's a lady store.
Nurse: It's
Patient: Right on [PHI-Account] in town.
Nurse: That's fun. That's really nice. Yeah.
Patient: And I live, live three miles from the store.
Nurse: Oh, that's helpful. So, if there's ever, you know, they, they need help or an issue or something, it's, that's, that's really good. That's
Patient: Helpful. So, I got a pool in the back yard. I was doing good because I was swimming every day. Mhm. I used to ride a bicycle when I got Lymes Disease. I was in the process of getting into bicycling. Uh, I was riding, uh, anywhere from 15 to 20 miles every day. Mhm.
Nurse: Well, you know, so exercising again, I know it's really hard, like you said, with your Lyme disease. That is a, a tough one. Most people don't know a whole lot about it and it affects a lot that you wouldn't think of. But exercising again just in general, just any type of cardio will help your, the your sugar numbers. I mean, you're not that far out of range. 6.96 0.6 is, is the cut off. So also as we're talking about food fiber, if you eat fiber, it helps to control the blood sugar levels. And it also helps with cholesterol because the fiber attaches to those trans fat, which is part of your cholesterol and helps to it like they bind together so the body can expel it so
Patient: Good for me to maybe go to a nutritionist.
Nurse: Yeah. I mean, that would be a, an option. I would, I would find out maybe from your insurance first if they would even cover that because those can get very pricey very quick because usually they want you to come back quite often and stuff. But that really is a great option. Um, the American Heart Association website has some amazing recipes and I know it's more for diabetes that you're looking for, but they have, and they focus a lot on just heart healthy but it kind of all rolls into one. And I do believe that they have a section for diabetes as well. So I would check that out. The American Heart Association.
Patient: I got a book. 00, maybe four or five years ago from, uh, from a doctor. It's called, uh, Blood Type A food beverages and supplement list.
Nurse: Yeah, that's not gonna have much to do with this. That's just to rebuild blood cells. There are diet, specific diets for specific blood types just to help maintain your blood cells healthy. That's not really gonna affect the diabetes much. But there is a book out that is really helpful. Um, I read it just little bits here and there and stuff. It's called Eat This. Not that. And it has an orange cover and it has a lot of substitutions and it's for real life stuff. It's not like some, I don't know tofu or whatever. It's for like one that I, I remember the most is ice cream. It actually said that Edie's slow churn. Ice cream is the healthiest possibility for ice cream, which I thought was interesting because slow churn usually means creamy rich, you know, full of sugar. But it actually was the healthiest and even if, you know, ice cream is not your forte that it still has so many different subjects in there. They, it'll just make you go. Wow.
Patient: Ok. Bought yogurt yogurt.
Nurse: Yogurt is ok. Stay away from the extremely flavored ones like, you know, the, I don't know the birthday cake or Boston cream pie flavored or whatnot. Uh Greek Yogurt is the best Greek yogurt and they do have flavorings of that. Um But vanilla would be the best to go for flavored. Um Plain yogurt is kind of gross, in my opinion. Uh But yeah, yogurt would be a good option if you do. You could also do, um, do you eat oatmeal at all No. Ok. Well, um, I found these, it's overnight oats and you mix like some yogurt milk oatmeal and different bits of fresh [PHI-Personal]. Like you do like blueberries or strawberries or whatever. There's tons of recipes out there and you put them into like little mason jars basically. And you just put them in the fridge and you pull them out and I'm like, cold oatmeal. I don't know about this, but it actually was really good and it kind of had like a yogurt par um, thought process with it. It tasted like kind of like a yogurt buffet. But the oats in it is fiber. It's brand. And so that would help with the sugar levels as well as
Patient: Cholesterol. They pretty much told me with what happened with my lyme, affected my immune system. Uh huh. And uh they told me to stay away from bread, red beer. That was pretty much the main things they told me to stay away from. The
Nurse: Bread is very refined. It's very processed. Um, even though it's a grain, it's very processed and it's hard for the body to digest. Um And yeah, so that's that, you know, you talk about getting in the morning, go to the bathroom and stuff that's in the Crohn like issues that bread would intensify that. But oats are more, um, natural, less processed.
Patient: So, if I go into a bread and I eat like an oat bread,
Nurse: That would be the best option. Yeah, oat or [PHI-Personal] is not a super good option, but it's ok. It's better than just like plain white. But rye bread is also, um, can be more dense and so that's more processed. It's more ground up oats. So, the more that, so if you take, you know, oats and you put them in a, a grinder and you grind them up to make rye bread or the different things, the more you grind it, the less nutritional factor they le they lose because instead of having one chunk of an oat you're having, you know, millions of little bitty, tiny pieces that you just don't get the same benefit from.
Patient: Well, I, I draw my own [PHI-Personal]. Oh, yeah, I draw peach and apples. I, I like fried apples. I got a recipe. I, I make fried apples but I use that. I don't really eat it just as so I'll put it in. Uh, I use it on pork a lot.
Nurse: Uh huh. Uh, do you eat dehydrated [PHI-Personal]? Like [PHI-Personal] apples?
Patient: No, I never t, never really got a attached to [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: So,
Patient: [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal] is better for me.
Nurse: Yeah. Dried [PHI-Personal] is better because a lot of the sugar is in the moisture. That's why melons are one of the worst because they're very moist. Bananas are very moist. So, a lot of the sugar is in the moisture. So, um, if you [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal] is better option and if you take an apple and you just slice it, um, you know, real thin, just little like sheets of apple. Like if you're making a apple crisp or something, Sprinkle a little sh uh cinnamon on it. And if you dry them like that, it takes, I don't know, it takes anywhere from about 6 to 8 hours to dry them. You dry them like dehydrate them. They are really, they're, they're really good. They're little apple crisps and they're good. But if you buy them from the store instead of just cinnamon on them, they put sugar as well. So it only really works. If you make them yourself, you can put them in the oven to bake them too on low heat. Um, but they're very great source of fiber and the cinnamon helps to regulate blood sugar and BP and they are actually very filling. I'll make some of those up and I'll put them in little snack. Uh Ziploc and then whenever we, you know, want a snack or my, my kids want, you know, something quick or whatever, just grab a bag of them and you're good to go. So, um
Patient: [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal]. We go to a store over in uh oh God where it, it's [PHI-Personal] and they have a real big section of [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Uh huh. So, so yeah, the [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Personal] would be the better option, like I said, just be very careful with buying it already done because a lot of times they wanna get that extra, you know, attention grabber. So they put that sweet sugar on there to help dry it out.
Patient: Right. What was the name of that book? You book?
Nurse: Eat this? Not that
Patient: Ok, I'll have to write that down and look for it.
Nurse: Yeah, it's got a bright orange cover. Um, it's about like a, I don't know, [PHI-Account] by [PHI-Account] or eight by eight square. Um, it's a, it's a good book. It has a, and it has like restaurant tips in it too of, you know, if you go to a restaurant you normally want this. Well, try this and it's better for you. But it's still has, you know, it's a lot like what you want. So, it's really helpful.
Patient: It did real well in the beginning because I followed my orders. I was moderate on, on most things I did well, but II, I moved away from my house and I moved over here and I met, you got [PHI-Personal]. Well, I'm, I'm very busy. Mhm. I, I can't, I can't sit still if I sit still. I get in trouble. Yeah.
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah, I
Patient: Was a busy man. Yeah, I work [PHI-Account] or seven days a week for 36.5 years in a steel mill. I, I left there because of my health but I was still always busy. I always have a tour. I always had a, something to do. I always have a list And when I come over here I'm helping these guys. Well, I'm drinking beer with them, you know. Mhm. Mhm. I'm in a lot of trouble.
Nurse: Yup. Yup. Indeed. Um, if you need to be careful though, whenever you start this medicine being that it is a long release medicine, you shouldn't have really any problems, but you do need to be aware that, um, at time it could make you, your blood sugar drop low. And so if you feel uh dizzy, lightheaded, if your skin feels clammy, unable to focus, then you need to check. Do you have like a blood sugar monitor at home? No. Ok. So you may, you may look into investing in one. They're not very expensive anymore. Just the basic cheapy one from Walmart is fine but um just just to have one around just in case because uh at that point, you could check your blood sugar. So ideally your blood sugar should be like in the um between like 101 10. So, but low dangerous levels is anything lower than 90. Um If it gets down to like 60 that's really low. So you don't really want it to go below 90 but uh check it, you know. Well, my,
Patient: My wife understands that because her, her mother and father were diabetic especially
Nurse: If yeah. So the, it says on the lab range, the lab advises that the sugar range should be between 71 10 at your most recent labs, your glucose level was 1 59 and now that's based off of a fasting lab level. So, whenever you haven't eaten, it should be between 71 10. And then ideally within about two hours after eating, it would be back to a basic level. Um, is the overall goal. But, um, yeah, I would get a, a glucose monitor just to have on hand in case if you ever feel any symptoms and so forth of low blood sugar, you can check it. If you do have low blood sugar ever, then you need to eat a instant sugar followed by protein. Um So you could eat, you know, most, most helpful is like a glass of orange juice or if you just keep a can of Coke, coke around um just for emergencies and that would be like an instant sugar. So any type of instant sugar followed by a protein cause the protein will level you back out cause you don't want your sugar to spike way high because you just ate sugar and then it'll drop again. You'll be on this like roller coaster or sugar. So, sugar followed by a protein, protein will balance it out.
Patient: Right. Well, my wife and I want to look, look into different books to, to change my trying to get her to help me along with this stuff because she, she don't have no trouble with stuff. Yeah. You know, you're getting older too. Yeah. Yeah. See what your mother, her mother's [PHI-Personal] and she's sharp as attack. Yeah. Yeahs. Car in the day time. She, she's sharp as attack.
Nurse: Yep. That's, that's pretty amazing. Well, I'm gonna send, I'm gonna look, we have some great, like, education stuff. Just some, like little tips. I'm gonna look and see what we have and I'm gonna send you some stuff in the mail. Um, so you can be expecting that, pick that prescription up from the [PHI-Geographic] and um, let us know if you have any, any issues, any concerns any questions or anything, call us back.
Patient: Yeah, you people are good to me over there since I come over here we found you because you are just down the street from us. Yeah,
Nurse: That's
Patient: Great. Right on Colonial [PHI-Geographic]. Uh-huh uh-huh doctor. She, she spanks me every now and then she gives you, she gives me, she keeps you in check. Yeah, verbal spanking.
Nurse: Yep. Yep. Keeps you in check. All right. All right. Well, if you need anything else, let us know otherwise that
Patient: Would be really, really nice. If you could send me some stuff that would be super helpful.
Nurse: Yep, I'll, I'll see what we have available. Um I haven't checked the full like there's so much information but I'll see what we have and I'll send you some
Patient: Stuff. All right. Thank you very much. Appreciate
Nurse: It. All right. Yes, sir. Bye.
Patient: Thank you. Bye.
