Nurse: Hi, how are you?
Patient: Hi, this
Nurse: Is, it's [PHI-Personal]. How are you now?
Patient: Well, I'm some better. I still have some, uh, singing when I pee. You do and, and, um, I'm getting a sore throat. So. Oh, no, I can't win.
Nurse: I know. So, you still feel some burning with urination?
Patient: Yeah.
Nurse: How is the urgency and frequency?
Patient: Oh, the urgency. It's, and the frequency is less and, and I just have to hurry up and get to the bathroom when I feel it. So that, that night after I first started taking the medicine was really bad.
Nurse: Yeah. You told me, you said that you have never felt pain like that.
Patient: Yeah. And I don't know how much I told you but I was throwing up and eating and I fell and I couldn't get up and I was caught by the side of the bed and I couldn't get up. So I tried to get into the bathroom and I was finally able to get up off the ground and get in there and I thought, I think I'm gonna die. Oh, I finally was able to get up off the floor and I, I realized then after I heard that, that, that I wasn't supposed to be taking that with another, that particular drug with another drug that I was taking
Nurse: The Hira when you stopped, when you stopped the hip. Did you have improvement in the nausea and vomiting?
Patient: Yes, I did. You did? Ok. And, um, I feel a lot better from that. I felt, I just had a hard night and I kept wetting my clothes. Ok.
Nurse: So today, how is the incontinence? Are you still having
Patient: Incontinence? Um I'm still having the, the rush to get to the bathroom,
Nurse: But you're not having much incontinence.
Patient: No.
Nurse: Ok. So the incontinence has also
Patient: Improved. Yes, I think I have, I just, I worry now that I don't have enough medicine. Oh, that's ok.
Nurse: Yeah. So, now do you have, um, do you feel like it's has an odor or does it look cloudy?
Patient: Um, it doesn't same too?
Nurse: Ok. But the frequency and urgency is still kind of there. Um, how about, are you able to start a stream of urine when you go?
Patient: Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. And is it a good amount that comes out
Patient: Late this afternoon? It was not, it had been going like crazy. And then I went in there, I ran in there this afternoon and I was really relieved that I was not having any problem going. Ok.
Nurse: Now you're having a little bit more difficulty. Yeah. Ok. Ok. Um, and then you had the nausea and vomiting the first night, but once you stop the hire that's improved. So you're not experiencing any of those symptoms anymore. Um, and with the fall, did you have any injuries, like heavy bruising or anything?
Patient: I had some soreness. It was like I fell, uh, beside the bed and I grabbed the bed and hurt my shoulder and my elbow and my hip.
Nurse: Which side your right side.
Patient: Yeah, all on my right side. And the next day I felt it more. Ok. And so I, I knew why and I think any time, you know why something has happened, you and accept it better. And so I, I had such weakness in my legs that I just, I couldn't do anything. And once I got on the toilet that night I couldn't get up. I was just so weak
Nurse: But the, and the weakness is better.
Patient: Yeah.
Nurse: Ok. And the muscle, the muscle soreness like from falling. Did you have bruising or swelling?
Patient: I didn't even look to see if I had swelling but I, I did have some, some, uh, soreness. How about
Nurse: Bruises?
Patient: Mm. I don't think so. Oh, let me just look.
Nurse: Ok. And is the soreness still there?
Patient: Um, no, it's going away. Ok.
Nurse: Are you, you can take Tylenol for that if you want to have you, did you take any Tylenol or hold any ice to your
Patient: Shoulder hip? I, I did take some Tylenol and it seemed after a couple of hours it seemed like it was helping me release that.
Nurse: Ok. So you, you can continue to take the Tylenol if you have to, um, you know, uh, you can take that if you need to, for, for the muscle pain. Ok. Um, initially you could have held the ice on, but now that's kind of passed. If you're still having a lot of muscle pain in the, you know, the hip or the shoulder, you could apply heat if you wanted. Do you feel like it's that you need to do that?
Patient: Mhm. I just feel like it takes so much effort to get up and go to the kitchen, get some ice or? Well,
Nurse: What about today? Like what about today? Do you feel like you need to apply heat today for the
Patient: Pain?
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: I have, I have a new, yeah, but lazy boy. So I'm just sitting here with my lazy boy.
Nurse: Ok. And then you are currently taking the Macrobid and how many days do you think you have left? Because it was only for five days?
Patient: I think tomorrow morning is my last one.
Nurse: Ok. I am gonna let doctor [PHI-Personal] know about this. Um, and see what she says. Now you said that you're getting a sore throat. I do you, when did that start?
Patient: Oh, this morning? And it was, it was like, it just came on like gangbusters. But now, I mean, I sat up in my chair and I my mouth feels so dry and I think it, I think maybe a dry mouth was resulting from uh medicine and then I slept with my mouth open and it caused um whatever else came the sore throat. But I have a um CPAP machine and that probably was a result of the CPAP machine and my, my mouth open.
Nurse: So, do you have any other respiratory symptoms? Like, do you feel nasal or chest congestion?
Patient: I've had some chest congestion. So you, do you do? Is
Nurse: That new? When did that start
Patient: Today? Ok. I, I'm a strong believer in mana, honey. Ok. And I, I take the strong, I have both the drops and some really strong when it, the honey. And so it seems like that's helping.
Nurse: Ok. Do you feel, are you having a cough at all?
Patient: I've had a cough today. Yes, I have. Is the cough
Nurse: Productive or,
Patient: Or? Yeah, it, it has, it has been.
Nurse: So what color is the mucus that's coming up?
Patient: It, it doesn't think it's just kind of a yuppy, bright,
Nurse: It's a gray colored mucus. Mhm. Ok. So mucus cough, the chest congestion and a sore throat. Um, no fever or body
Patient: Aches. Well, I just, the body aches I told you about
Nurse: From the fall. But what about like that generalized achiness? Like you feel like you have the flu?
Patient: I had a small, I don't, I don't even have my, I don't know where my um thermometer is so I didn't touch it. So, maybe
Nurse: Some, so maybe some mild body aches.
Patient: Yeah. Ok. And that, I didn't feel like I was, had the flu or anything. Ok.
Nurse: All right. And, um, no headache. Correct?
Patient: No.
Nurse: Ok. Um, and you
Patient: Know that, I don't think you're supposed to take, drink coffee or tea when you have this, but I had a little cup of coffee.
Nurse: What, when you were taking the Macrobid?
Patient: No, when you have it, um, congestion. Um, I don't know. My mind is going blank when you have a um, I'm sorry, the UT I Yeah,
Nurse: It's ok. It's as long as you're drinking fluid, um, it's ok. So I would encourage you to drink warm fluids. Um, because warm fluids like teas, um, that helps break up and thin that mucus.
Patient: Ok. That's ok. I have plenty, I have plenty hot water, the tea, I'm, I'm well equipped.
Nurse: Yeah. And then you obviously don't wanna take anything else over the counter. You wanna try the Manuka honey over the counter? Just for now. You'll try your honey.
Patient: Yeah, that stuff is like, it's, it's like a miracle. I, I know that you shouldn't, you're supposed to take it three times a day, the strong stuff. And um, it's really,
Nurse: So you'll take that over the weekend. We'll see how you do and feel with the congestion. But as far as that uti I want to let doctor know about the symptoms that you're still having. Ok, that and we will go from there.
Patient: Well, I appreciate your call.
Nurse: Of course, [PHI-Personal], of course. Um, once I hear back from her, I'll follow up with you. Of course, I'm only in the office until 5 30 but doctor [PHI-Personal] is known to reach out to her patients, you know, on her own or send over medication if needed. So, you know, don't be surprised if she does that. Ok.
Patient: Ok. that sounds good. All right
Nurse: Dear. Hang in there, we will talk soon. Ok.
Patient: Thank you so much. You're welcome. Bye bye.
