Nurse: Um, some service. Hello. Hi. Is this Doctor [PHI-Personal]
Patient: Office? Um, this is actually the complex care management nurse that works with Doctor [PHI-Personal] office.
Nurse: Ok, I received a call from you. I believe yesterday.
Patient: Give me just a second here to get your truck pulled up. Ok. Ok, [PHI-Personal]. Can you just tell me your date of birth? So I make sure I pulled up the correct chart.
Nurse: Sure. [PHI-Personal] [PHI-Account].
Patient: Perfect. Ok. So the reason that we were calling, um, we are complex care management nurses and we work with uh, Doctor [PHI-Personal] and the various providers of pro medica. We're not in the office with them. Um, but we are here with the goal to help manage complex medical conditions. So we are here typically reaching out about once a month to patients. Um, but we're always here in the event that they need us in between calls. Um, and we can help with any changes that you may experience. Um, and we're here to be a point person between yourself and the provider. So we can help with education and intervention for your medications or your conditions even if you should wake up one morning and you don't feel real well, we can help with things like,
Nurse: Um,
Patient: So we, yeah, so we, like I said, we typically reach out about once a month, but you're always welcome to give us a call in between then. Um, a lot of times our phone calls consist of kind of giving a call to touch base with patients and they're doing well. Um, and that's the extent of it and we love that. Um, but we also provide education during those calls as well.
Nurse: Ok. I have a question for you. We were under the impression that we had an appointment with Doctor [PHI-Personal] on Wednesday and she never called.
Patient: Let me pull up that part of the chart. I see. See, I don't see, I do not see one this month. I see an appointment on [PHI-Personal] a.m. with Doctor [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Ok. Um, wow. Yeah, I don't know what happened to that 11 30 appointment Wednesday. But, uh, it didn't happen. So, um, what time on [PHI-Personal] at 9 a.m. Yeah. Yeah, we're down in [PHI-Geographic] right now. So, are you? Ok.
Patient: Well, so, you know, we help with providers in [PHI-Geographic] as well. Um, if there's anything that happens down there and you want us to speak with those providers as well, we certainly can. Um, but because you're in [PHI-Geographic] right now, I don't want to keep you long. I want you to be able to enjoy your, your trip down there. Um, so we typically, um, go over medications just to make sure that there's no discrepancies with medications on this first call. We'll plan on doing that on a later time. Um, and, um, I will just plan on touching base with you.
Nurse: I'm sorry? Oh, I'm talking to my husband. We're in the car and I had a piece of paper that had my, uh, drugs written down and I see, I, I don't have it now. Um, it was in the Chol Bob. It's in, it's in your. Um, no. Yeah, I did have, uh, I guess I'll have to call you back when I'm back. Um, where we're staying. Uh, because, uh I did wonder about a medication, I think. Um, I think I've been overmedicating and, uh, so I wanted to go over that list one more time, but I don't have it with me right now. If, if
Patient: I read them off, would you recognize them and potentially even recognize that medication you had a question on?
Nurse: Um, well, it, I know labetalol is the one that's in the morning. And, uh, but then there was another one and I discovered that when we were down here after I took my second dose of pills, I was uh getting very, very dizzy. And, um, so I kind of did a little experiment. Yeah, I guess I lost it. Um, anyhow, I did a little experiment and left one pill. Out and tried that and the next day I left a different one out and the third day I left a different one out and I have to say I didn't have,
Patient: Yeah, that would definitely be you said worth us talking about. So definitely when you get that list, let's talk about them.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, I don't have the list. Ok.
Patient: Not a problem. Once you get back to where you're staying and you have that list, um just give me a call um and we'll go through that information and we'll look at it and we'll see if we can figure out what the problem is and make notes on those medications. Ok, perfect. Thank you. You're so welcome. Um [PHI-Personal], I'm going to um, since you are in [PHI-Geographic], I'm gonna send a message through my chart that will just have my contact information and it also has what are called care gaps which are just appointments or testing that the providers recommend patients have during the year. Um, so that will be right in your my chart for you to review whenever is convenient for you. Ok.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, and I wanted to tell doctor [PHI-Personal] I enjoyed uh Doctor [PHI-Personal] this month. Alrighty. Yeah, he had an article in there on BP, so. Oh my goodness. Ok. Yeah, yeah. Ok. Well, thank you for calling.
Patient: You are so welcome and I will speak with you soon. Ok. Ok, thank you. You're welcome. Bye bye.
Nurse: Bye.
