Nurse: This is [PHI-Personal]. How may I help you?
Patient: Hi, may I speak to please?
Nurse: Yes, one minute, let me transfer you.
Patient: Thank you.
Nurse: You're welcome. She is on the phone right now. Would I be able to take a message?
Patient: Um, yeah, she's usually the one that calls me every month I think. Um, yeah, I need to speak to her as soon as possible with. I have an issue with my BP, so I don't know what to do.
Nurse: Ok. Is it maybe something I can help you with?
Patient: Um, are you doctor S like on her staff or
Nurse: I, I work with [PHI-Personal]. I'm another care Navigator.
Patient: Yeah. Ok. Well,
Nurse: Can I start your date of birth, please?
Patient: [PHI-Account]. Ok.
Nurse: And is this [PHI-Personal]
Patient: [PHI-Personal]? Right? Yes. Mhm. Ok. All right.
Nurse: Very good. And so what's been going on with your BP?
Patient: Well, yesterday, um, in the morning I took my BP, I was around two o'clock in the afternoon actually, right before I usually eat lunch and take my cancer meds. Well, it was 1 45/80 I don't like it to be that high. It's a little high for me. Just a tiny bit. But they like it to be under 100 and 40. So, ok, it like, ok, well, I'll take it again but every time I took it yesterday it was, kept going up, up, up, up, up and it was pretty high at 1 84 under over 105, that's pretty high. And now this morning when I first took it, it was 1 83/1 10. And I always read on the internet. You're supposed to go to the hospital when it's like that. But then I took it again. Um, and then it was 1 50/87 because I was planning on going to the hospital. Uh huh. And I just took it again and now it's [PHI-Account]/1 94. So it's going back up again and I don't know what to do. Ok.
Nurse: Um, when you took it this morning it was 1 83/1 10. Had you taken any medication yet
Patient: This morning? No. Ok.
Nurse: And then, um, what about when you took it when it was 1 50?
Patient: Well, then I went upstairs got, I was getting ready to go to the hospital. I got a shower, got dressed, took my, um, took my BP medication, which I take every morning, which is Olmesartan and carvedilol. And I took those two pills and, you know, I guess maybe they started working a little bit and it went down a little bit to 1 50 I thought, ok, well, that's a little bit high but I'll wait and see what happens. So I waited a while and now it's, it, then it went up to, uh, [PHI-Account].
Nurse: Ok.
Patient: And, um, it, it's heading back up again.
Nurse: I see that, um, when you check your BP, um, one second here. Um, are you, um, using a wrist
Patient: Cuff? No cuff, just a regular cuff. And I do do it every day and I have, for years, I do take it every day because I had the hypertension crisis once before. Uh, mm, 10, 20 fif 15, 20 years ago. Mhm.
Nurse: Ok. And when you take it, are you seated when you're taking it?
Patient: Yes. Ok. Seated flat on the floor. I loosen my jeans. So they're not tight around my stomach. Uh huh. And I put the cuff on my upper right arm and it automatically pumps up. It's a little Omron. Uh, I, I just put new batteries in it and
Nurse: That was going to be my next question. Very good. You're probably used to all of these, aren't you, um, any, um, headache or dizziness?
Patient: No dizziness, no chest pain. Um, nothing like that. Um, I like slight, slight, slight headache but nothing that I'm aware of. Ok. No. And actually had I not taken my BP again after that 1 45 I probably wouldn't have known. Right. You know, but normally I do only take it once a day, which is really scary because if I'm taking it once a day and it's ok and then it goes up during the day really high. I don't even know it.
Nurse: Right. Yes. And, um, have you been more anxious or worried about anything?
Patient: Yeah. Good. Yeah. Uh, I've been a little anxiety about, uh, they put me on new medication for my cancer and I have metastatic breast cancer and it's in my bones and it did progress. So, yes, I'm a little anxious and anxiety ridden and the new medication, um, with the new medication called Piqray and I have to stick my finger in the morning to take my blood sugar and, um, I have to like, really, um, use a lot less sugar. I don't use that much sugar anyway, but I have to watch my sugar and carbs. So it's difficult after 80 years of doing what, what you want. Now, I have to watch my Sugar and carbs. I don't even know what I'm supposed to be watching. So it's an anxiety. Yeah. Ok.
Nurse: Yeah. No, I understand all of those things adding up can add to a lot of anxiety. Yeah. New medication and new lifestyle and having to prick your finger every day and, you know, and then finding out that your cancer is in your bone. Yeah. All of those things are, you know,
Patient: I have had, I have had it at, um, me, it's metastatic breast cancer stage four. So there's no cure or anything like that. But I have taken, this is my third time. They switched me, me medications because it progressed. So, um, I've only been on it now. Tomorrow it'll be two weeks. Ok. And it, it is a little scary for me to figure out what to eat. You know, because I, I eat fruit for lunch and the sugar and fruit and I'm like, I'm like, I don't know, you know, what am I supposed to eat? Everything has carbs and sugar in it, everything it
Nurse: Does and, but there's, there's good, good carbs, bad carbs, good sugars, bad carb sugars. Um, and your, um, cancer doctor is the one who's told you, you know, to watch your carbs and sugar. Is that right?
Patient: Yeah, they said, and they said if it goes out of range, which it has not been out of range, um, then they would just put me on. Oh, what the heck is that? My diabetes? Yes, that's it. Ok. All right. Ok. But I really haven't had it go out of range so far because I've been trying to be really careful. Good.
Nurse: That's great. If you would like, I could mail out some information about, um, you know, low carb, low sugar diet that a diabetic would normally follow. Um, and my not saying that you're diabetic. But, um, and like, maybe that's a similar diet of what they would want you to follow and, um, you could always take it with you to your next appointment and ask if that those are ok, guidelines. Um, and that might help a little bit. I know there's a lot going on, but that might help a little bit, um, with feeling anxious if you, you know, have a better idea of what you should or can't or eat. Um, um, does, um, Doctor [PHI-Personal], um does he, is he the one that prescribes your, um, BP medication?
Patient: Looks like um uh Doctor [PHI-Personal]. I go to, she's my regular doctor but I do have a heart doctor and that's Doctor El [PHI-Personal]. Uh at up MC. Ok. I don't remember if, I don't really remember if he's the one that actually prescribed that I think he is. Yeah, I think he prescribes my heart medication, my BP medication. Rather.
Nurse: I see here. That, yeah, that's really old. So he must, um, I see at one time [PHI-Personal] did prescribe the carvedilol, but that was like back in 2018, 2016.
Patient: Uh, yeah, a long time doctor. I go to doctor doctor once a year. Um, and, you know, he always make sure I have all my prescriptions and stuff. So,
Nurse: And um, let's see here. When's the last time that you saw him? Has it been quite a while?
Patient: Mm. I think at least a couple of months ago, maybe four months ago. Something like that. It was probably, I could look it up, I guess. Um,
Nurse: The last one I have is from [PHI-Geographic]. That, oh, wait, no, I, no, I saw him in [PHI-Personal].
Patient: November [PHI-Personal]. Mhm. Yeah. So I just saw him. Like, what? Well, is that four or five months ago? Yeah, that's about right. Yeah. November, December, January, February March. Yeah, that's about right. And I do have another appointment. I, I'm supposed to call for an appointment in a year. So, you know, should I make an appointment with him or I
Nurse: Would, I would, um, call them since he's the one that's in charge of, you know, adjusting your BP medications. I would just call and let them know what kind of readings you're getting. But I would also make sure that they know that you have had some new added stress in your life. And, um, you know, that is causing you some added anxiety. Anxiety does make our BP go up, um, because it releases all kinds of different hormones in our body that increases our, uh, heart rate and our BP and all
Patient: The. Yeah.
Nurse: And, um, with you having the, the good reading. Well, I mean, not perfect but out of control. The 1 50/87 and really the 1 45 over 80 is terrible. Um, then it looks like to me that the BP medication is probably doing its job, but you may just have some extra stress. Do you do anything um to help with managing stress or anxiety? Any, um as far as you do, like anything to take your mind off it, like any crafts or uh
Patient: No, I watch TV, or, you know, talk to people on the phone, talk to my daughter, talk to my sister, you know, stuff like that. And um I do all my stuff around the house. I'm still very capable of doing everything. So, you know, I do my laundry and, and
Nurse: We kind of using that as some distraction from your thoughts. Yeah,
Patient: Exactly.
Nurse: Sometimes, you know, some meditation or even guided meditation, um, or music can sometimes help calm our thought and uh sometimes just even doing like a 55 minute little guided meditation where you're just sitting very quietly and focusing on the words that the person is saying and those words are call you sometimes that could help tremendously, especially when you're dealing with a lot of stress. And it doesn't have to be like a 30 minute long thing. You can do it just short, little intervals if you find yourself your thought kind of running away from you. Um, or you're just super focused or worried about maybe getting test results or, you know, um, anything like that, um, just taking a little bit of time to do that can make really honestly a big difference um in that. And so that might be something that you can try also when you're feeling that way. Um, or if you notice that your BP is high and maybe you don't realize that you're really, your brain is really kind of running away and focusing on everything that's going on right now. And I
Patient: Don't realize that actually, I don't really feel like I'm stressed out, you know, I, but I have had like a couple of deaths and, you know, close people have died recently but that, I don't, I don't know if that would really make me this stressed out or anything. You know, it was just like a month ago and, you know, my pressure's been pretty good and I, like I said, I do take it every day and I'm worried about what they call the, uh, a hip hypertensive crisis, right. You know, um, that's what I'm worried about. Right. And, um, what to do should I go to the hospital?
Nurse: Um, you know, I would give your cardiologist a call first and, um, let them know what you've told me and let them know what your readings are. Um, you know, another thing that might be the cause could be your cancer treatment. So they may need to make some adjustments to your medication while you're receiving this treatment. Um, that's a possibility too. So I did
Patient: Check on that right away. Um, this morning, I texted my nurse Navigator and she checked with my oncologist and she said they didn't feel that that would be, um, you know, anything that would cause this. Yeah. Ok. So, I
Nurse: Know I'm not highly familiar with all the, um, cancer meds. They're constantly changing and they've constantly got new ones. Um, but
Patient: First, but I don't know what the heck is causing it. I don't know. But whatever it is, I gotta get it down, you know. Mhm.
Nurse: And then sometimes the stress of wanting your BP to be lower, you know what I mean? Can also,
Patient: I have [PHI-Personal] coat [PHI-Personal]. I have [PHI-Personal] coat [PHI-Personal]. So I go to the doctor's office. It's very high, but now I think I have it at home. You know, because when I, you know, I know I'm like, if I have to take my BP, like I'm starting to freak out. So, because I
Nurse: Don't, because you're worried about you.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So,
Nurse: Um, do you have, let me see, I just look at your med list. Do you, um, sorry, hold it there. Have you or do you take anything at all that, um, helps with the anxiety?
Patient: No, I, have you
Nurse: Ever done that in the past?
Patient: No, I haven't. Ok.
Nurse: Ok. Well, um, that might be something to consider also, you know, depending on what, you know, your cardiologist says, that might be another avenue that we could try. Um, and see, you know, if it does help, it may not and, but it's something that you know, when you can't see inside your body and can't exactly using it, then sometimes that can be scary and sometimes it's kind of trial and error to find the right thing. But I will, I'll mail you out that, um, low carb, low sugar diet. Um, and then why don't you go ahead and contact your cardiologist? Tell him the readings that you've gotten and they would be the best one to make that decision for you on what
Patient: You should do. Ok, I appreciate your help. Thank you so much for your time. Is there anything else I can do for you? No, I, I mean, do you think that it's really urgent? Like, I don't wanna like have a stroke or something? No, I don't want to do.
Nurse: Um, I mean, the, the morning reading was, was high at the 1 83 1 10, but I'm encouraged by the fact that it did come down to the 1 50/87 after you've taken your medication. Um, so it means that the medication is doing its part. Um, the 1 60/94 is not absolutely horrible, terrible. But, um, you know, could that have been because you were getting anxious because you were taking it again and worried that it would be high. Um, you know, and so, um, you know, I would, I would definitely, I would call cardiology today just, you know, to
Patient: Make sure
Nurse: I get their advice. But, um, I don't think um you know, that would be the best thing to do.
Patient: Ok, I appreciate that. Um ok then um I'm gonna do that right now. I'll call them and see what to do. That sounds
Nurse: Good. Well, I hope that everything works out ok. If you need anything, you give us a call back
Patient: Will do. Thank you so much. You're welcome. Bye bye bye.
