Nurse: Thank you for calling the Care management program. My name is [PHI-Personal]. How may I help you?
Patient: Yes, I got a message to call you [PHI-Personal] something. You wanted to talk to me [PHI-Personal] my insurance
Nurse: Something. Ok. And what is your name?
Patient: Uh [PHI-Geographic]. It's [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: O ok. Let me just get you pulled up in my computer. Give me one second. All right. So the reason that I called is because doctor [PHI-Personal] is providing a care management program that he thought that you could benefit from and what that is, it's where a dedicated nurse will call you in between your office visits. She'll provide you with any assistance on your current health conditions. She can help you with medications, lab results and community resources. The care nurse will call, check in, see how you're doing. Make sure everything's going. Ok? And while she's on the phone with you, she'll be documenting your responses and providing a direct report to Doctor [PHI-Personal] for review. If Doctor [PHI-Personal] sees anything of concern in those reports, he will make sure it does get addressed immediately. And the purpose of the program is to make sure that you're staying as safe and healthy as possible in between those office visits. And it's a great way for Doctor [PHI-Personal] to stay up to date on your well being. The program is a billable service to Medicare, Medicare Advantage and secondary insurances. It's considered an office visit. So it may be subject to coinsurance, deductibles and copays. I do see that you have the [PHI-Personal] Medicare Advantage plan. Is that correct? Yes, I do. Ok. And do you typically have a copay when you do see Doctor [PHI-Personal] in the office?
Patient: Uh Yes, in [PHI-Geographic].
Nurse: Ok. So the program will be the same as that $10 copay, but you can always adjust your call frequency so the nurse can contact you either once a month, once every two months, every three months or every six months. And then you do have the option of reaching out to your care nurse if you do have any questions in regards to your health needed any help with prescription refills, setting up an appointment, rescheduling appointment and even expediting an appointment and you can receive more than one phone call in the month for just the price of the 1 $10 office visit copay charge. Alright, next
Patient: Month I ho hold on I believe next year there's not gonna be a copay.
Nurse: Ok. So that would mean that you wouldn't have to pay any out of pocket to be part of the program if you do not have a copay.
Patient: Ok? I mean, [PHI-Personal] sends a woman or a nurse to our house like twice a year. They come here and basically give you like a physical, they do everything except like an EKG.
Nurse: Ok. Yeah, this would be a little bit different. This is a way for doctor to stay up to date on your well being and make sure that you are, you know, um, doing good in between those appointments and it's also a good um benefit of always having a nurse on hand that you could talk to. If anything does arise that you are unsure of, of how to proceed with it. Whether it's, you know, you have a cough and you're not sure if you should go to the doctor or not, you can always talk to your care nurse and she can kind of go
Patient: [PHI-Personal]. My problem is I live in [PHI-Geographic] for eight months. Ok. So I'm not, you know, I'm only up here in the summer. I mean, I see doctor [PHI-Personal], but I just see me in the summer.
Nurse: Ok. What I can do is I can always send you out some more information and if you ever decide that you wanted to be part of the program, you can always reach out to your care nurse. How does that sound?
Patient: Yeah. Yeah, you're or put down, let me know, call me back in [PHI-Personal], let me see. Get concern. There's supposed to be a lot of changes made to the [PHI-Personal].
Nurse: Ok. That's not a problem. I can call you back in January in the beginning of the year and, and, and we can talk it over again. Ok. Thank you. You're welcome. You have a great rest of your day. Yeah. All right. Bye bye.
